 I cannot overstate my disappointment with Air France. They are certainly the most incompetent airline I've ever flown (that includes many SE Asian low cost carriers). From being unable to manage a simple code share flight at check in to poor inflight service, I can only say it is a wonder their planes manage to stay aloft. Of course they lost my bags, caused me to very close to missing my flight (due to some unexplained check in problem that consumed frustrating hours at the airport) and while I did think the meal in business was quite good, getting any service from a flight attendant outside the delivery of the meal was next to impossible. The wifi was not working and the inflight entertainment contained very little. I will not willing fly Air France again.
  Singapore airport extremely efficient, security control only before every gate, immigration with automatic gates. Boarding on time, catering highly sophisticated. Cabin crew friendly, always smiling. Charging facilities for devices was were working, wi-fi onboard free for messaging only. Surfing and streaming came at a cost but payable with miles as well. Self service bar during flight. Recent movies on screen.
  When I bought my flight from Manchester to Delhi with layover in Paris via Air France site, it didn't mention anything about transit visa requirements. General search says transit visa required only for layover of more than 5-hours. I even uploaded my travel info and document info in my Air France account. When I reached airport desk they informed me I don't have a transit visa so I cannot travel to France and denied any help. I told them I booked ticket from Air France site and I have to be in India with my family. The Manchester staff was not helpful at all. 
  Air France changed my original connecting flight from Paris to Stuttgart, so that instead of spending a couple of hours in transit I had to stay overnight (16 hours in total. Even being a gold member and knowing it was not my wish to stay but its choice they did not let me get in the lounge, nor did they offer any kind of option. When I got to my terminal (2G), they said in a very unfriendly way- that the hall is closed over night and I have to leave. Thanks to the wonderful airport worker who was very friendly and clearly explained to me how to find my way back to other terminal, where I can spend the night to come back to this one in the morning. Chaotic experience and very unhelpful and unfriendly AF personal
  Our flight was delayed 3.5 hours as someone gave birth on the incoming plane. We missed our connecting flight, we were flying Toronto to Paris then Paris to Cape Town. What was suppose to be a 25 hour trip turned into 3 days. We lost our hotel reservation for one day. Air France refuses compensation stating it is out of their area.  We will Never fly Air France again. This is also not the first time this airline has had some give birth on one of their flights.
  I flew to Bucharest out of HND via CDG in Business Class with Air France. In the first leg, on seating myself on a business class seat, I felt squeezed in. Whenever I got out of my seat for a rest room or something, I could not help grabbing the backrest of the seat just in front of mine, which finally caused him to make a complaint to me. For dinner, no Japanese food was available. More than that, the main Western course they served was not suitable for my typical Japanese taste. However, I found it logical, because one of the roles AF assumes is to spread French culture. After dinner ample refreshments ,such as fruits, chocolates, and biscuits were presented with a bottle of champagne at the galley. It was the so-called help-yourself service. On the other hand, I did see what I didn’t want to see: not a few flight attendants were bent on chatting each other. They didn’t intend to replace an empty bottle with a new one. Two hours prior to arrival, as regular breakfast was served, French butter, regrettably whose brand name I forgot, was noteworthy. In the second leg, regular European business class with middle seat empty. The meal served here was tasty (see photo). The portion of cheese was impressive. Serving generous amount of champagne was highly appreciated. The plane landed on OTP as scheduled.
 Boarding started with a glitch, because the airplane was not ready yet so we had to wait 10 minutes on the skybridge where it was cold - the temperature from outside. Flight was on time, cabin crew was friendly, the meal was prepared by a chef - some fancy and very tasty combination. Seat pitch below standard, especially for business class where the only difference is the empty middle seat. WiFi was not working.
 I recently endured a highly inconvenient 24-hour flight delay with Air France (AF 0206) from Paris to Mumbai on January 18th. The lack of communication about the technical issue was frustrating. After de-boarding, the confusion continued with no guidance on hotel arrangements, leading us to a distant hotel.  The following morning, the gate was changed without notice. I am disappointed with the overall lack of communication.
  Copenhagen-Paris 30 Dec. 2023 on new A220-300. Checked-in in airport took only a few minutes and the officer was kind, accommodating, and professional. I was allowed luggage check-in beyond Paris the whole way to Africa despite on a different ticket and on an airline without any alliance. That saved me a lot of time and hassle in transit in Paris going to a distant terminal. As a Flying Blue status holder I was respected and could choose seat freely. Thus, I pampered myself with an entire exit row. The two lounges AF uses in CPH are both quite fine: the Apartment is a quiet restaurant with nice buffet, while the Carlsberg is merely a noisier bar with snacks and cold foods. One can choose among freely them and even walk forth and back if so wanted. Gate boarding on time. Onboard, drinks and wines were flowing freely and staff were good. Cold sandwiches served. On time. Luggage delivered to final destination. Highly recommended.
  I have been traveling for many years across the world and Air France has by far been my worst experience.  Air France has effectively ruined my honeymoon so far by "losing" 3 of 4 checked bags. We have Apple air tags in the bags and have been tracking them the whole time - at one point Air France sent the bags to our destination then sent them back to the Paris hub for no reason at all. When dealing with customer service, it is truly a nightmare. They are extraordinarily rude and refuse to help or pass you to a supervisor to escalate the call. My husband had important prescription medicine that I have said multiple times to them and have gone so far as to identify the terminal in the Paris airport to them. They refuse to listen and one representative simply stopped responding to me but stayed on the call and I could hear her breathing and typing. We have been working closely with Dubai airport because our bags have air tags and they are doing work trying to find it. 
 In almost 50 years traveling this was the worst experience. Considering I was traveling in business class as platinum member. Plane was old, configuration 2 3 2. Regretfully I had a seat next to a very unpolite man. Unfortunately it was a very long flight since there was a stop over in BKK. The purser getting off at BKK told me good luck and I needed it. This man started cutting his nails, he was also unstable and pants were down every time he stood up to go to toilet. He has been noisy all 12 hours flight and had been arguing with other passengers. A nightmare cause I was the closest to him. I wanted to relax with a gin and tonic and it was not available on all plane. This was May 2022. I send a complaint and I got just a copy+paste answer from customer service Business class + platinum member customer service.
  This was the worst long haul flight. Seat was old and mine was broken, The lights were switched off for 85% of the flight, my headphones broken, my USB broken, tried the call bell a number of times - never answered. I had to go to the galley to get someone's attention. The turbulence light was nearly always on (when we hadn't had turbulence for 30 minutes - this happened regularly). My wife's gluten free meal was served frozen. When I complained they offered some crisps and nothing else - despite me asking if they could see if there were any other options for food. I ended up leaving my earbuds in the pocket. Complained afterwards, it was a torturous process. Customer Services never answered my complaint. Everything was generic and they then closed down the complaint right afterwards. I had to keep opening up new complaints just so I could get someone to respond. They consistently ignored every attempt to go in depth regarding my complaint.
  My first time flying Air France and it was a horrible and horrendous experience. My 2 suitcases were left in Paris for almost the entire time I spent at my destination. Baggage claim customer service was disastrous and was no help, initially given me wrong information about my baggage located and arrived several times leading to frequent trips to the airport with no luggage in sight. After a few days the customer service kept pretending to have a bad network and claimed to not hear me. It was obvious they were up to no good, because I heard them loud and clear. Additionally, I filed a claim that did not see light of the day. Eventually, one of the suitcases arrived almost 2 weeks later and the other came the day of my departure back to Dallas. Moreover, the brand new suitcase I purchased for the trip arrived damaged. Essentially, the entire trip I was overwhelmed with trauma and anxiety. I was also unable to accomplish the reason for my trip. As if that was not enough, on my return trip back, another one of my luggage was left behind in Paris and this time delivered on the 3rd day after arrival leaving my perishable items condemned. After all of this, the claims department confirmed and then denied that they did not see my claims. I truly regret ever flying Air France. Almost three weeks have passed and I have still not received any form of compensation or at the least an apology. I am thoroughly disappointed with this experience.
  I bought a combined flight from Gdansk to Lima, tickets were not cheap and I payed full ticket price. But when I was checking in for the flight 20 hours in advance, I was granted a standby seats for all 3 flights. Moreover, my friend checked in later, and she were not given a standby seats. When I reached the support in WhatsApp, they asked me to come to the airport earlier and address my issue to Air France agent. I went to the airport at 2.30 a.m. (my flight was scheduled at 6:15). There were nobody to help me. And there were no Air France agent of course! The advice in WhatsApp was to wait until boarding starts and go to check in desk. But at check in desk they could not give me the boarding pass and sent to the gate. At the gate they asked to wait. And only after boarding started, I received boarding passes. I’ve been in a constant stress for more than 24 hours. No assistance and no support. On my way back I had 3 flights provided by air France and the final flight provided by another company. I had much time for interchanges bettween flights. But as a result, every flight has been delayed. My final flight was at 23:05, and I arrived with air France at 22:58.  The only thing I am grateful for is cabin crew. I asked them to provide me with possibility to run first from the plane. Thank you for this opportunity! So again only nerves and stress. In Paris before the check in they decided to make all the passengers to move to another part of the airport, as the gate changed unexpectedly. After some delay air France application showed me a message that I am entitled to compensation, but when I clicked the message for several times, error occurred: Sorry, something went wrong. And after several tries even the whole message about compensation disappeared. The most nervous service ever!
  Flew Paris-Copenhagen 7 Dec. 2023 on a new A220. On time. Checked in online. In Paris, I used the nice and spacious Air France Salon lounge in terminal 2F. Became rebooked to AF after KLM cancellation. Not a bad swift as I avoided a stop in Amsterdam. However, they failed to retag my luggage which remained in Paris and only arrived to Denmark 2 days later. They delivered it faultlessly by courier the entire way to my address in a distant area, 80 km from airport. I was well informed on the progress. The Air France flight was on time, although aircraft was completely stuffed due to Amsterdam traffic issues redirecting hundreds of people. Aircraft was modern and very nice. Service on board very good, did not anticipate such pampering onboard an intra-European aircraft.
  Nov 2023 Flight from Vancouver to Rome with stopover via Paris. We landed at the opposite end of the airport and had to dismount onto the tarmac in pouring rain. No overhead coverings to keep the passengers out of the wet and cold; many passengers were rightly not expecting this and not dressed accordingly. We were crammed onto a shuttle bus and transported to the security checkpoint. Plane disembarkation to security checkpoint took about 25-30 minutes. Our next flight was with Air France and the scheduled layover was 1hr 40mins. Massive lineup at the security checkpoint and were shunted to a severely understaffed overflow line. This overflow line had approx. 3 planes worth of passengers and they were being screened by 1 staff member using an old system – baggage and security trays were ferried by hand, no automation whatsoever. There was a free line next to us but that was exclusively for the 20 or so flight staff, all other passengers were ignored. It took 1hr and 10mins to get through the security checkpoint. There were arguments with passengers and staff, there were arguments with passengers and passengers as people were beginning to panic that they were about to miss their connecting flights. People were begging each other to be let through first, but all were in the same situation. Other lines to our right were moving quickly again but people were expressly forbidden by staff from transferring lines, nor did they offer to redirect. Once we were through, we went straight to our flight gate as they were beginning to final call our names over the PA system. Keep in mind we were as efficient as the airport allowed us to be, no bathroom breaks, no shopping, and walking as quickly as possible. Doors closed a few minutes after boarding and there were still at least 70 people in the line at the security checkpoint many of whom had now missed their flights through no fault of their own. At our departing flight from Venice to Vancouver (via CDG and Seattle) I had found that my PR Card was lost or stolen and denied boarding the flight; saying that the USA would not let us through. Even though I had my valid PR number, Passport and ID they would not let me board without the plastic card. The staff were not helpful or sympathetic and were offering bad immigration advice – they were insistent that we quickly purchase a tourist travel visa to Canada online – as much as we told them that was for non-residents only and even showed them policy on the Canadian Immigration website, they were insistent that was the only way they would now let us through as apparently they were now deputised as US immigration officials. We informed them that we as Permanent Residents were allowed to privately cross the US-CAN border in our own vehicle and we asked them to cancel to Seattle-Vancouver leg of the journey and let us finish the flight in Seattle. They told us to go to the ticket desk 30 meters away and try there. Once we got to the indicated ticket desk, they were confused what we were doing there and told us to go back to the Air France staff who had clearly fobbed us off, and again told us they can’t cancel the last leg of the trip. 
  Booked a flight with Air France, then had to change plans. Looked at the cancellation/refund policy and it said they would refund if cancelled within 24 hours. I thought I was within the 24 hour window, so I went to my booking to cancel. There was nothing on the cancellation confirmation saying that I was outside the 24 hour window, which I was. When I realised my mistake about 20 minutes later, I thought it was better to keep the flight than cancel and get zero refund. I went back to the website, and it said refund takes awhile to process. I didn't see anyway to stop the cancellation process. I called them and they said I need to contact the refund team, I asked how, they said they would do it for me. When I didn't hear anything the next day I called them again, lady was very unhelpful and said it couldn't be stopped when it was started. Air France kept my fare for providing zero service. Extremely unhelpful staff, and terrible website functionality.
  If you live outside of the EU, Air France will not compensate you for a severely delayed or cancelled flight. On September 22, just a few hours before boarding an Air France flight from Vancouver to Paris, I was informed by email that Air France had cancelled my second flight from Paris to Nairobi where I was supposed to begin a safari. My only option was to take a Kenya Air flight from Paris to Nairobi, 12 hours after I landed at Charles de Gaulle airport. Usually when you are forced to wait 12 hours because your airline cancels your flight, you are offered a minimum of 600 Euro compensation (this is even written on the Air France info site). But Air France refuses to compensate me, using the loophole of an obscure 2004 regulation that states that if the flight does not originate or end within the EU, they're off the hook. First of all, my cancelled flight 814 originated in Paris, which in the middle of the EU. Secondly, since when does an international airline that flies all over the world, compensate only those who fly witin the EU? Air France has an obligation to treat all customers equally, and not give preferential treatment to customers who fly only within the EU. When I flew from Dublin to Vancouver last year, and the flight was delayed by 10 hours, Air Canada paid me compensation. 
  Air France lost our three bags, someone was in my seat on the plane. The woman who tried to help us fill out forms about our missing bags could barely use the touch screen, so we had to do it for her completely. We had to wait more than three hours after we got off the plane to get our bags at our destination after they were left in Paris (our layover). The aircraft’s wheels were exceptionally squeaky, and they screeched loudly constantly while we were on the ramp. Also, the food was terrible. It was a sloppy cream cheese and cucumber “sandwich”. It was barely edible. They forced us to check our bags in the first case despite there being plenty of open seats and thus, room to carry our bags onto the plane like normal. They needlessly created the conditions to lose our bags and followed through and succeeded in it.
  Very disappointing and that has become the normal experience with Air France. Poor catering on board, and on a nine-hour flight no one came to offer more drinks. I went to the back to fetch my own but found that the cabin crew had sealed off our compartment (limiting 16 rows to one toilet) with locked curtains, so they can be alone. Upon arrival, there was no wheelchair for me (and this happens all the time at CDG airport). I have an artificial leg and it is difficult for me to walk long distances, yet they have me walk up the boarding bridge to the lobby, then walk outside to catch their van, where it drops you off at another terminals and you have to walk up steps and then an elevator and then a longish walk to where they have their wheelchair staff. If you wish to fly with this group, choose KLM who are efficient, they have wheelchairs available when you arrive, take you to where you want to go. We flew to Bucharest, and there has never been a wheelchair waiting for me so I guess they do not do that there. My last three trips with AF/KLM have resulted in delayed suitcases of up to a week. They arrived as expected this time, and that is the only thing Air France did correctly.
  My seat was broken and would not fully recline and the  tablet was also broken. My food was the same as economy. WiFi did not work, neither did my USB socket and power plug. 
  We booked our flight through air France from Toronto to Tangier. Routing us through Montreal, Paris then Arriving to Tangier. The first leg of the flight to Montreal was operated by WestJet. The plane was late and arrived for our connecting flight late. This cause us to miss our flight after that it was a complete chaos and unprofessional. We went to air France to book us on the next flight, air France says we should go west jet. We went to WestJet, they said to go to air France. No one wanted to take responsibility and kept sending us back and forth. Saying its the other airline fault. We were at the airport for 4 hours going back and forth. They said we should call air France to get our refund. When we called air France they said we should call WestJet to get our refund. Up to now we still have not gotten our refund. 
  I’ve been on “bad” airlines and even though the amenities may be lacking the customer service was at least decent. This cannot be said for Air France. After struggling to find room to store my luggage I had to squeeze my way up and ask the flight attendant for assistance. She told me “you need to figure that out yourself” along with “I don’t know how to help you”. I kept telling her that I wasn’t able to find bin space and that I needed help moving stuff out of the way (I’m 4’11 I can barely reach the bins) along with lifting my suitcase into a bin but she kept saying “you need to figure it out on your own”. Luckily a passenger was able to help me out.
  I recently booked a round-trip flight from Zurich to Antananarivo with Air France, and the experience was nothing short of a nightmare. From start to finish, it was a series of mishaps and poor service that left me deeply stressed and unsatisfied. The outbound flight from Zurich was delayed by more than 30 minutes. This delay put us in a precarious situation, and we were forced to rush to catch our connecting flight at Paris CDG. The stress of almost missing our connection was certainly not the ideal way to begin a vacation. On the return journey, the problems persisted. The flight from Antananarivo to Paris CDG experienced another significant delay, causing us to miss our initial connection to Amsterdam. While we were rebooked on a later flight, the flight from Paris CDG to Amsterdam was delayed by 30 minutes. In an attempt to ensure we caught our connection in Amsterdam, we requested assistance from a flight attendant, only to be met with a disrespectful attitude and a dismissive response. Upon arriving in Zurich, the troubles continued as our luggage was nowhere to be found. Three of our bags were stuck in Amsterdam, and one in Paris CDG. We were left waiting for over 2 hours and 30 minutes for our luggage from Amsterdam to arrive in Zurich. This was particularly distressing because two of us had another flight scheduled for the following day and were uncertain whether our luggage would make it in time. As a result, we also missed our train connection from Zurich Airport to Thun. To top it all off, the in-flight meals provided by Air France were subpar at best. On the way to Antananarivo, the tomato salad had a rotten taste, and for a 10-hour flight, the meal options were shockingly limited. On the return journey, the meals were disappointing, with the second meal consisting of bread with some sauce, a cold mini croissant, a jam, and a yogurt. In summary, my experience with Air France on this trip was marred by delays, unhelpful staff, lost luggage, and inadequate in-flight meals.  I expected better service and reliability for the price I paid, and this experience fell far short of those expectations.
  I found the experience very poor compared to other airlines I have used in Europe this past year. The food quality was poor. They served drinks in tiny paper cups. The snacks were fruity flavored kids drinks that were like getting a yogurt with extra sugar. You rarely saw an attendant. The inflight entertainment was very poor.
  I flew with Air France last December and experienced a very friendly welcome aboard by the crew and very comfortable seat, ok legroom. Excellent ground staff at Delhi and Paris airport, no wifi onboard but excellent food, great movies on entertainment screen. Very great value for money.
 Bad service, they lost my bag and everyday I'm calling more than 10 times and same answer "your bag still in berlin, we will send it as soon as possible when we have a flight" and still I'm waiting more than 10 days. As if there is no flight from Berlin to Paris everyday, bad customer services. It was the first time I took Air France and for sure the last time.
  I fly Air France frequently to and from French Polynesia and can honestly say I have always had a great experience. My most recent was however not a pleasant one. Neither leg of my roundtrip flight was enjoyable and felt like more of a budget airline. We are frequent travelers and book specific seats. we know which seats are not good. a month before they changed planes, and we were forced into seats that we would not have choose as they do not recline as much as the rest of that class. Well, we were stuck and had no other seats to move too. On top of that my seat was broken and the footrest could not be used. So not only did I have a seat that did not recline like the rest now I had a broken footrest. The only option was to move to a middle seat away from my family and sit by strangers. I might have just sat in economy because the premium was really not premium. The staff is amazing as always and so very nice, but wow the food was absolutely horrific on both flights. I remember Air France pre covid having better quality food, but that has really changed. Nothing was edible but the bread and butter.
 Horrible experience ending in a canceled flight. We boarded on time at 3.30pm for a 4.05pm departure from BEY to CDG, and shortly after pushing back we were informed of a technical problem. We returned to the gate and were told one hour later that it was fixed. However shortly after pushing back again, the pilot announced the problem was still not fixed and that the plane's radar was out of order. We were then offered to fly to Athens as the weather there was good and "didn't require a radar". Another AF flight would then take us to Paris. However half the passengers decided to leave the plane. I decided to stay but after more than 5 hours, we were still stuck in the plane with no food or drink served. Then the pilot said the flight was canceled because the weather had changed! A hostess started shouting at us with conflicting instructions about disembarking and then returning to our seats - a complete chaos with children crying. After disembarking it was a total mess a no one knew on which flight they would be rebooked. We ended being sent to a cheap hotel at midnight. It was impossible to get any help from AF's call center as it is based in North Africa and their totally useless staff were not even able to provide accurate information (they said there was no flight before 2 days later while I managed to get a booking the next day by talking directly to the airport staff). Adding insult to the injury, my online complaint got me nothing more than a simple apology.
  The flight was on time and the Premium Economy seats are comfortable, and that is about it. Only one hot meal was served after take off (despite the 14-hour flight duration due to Russian airspace restrictions). A small bag with candies and fruit juice was served before landing, unlike some full service carriers who serve two full hot meals on such long flights. No power socket, only USB plugs - quite unacceptable for Premium Economy. No wifi. The crew did the bare minimum, they served the meal then disappeared for 11+ hours before serving the arrival refreshment. The IFE is ok. Air France packages itself as a luxury airline but in reality it is well below the competition.
  I was flying from Mumbai to London with a layover in Paris. First of all, they let us know that the flight from Paris to London was cancelled. Then, they decided to rebook our entire journey but instead of leaving at 2am, they wanted us to leave at 10am and stay in the airport uncompensated. In fact, we couldn't even speak to anyone about this. They provided us with a customer service number, but it had been closed for 2 hours. After scrambling around the airport for hours, we found someone to speak to who managed to get us on the original flight and a new flight leaving from Paris, with a delay of 2 hours. However, due to the change they moved our seats and due to this move, our vegan meals were also unavailable. Finally when we arrived to London, after waiting an hour for our suitcase we have been notified that it was lost. All the while without being able to speak to anyone on customer service.
   I booked this flight in November 2022 as part of a round world trip, as in my 70's I like a little comfort, I also booked an isle seat. Upon checking in at CDG , I was told I was on standby having paid 8 months before. It was an anxious 2 hour wait, I did get my premium economy seat, but not an aisle as requested and paid for, no fun on a 10 hour flight in a middle seat. 
  Strike among air controllers in Paris caused particular problems due to delays. Sitting in an Air France plane waiting during delayed boarding is torture given the NOISE that is played. Made by a 12 year old who knows three chords and got his hands on a synthesizer? Awful. Same mind numbing noise if you call AF. Flying in “comfort” Premium Economy for $3,660 RT is horrendously overpriced given the food and lack of attention. This was a fairly common Business Class fare. Except for a seat that is less uncomfortable than in economy and a pouch with a toothbrush etc., there is nothing to justify the price difference. Dinners were served, both ways, with a main dish in a rectangular box hidden in mashed potatoes. Return flight I chose duck. Sounds nice, right? More like pre- chewed something mixed with, or hidden underneath, mashed potatoes. On neither flight (to and from Paris) did anybody stop to ask if I would like another wine or more water. No drinks before dinner. Nothing to differentiate this “Premium class” from economy. Stewards steamed backwards with cart returning from economy without so much as looking sideways to quickly reach the sanctity of the galley between business class and the Premium Economy. You will not get any kind of service or attention that differentiates you from those in economy seats. It may be Air France’s intention that there should be a difference, but I have on my three flights with AF this year seen none of it! None. While there are three or four bathrooms provided for business class in front of you, you will in the Premium section have longest walk to a bathroom of any passenger onboard. True! As I saw that many passengers (especially couples) are in their 60s and 70s this is another reason this Premium section does not warrant its price. The walk back through the economy section in the dark with pillows, blankets, and feet in the way is no fun. In reaching the very back of the plane there were three thin brown sandwiches in a large box waiting, together with a few chewable candies also in a large box and two stewardesses far less interested in engaging with a passenger than in talking among themselves. And it is especially here that KLM has a leg up on Air France. More often, but not always, do KLM personnel seem more friendly and engaging. With reference to my observations in the above, try KLM premium and compare for yourself. The Air France lounge is nice, but if given the opportunity, check out KLM’s main lounge in Amsterdam. Also very nice. Conclusion, suffer economy for 8.5 to 10.5 hours and treat yourself (with the significant amount of money not wasted) to a nicer hotel and great and expensive meal upon arrival! And, on this particular flight, you will guaranteed be closer to bathroom if you book an economy seat! I personally prefer KLM, but when I need a flight on short notice it is usually AF that have tickets. For me, a Delta flight involves a stopover in the US, and is typically more expensive to boot.
  The flight experience was nice, the bag service a disaster. We were flying (Friday 6 Oct 2023) business class from Bologna to Paris and to Denver. We checked in two roll-on size bags to make things easier on us. But, the bags stayed in Paris. The next day, one was sent to LAX. A day later, the other bag flew to LAX. Then both bags flew to Denver on different flights. Now the bags have been sitting at DEN waiting for someone to pick them up and send them to us. I have called AF numberous times. I've emailed screenshots of my bag locations many times in the last two days, from my AirTags, but noting seems to happen. The customer service line just says they're sending a message to their airport office as to where the bags are and marked urgent to get our bags to our temporary location. I tried to get a supervisors contact. I tried to find a phone number at the DEN AF office to call them directly. I even called the airport directly. All I get is two options. Somehow get to the airport to pick up my bags which is not an option or wait for a reply from AF. The processes and customer service seem to be lacking.  I will need to have the bags rerouted to Scottsdale Arizona since we're leaving Colorado tomorrow morning. 
  We were traveling Atlanta to Paris. We booked our seats (two aisles across from each other, main cabin) months ahead of time. When we arrived at the airport, Air France ticketed us into the last cabin, two middle seats across the plane from each other, ten rows apart. When I pointed this out, they said they changed planes (same configuration) and our seats were gone, the flight was oversold and we could go tomorrow if we didn't like it. So, very unhappy, but we boarded. Then we sat and sat on a hot plane for 1-1/2 hours before we departed. Very thirsty and hot, we were offered a beverage 4 hours after boarding. My food stunk too, but the wine was good.
  Flight to CDG was ok. Had bought a upgrade to business class during check in which included access to the lounge. Things got suspicious when the receptionist in CDG couldn't find my booking. He allowed me to enter the lounge regardless, where I spent the five hour layover. Upon boarding, I was told that the flight was overbooked and I was downgraded to economy. Got a an aisle seat when I had paid for a window seat when booking. While Air France downgraded me, they don't refund automatically. I have to apply for it and the money has yet to arrive. Food was edible at best. Cabin was very dated, duct tape was visible on seats. TV screen on the bulkhead seat couldn't be kept in place on the 14h flight, rendering it useless. The ticket in economy costed 1800 Euro and I'll spend this money with a decent airline next time.
  Disappointing Business Class Experience on Air France. My wife and I recently flew with Air France in business class from Rabat to Manchester, with a connecting flight in Paris. Overall, it was a very disappointing experience that did not meet our expectations. On September 28, we boarded our flight from Rabat to Paris. The business class seats were barely an upgrade from economy, with limited recline and lacking amenities. The meal service was lacking - a small cold pasta salad and no appetizer or dessert. Upon arriving at CDG, there was no priority boarding or fast track security for business class passengers. We waited in a long queue for 35 minutes to board our connecting flight to Manchester. Again, the business class meal was mediocre - a small cold sandwich. On our return journey on October 1, we decided to fly economy class. Our flight from Manchester departed 15 minutes late. We were anxious about missing our connection in Paris due to the delay. The food was disappointing. Our flight landed in Paris 25 minutes late, giving us under 40 minutes to catch our connection to Rabat. We rushed through the airport and reached the gate just in time. However, upon landing in Rabat, we were informed that our checked luggage had been left behind in Paris. We had to return to the airport at 11:30pm when Air France sent the bags on a later flight. Overall, Air France's subpar seats, lack of amenities, mediocre food, and mismanaged baggage handling made this a terrible experience.  I would not recommend flying Air France, especially in business class, based on this disappointing trip.
 We had to attend a family wedding in Kinshasa and travelled as a family group. The flight was delayed and we were stuck on the tarmac for 3 hours with no adequate food or drinks. Truly awful experience. Then they lost our bags containing clothes and gifts for the wedding. The bags arrived 3 days late damaged. They have not compensated us for the damage! They had a major server breakdown and communication via the website was impossible. We were told they lost 15,000 bags that day. The office in Kinshasa could not access any systems to register our loss but told us they would register on our behalf. Then once the process began back in the UK they would not process our claim without our bank details and then transferred a minimal amount without our consent. They said that when we gave our bank details we accepted their offer. Untrue! It has been a nightmare! We have tried to be reasonable but have been met with complete indifference. Worst travel experience in over 40 years of flying!
  Copenhagen-Paris-Zurich-Paris on 17-18 Sep 23 deploying A220-300 and A320 aircrafts. Had to position myself in Zurich to catch my Kenya Airways (AF-codeshare) from there to Nairobi and Jo-burg. Tricky to check-in the luggage from CPH for the entire trip but by jumping the Zurich part, the luggage could be tagged simpler and eventually made it the whole way (5 legs) to Jo-burg. While Zurich became just a turnaround point with the same aircraft the return leg, however, was in business class: a clear step beyond economy, though identical, modest seats. The check-in in CPH went well but the handling agent deployed by Air France were rigid and uninterested and refused to transfer my luggage beyond the first 2 legs which caused me immense trouble and rebooking in ZRH as I could not catch my onward flight. The timeslot became too narrow to retrieve and recheck in luggage which I already informed of in CPH, but in vain: “we don’t do transfer on different tickets” despite being the same airline and even on the same (returning) aircraft. Lounges provided as elite traveller were fine in all three airports. Onboard, crew were courteous and effective. The A220 is a blessing, likely the best narrow body aircraft I have flown. All flights were clean, punctual or early. Service on board very modest, but a few drinks, hot drinks, and snack provided. Huge adavantage being elite FFP-traveller these days accessing their newer lounges and getting other perks.
  The quality of Air France is disgraceful to the point I won't fly any sky alliance flights again. We were flying back to Johannesburg for our wedding and so wanted the experience to be slightly more special. Paid for an upgrade to business class at the airport for Paris to JHB. Firstly, we received better drinks service in economy coming back than going out in business class. After our boarding drink was poured and we were in the air I asked if I could get a drink, twice, to once be told they would be with me soon, and when we were still ignored my partner then asked for a whiskey and he was told you can wait till after dinner. I understand that if you have been drinking prior to your flight and appear intoxicated, then you are not going to be served. However, we had just gotten off of our flight from Edinburgh to Paris which we had not drunk on. This flight was delayed. We were unable to make use of any of the time in the airport lounge which had been included in our flight upgrade, so hadn't had anything to drink during our time through CDG either.  Also, this doesn't even include WiFi. Secondly, at check in we were unable to upgrade on our return as the flight was full. When I discussed the delay on our last flight and our missed opportunity to utilise the lounge included with our previous upgrade she shrugged and said she didn't know and I should ask someone else. The food was bad with no in flight options provided. Only veggie, with both main and side vegetables overcooked. There is zero quality for the economy class customer experience which is ironic considering they were the most expensive of the three airline options between us and our guests who either flew British Airways or Qatar. We paid (not including our upgrade) £650 per adult return in comparison to £600 for BA and £500 for Qatar (all EDI to JHB). And again, despite being the most expensive, this included no checked baggage. Finally, my decision to never fly Sky Team again was cemented when I realised that I had not packed my toothpaste into my hand luggage on the economy fight back, so asked a stewardess if I could please have some to brush my teeth. Initially she told me they don't carry any toothpaste on board. When I didn't walk away she finally agreed that yes they do have toothpaste on board in the Business class flight bags but these are only for business class. 
  Copenhagen-Paris-Zurich-Paris on 17-18 Sep 23 on A220-300 and A320 aircrafts. Had to position myself in Zurich to catch my Kenya Airways (AF-codeshare) from there to Nairobi and Jo-burg. Tricky to check-in the luggage from CPH for the entire trip but by jumping the Zurich part, the luggage could be tagged simpler and eventually made it the whole way (5 legs) to Jo-burg. While Zurich became just a turnaround point with the same aircraft the return leg, however, was in business class: a clear step beyond economy, though identical, modest seats. The check-in in CPH went well but the handling agent refused to transfer my luggage beyond the first 2 legs which caused me immense trouble and rebooking in ZRH as I could not catch my onward flight. The time slot became too narrow to retrieve and recheck in luggage which I already informed of in CPH, but in vain: “we don’t do transfer on different tickets” despite being the same airline and even on the same (returning) aircraft. Lounges provided as elite traveller were fine in all three airports. Onboard, crew were courteous and effective. The A220 is a blessing, likely the best narrowbody aircraft I have flown. All flights were clean, punctual or early. Service on board very modest, but a few drinks, hot drinks, and snack provided. Huge advantage being elite FFP-traveller these days accessing their newer lounges and getting other perks.
 Both flights were on-time. DXB-CDG, plane was packed. Snack box was served right after take-off. An hour before landing, hot breakfast was served with tea and coffee and plenty of drinks run. CDG-YUL, gate and terminal was changed 2 hours before flight time, so I had to run from one end of the airport to another. AF customer service person told me its not an airline's decision when it comes to gates or terminal, airport management make a decision given the circumstances. Montreal flight was full and so much hand luggage passengers had that they had to move econ hand luggage to the business class section. Crew was kind enough to find me a place at the very end of the aircraft even though I was sitting in the front. Lunch was served then the snacks just before landing. At the back galley, plenty of snacks and drinks were available and few passengers decided to hang out there until landing so that was fun, get to know a few fellow passengers. AF really knows how to keep you busy with food, ample amount of meal portions and snack boxes are literally a full meal size as well.
  Paid high price for ticket to get best connection. Delayed in Paris, very poor communications and moved gates multiple times. Delayed 2 hrs and not even a drink of water.  First time on Air France and wouldn’t bother again. Seems disorganised in their processes eg chaotic boarding. 
 14 hours flight with no food or water during 11 hours! We were served a meal 30min into the flight and then left starving and thirsty for another 11 hours, there was another light meal just before we landed but, in between meals not only once the trolley passed by offering water, coffee or a simple cake. I was shocked! I had travelled previously from Paris to Bangkok through Thai Airlines and had a completely different experience. We had 2 meals and other 2 or 3 snacks in a shorter flight. Ground work wasn't better. Having taken about 1 hour to drop a bag already checked in through the self check in machine.
  Other than the temperature on our flight, the flight itself was okay. My baggage has been lost for a month and Air France knows nothing. Frankly, they aren't even trying. It is always someone else's fault or they will call me back or some other excuse. Any time I call, you would think its the first they have heard of the issue. I understand that this is more important to me than it is to Air France, but at some point you would think they would try. I have very little hope I will ever see my belongings again or any compensation. No answers, no possible solutions.
 I am pleased to say that for the first time, I am able to offer a positive review for Air France. On our flight out we were crammed into an Embraer 190, but the service was excellent and the in-flight meal had a choice of two options. On this return leg, there was a great deal more space because the seating was three by three and the middle seat was left empty. This is the way in short-haul European Business Class. The seats are the same as economy with the middle seat vacant. On both legs the cabin crew were excellent and the food was tasty and well presented. No problems with the airline, the airport, as usual, was utter madness. But that is another story.
  First of all boarding was chaotic. The stewards speak Spanish poorly and English even worse. So you are forced more or less to give your best french. They give during the 10 hours 40 minutes flight less than a liter of water or any other kind of fluid and when you ask they give you paper mini cups of water. And you almost have to beg them. They only give two times something to eat. They last food round what's less than an hour and a half before landing of the flight so you have no time to eat properly because they barely give you your food and they already come to pick it up. They advertise to have Wifi on board but once on board sorry but no Wifi.
  Horrible customer support and ground service. We had two delays that cost us an extra ticket and a stayover at the airport since we missed our connection. My friend received a compensation but my claims have been closed. No email provided to contact and no new claim can be made from the site since it refers to the first one (even though it's been closed). No response over the phone. I would definitely not book with them again.
  I didn’t know what to expect of Air France, but they really exceeded my expectations in this flight. The Premium Economy cabin on the 787 has very confortable seats. The IFE has plenty of choices, and the free wifi worked suprisingly good. Food was good, (though I still find out KLM or TK catering slightly better on Economy). However, what I liked the most was the onboard staff. They were outstanding, very friendly and helpful. The only downturn on this flight was that my luggage was delayed, being a tight conection time a factor for this incidence. After 5 days it could be sent to Querétaro Airport. While they handled the issue professionally, I have seen in other reviews this is a common issue in AF, so I would only use this airline again for direct flights, or flights with more than 3 hours of connecting time.
  Plane had over 2.5 delay. They let everyone on the plane and after one hour waiting the captain decided to give an update that they had technical issues. Throughout the 2.5 hours + the captain gave two updates (one more after the one one hour into that technical issue). Both updates were in French and English were of the English was hardly understandable. Crew had no idea what was going on. 
 A team that is not at all professional. They wanted to put my 3 year old twin girls away from me which was very weird. And for the long trip, I didn't find a place to put my hand luggage and when I asked, the stewards were rude, he shouted at me and the supervisor had no solution. She said it's my responsibility to find a place and it's up to me to manage....what an answer! 
 Boarding on time. Warm welcome onboard. Plane was spotless. Air France, as usual, middle seat was empty so plenty of room in economy. Lunch was served promptly after the aircraft reached the cruising altitude. Cabin crew was very apologetic for not having a second meal option available by the time they reached my row. Food quantity and quality was superb; butter, cheese, French dessert. It would be nice if the bread roll was warmed up a bit before serving. IFE is ok, need a bit more diversity when it comes to TV/Films, though music collection was plenty. Lights were off after lunch, many passengers took an opportunity to sleep. Washrooms were kept spotless throughout the flight and back galley was well-equipped with little snacks and candies and drinks. An hour before the landing, snack box were distributed consisted of hummus sandwich, yogurt drink, muffin and coffee/tea. What makes AF the best is their crew, perfectly bilingual, smiley and warm, neat and tidy, problem solvers rather than ignorers.
 I checked in online and arrived at the Pierre Elliot Trudeau airport 45 minutes early to upgrade to business /or/ first class depending on availability. I was so happy to see all 3 agents working in "Priority check in" free. No customers to serve. I approached one agent, she asked to see my ticket which I showed her. I told her I want to upgrade. She replied, with a stern look, and said "come back at 7". The time was 6.15 pm. She would not listen to anything I said thereafter ignoring me as though I did not exist. Another client arrived who was scheduled on an earlier flight, she allowed him to check in an extra luggage for free. I responded by saying that was such a nice gesture on her behalf, and it would be appreciated if that kindness spread to others like me....to please give me a solution. No response. I went to the next agent who was a little more helpful and told me to try the upgrade on the machine. (Even though there were no other customers to serve). I went to the self-operated check in machine and succeed to find the seats I wanted but it would not accept any credit card and redirected me to the counter. I went back, again all 3 agents were free. They said they cannot help. I became angry. Another client came with the same situation. Yet that client had already her business class tickets. She was treated the same way. She said she had “never” seen such service. Ok now its 7pm. I am waiting to enter priority check in-no one is there to serve the clients! The economy class is whizzing by, the ones in “Priority are waiting to be served. I approach the second agent I see walking by to ask her what is going on? Clearly, I was very upset. Rather than answer me she threatens to call security! Are you for real? She claims not to like my “tone”! Question: Air France: Why are you putting agents such as these in “Priority” check in? Please I need to understand! I am on a seven-week European vacation with my husband. I was so happy and then this? Do your clients happiness matter to you? Finally, I wanted their names which they completely refused to give, therefore I photographed them so that you can identify these rude agents and retrain their customer care service skills, or better yet give them a job that they do not have to deal with people. Clearly they are unhappy people who should not be greeting happy travellers. I am so disappointed with the service at the check in counter at YUL airport! The rest of our trip was excellent!
   Check-in was a bit confusing (airport is going through some big renovations, I guess not AF fault). Boarding was on-time but the plane had to wait for "something" on tarmac for almost an hour. Pilot made bilingual announcements regarding the delay though the English-version was incomprehensible. He even made mistake regarding the destination we are flying to (Paris Orly rather than Paris CDG, though crew rectify the mistake). Crew was very polite and smiley (as always with AF). Once airborne, we were served drinks and coffee with a small cookie. It was perfectly adequate for such a short flight. We landed 45 minutes late. 
 I flew on Air France from Atlanta GA July 7th to Casablanca Morocco via Paris. They lost my bag between Paris & Casablanca. I called their Customer Support line. They never found my bag. I called frequently to no avail. Air France couldn't or wouldn't call Casablanca for me. They gave me # for Casablanca but no one spoke English. I was never reimbursed for new clothes I had to buy or contents of my bag. I'm out several hundred dollars because of this. I had 1 pair pants, 1 t-shirt & tennis shoes. It was 113° out. I was on a tour so not much time to get other clothes, shoes, toiletries, etc. I got no help from Air France at all. It was a horrible experience. Our guide even tried to help to no avail. I lost some very sentimental items in my bag. What a disappointment that trip was.
  Checked in online, only to receive half of my boarding documents, namely, the leg from Paris to the US. For the first flight from Lisbon to Paris I had to stand in line for over 40 minutes so that they would print it! And it seems they did the same thing to many US bound passengers. What is the point of all those prechecks, scanning passports into apps and phones, checkin in online, if we all end up standing in lines, with no bags to check? They first line you up in the middle of the hall, I guess so that others would stumble over you when rushing to their lines, and then open 3 out of 6 announced windows. It is precisely this kind of inefficiency that is begging to be replaced by AI.
  Zurich-Paris-Copenhagen on 16 Aug. 23 on A318 and A321, respectively. Award tickets. Lounges in both departure airports are very good: In Zurich, a separate Skyteam lounge is small, but boutique like with great offerings. In Paris, AFs Salon Lounge (T2 Hall F), is huge and does the job: I had a full breakfast and a nap. I was, without request, offered champagne while seated. Both flights briefly on time. Onboard services were very decent for economy with wine, drinks and snacks. Recognised as Gold Card holder and given premium attention: greeted, priority boarding, seat choice, and additional wine, even on a busy day with completely full flights. Jetbridging for boarding and deboarding, throughout. Decent product, will fly again
  The check-in was so messy despite arriving early. I was at the airport by 4pm and I ended up checking in @ 8pm. We were to board by 10:10 but ended up boarding @ 10:45pm. As a result I missed the connecting flight and was forced to wait at the airport for 8hrs. On arriving, one of my luggage was damaged and one is still missing up to date. I have tried to send an email to KQ since that was the airline was transferred to after missing my connecting flight. They no longer pick my calls and nobody has been bothered to reach out to me concerning my lost baggage.
  The first time I flew with Air France my baggage got delayd 1 day but they delivered it to my house and they paid me back full amount what I spent for new things. The second time I had very good experience with them, Everything was on time, the staff there was very nice and the seats were very comfortable, and I would recommend.
  Fabulous staff everywhere, great lounges, great food (Champagne excepted), nice brand new aircraft. Splendid lounge at CDG. Unfortunately, as usual, luggage took 38 mn to be delivered at MRS, despite priority tags.
  As usual boarding in MRS was messy. Connection in CDG was extremely quick thanks to Priority lane. Nice crowded lounge. Boarding very messy again. Uneventful trip to Tokyo, with excellent food and wine, but, surprisingly with a insipid Champagne (Pommery). AF business class should offer one of the numerous classics. Staff perfect.
 I have booked my flight from DFW to Chennai (MAA) via Paris (CDG). My schedule got changed at DFW by 2hrs, because of that I will miss my next connecting flight. I have contacted the Air France customer care service to reschedule my flight and they did their best to find flights for me. But I am very much disappointed by the Air France policies. I have gone through the same kind of experience with Air France when I traveled from Chennai (MAA) to DFW on May 28 2023. I had to reschedule my flight with 2 stops at that time. Very disappointed with Air France with frequent rescheduling. I will not travel with this Airline in future.
 Booked flight for parents. Flight was delayed. Meal vouchers were promised, by email but not given at check in counter in Mumbai or at CDG. We booked wheelchairs for parents at CDG. Worst experience for them. Were made to stand for 1 elevator, then made to stand in a bus, then walk and wait while standing. Very bad accessibility accommodations. Refused any kind of refund or consideration because flights were out of European jurisdiction. They are an international carrier but will not give inconvenience refunds when inconvenience is caused. CDG is a mess. Do not fly through. KLM is so much better. KLM should end their partnership with Air France.
 Boarding was fast and smooth. Nice warm smiley welcome on board. Aircraft interior looked not that clean and shows its age well. IFE was excellent, so were the crew members, though it seemed at times that they were rushing the service. I pre-ordered Indian vegetarian option and I was served. Crew came over again for the drinks and when I asked if they have anything diet, one of the crew member actually went out of his was to find me a coke zero. Washrooms were kept clean through out the flight. Breakfast was adequate. I was really impressed how attentive crew were to one passenger who wasn't feeling good and vomit almost the entire flight. Overall, as expected, well served and fed flight.
 It was the first and last time ever, they have no problem lying just to get away from providing compensation to an unsatisfied customer. My screen did not work on board and I had no entertainment for 7 hours during the flight. The flight attendant was nice and offered compensation. He asked me if I would prefer cash or miles and I chose cash. I didn't hear from them for a week after I arrived. When I called they told me to file a claim online "which was supposedly done by the flight attendant onboard" I filed the claim as requested and I didn't hear back for another 2 weeks and every time I call customer service, they give me stupid excuses until I got so frustrated and asked for a supervisor and they told me they are not allowed to transfer calls to supervisors which makes me wonder what is the job of a supervisor if not to take care of unhappy customers complaints or deal with escalated problems? Finally, after almost 3 weeks, I received an email that they do not offer cash and that the flight attendant was wrong to offer cash! They gave me a voucher for 73 CAD which is 50 Euros and I can use it in 12 months. I replied to the email and told them if they don't provide cash why did they ask for bank information? I received another email that they apologize but there is nothing more they can do. They know that the customer may not travel in 12 months to use the voucher and this is how they can get away with the compensation. Very untrustworthy and unreliable and unprofessional customer service. They don't care about customer satisfaction.
 After an 11 hour flight, then a 6 hour layover in Paris, Air France rejected my boarding pass when scanned for boarding telling me the flight was full and a group of passengers were to fly on the next day's flight, on a ticket and prepaid seat they were fully paid for in advance. I had to spend the night in Paris airport hotel and wait for the next day's flight to Yerevan. Air France without notice to it's passengers' to increase their profit margins had decided to fly a smaller plane to Yerevan on July 25th, without having concern for leaving their passengers and their luggage behind. Air France supervisor finally after all their passengers had boarded showed up without apology threatening the furious passengers with police. Fortunately the French police was more civil than Air France supervisor, they stayed out of Air France dirty laundry and left them to sort the mess. Finally when some of the passengers were given seats their carry on luggage was checked in and the checked in luggage left behind. Without compensations a claim was filed on their site but the site did not allow for a delivery address. Two days later AF called telling me I had to pick up my luggage at the airport when I had included a primary residence address on the claim. Apparently I had not provided a local phone number and my international cell phone number was not acceptable for a local delivery. When contacted the Local Yerevan Air France office the sales desk agent was just as loud and rude as the supervisor in Paris. Not once they showed remorse for their lack of professionalism or showed customer service. I presume Air France agents are trained in finding obstacles instead of solutions, Have no concern the stress and health risk they pause to the passengers with their irresponsible behavior, pass the buck and scream loud to silence the exhausted passengers instead of listening. The ordeal is exhausting and Air France conduct and lack of customer service is unacceptable.
 I will never ever pay Air France another dime after this humiliating flight. I'd rather go crawling on my face. On the way to the plane from Paris to Oran has not been cleaned between the previous passengers leaving and us boarding. So it was dirty and when I asked the flight attendant for wipes to clean it, she refused very rudely and told me, if you want wipes, get them yourself. Their hub is in CDG where we had to transit long enough that we left the airport and when we came back, I got pulled aside so that my carry on luggage gets weighed. Something that did not happen in Helsinki. Obviously most people have more than 8kg between backpack and carry on and was forced to pay 50€. This is only the case for Air France flights, as other flights went through other security lines. On the way back from Oran, they made us throw away liquids bought at the gates post security.
  I am so thankful that I flew with Air France. The flight was delayed but that happens sometimes and they took care of me from the very start until the end. I needed to catch my flight to Mexico and they informed me about everything multiple times during the flight. Even though I had only one hour at CDG and we had 20 minutes late I caught my flight! Thanks to very caring flight attendant who was so kind and explained me how to get to my terminal and gate the fastest way. Thank you and if I could I would personally give thanks to the crew on the plane! I recommend the airline since even with delay which is normal, they are doing their best to get you to your destination.
 Had my flight cancelled by Air France they failed to get me rescheduled on another Air France flight. So we had to fly another airline. They failed to cover additional costs it took to fly another airline involved for the same day said they had operational issues. Hung us out to dry due to their failure
  The food and service in business class was horrible. For the dinner flight we were served a tasteless, overcooked and fatty piece of pork and the next morning the staff on the left side of the aircraft failed to serve several business class passengers, including me, our breakfast! Instead they stood in the front of the section talking to people and then cleaning up their trays before the rest of us had even been served! During the flight they never came around offering us any water. We had to go the galley and request it. 
  I booked 2 business class tickets for myself and my 2 year old daughter. A few weeks before my flight, I called Air France to check on the seating and meal arrangements for my daughter to ensure everything is confirmed. The 2nd time I called Air France was the day before my flight to make sure again if the seating and meals were confirmed. Both occasions, I was given the assurance that my daughter's child meal was confirmed and for seating, it is a priority she is in the appropriate seat next to me. During the flight, the attendant came to me and said the child meal was not booked when I did it 2 times. The 2nd issue is my seat was faulty.  I only realized when I was extending the seat, that it jammed and couldn't become a bed. I got off to check and saw my daughter's foot was stuck in this big gap as you see in the picture, by the metal piece stretching across the seat. This piece was visible and the cushion was falling off. I called the attendant and she quickly informed the chief steward who came and pulled the cushion away to seal it back to cover the metal piece.  Throughout the flight, the cushion kept sliding and I had to get off the seat to refit the cushion. Before landing, I couldn't fully recline the seat back to original position because of this big issue. The attendant had to put in a lot of strength to ensure the cushions fit correctly while reclining the seat. Finally it went back to original position but the belt was stuck and I couldn't pull it to secure myself for the landing. I had to sit on my daughter's seat with her on my lap for the landing. I filed a complaint to Air France, I wanted to cancel my return flight to book on another airline. This is what they responded. "Thank you for your remarks concerning the special child meal you booked and your seat on your flight from Marseille to Singapore on July 10. Our staff reported that you were unhappy with your seat and inspected the seat. They found no defect or fault with the seat, for which reason I cannot issue any compensation in this case. There are no reports on our system indicating that the special child meal was not delivered. For this reason, I cannot respond favorably to your request. We look forward to serving your travel needs again in the near future and to welcoming you aboard another of our flights." 
 This was my first time flying on Air France business class product and it was nothing short of spectacular. The airplane has been in service for 21 years but extremely well-kept. The business class used on this particular aircraft was the extra legroom seats section in the very front of the aircraft, so the row had three seats, but the middle seat was not sold so it was the aisle seat and I had the window seat. The flight lasted under two hours however, the proper business cabin service was still offered. A cold towel pre-flight, and a full gourmet meal as soon as we reached cruising altitude. There is absolutely nothing to complain about, we left on time and arrived on time. Great job Air France! Merci!
 I am extremely impressed with the business class product on this international flight. The airplane has been in service for 24 years, but extremely well-kept. We had an hour delay due to a technical issue with one of the navigation instruments however Air France allowed us to stay in the terminal and not on the plane, something that I extremely appreciate. I was very disappointed, however, with fellow business class passengers for giving the crew a hard time because we were late due to the fact that they were trying to fix one of the navigational instruments. Really? You get upset because the delay is a safety issue that they are trying to fix before we take off on a 9 hour flight? Thank you Air France for ensuring that safety came first. I would have gladly waited as long as I had to! Once up in the air, the business class service was nothing short of stellar, the meals were all gourmet by a three star, Michelin Chef, the in-flight crew was warm, welcoming, personable, and genuine. I have to say that after this experience, the business class product on Air France for me, comes in at number 2. Qatar obviously still holds the 1st place for me. This airplane had been upgraded to the new business class configurations 1-2-1. I had a window seat (7A) and even though overall, I am not a big fan of the new “business class pods” industry wide, the seat was very comfortable with plenty of storage, and the entertainment options were very good. Amenity kit, headphones, a very nice pillow and duvet were also offered in business class. One thing I loved about Air France is that they give you free Wi-Fi to send text messages via ‎WhatsApp, Messenger, iMessage, and a few other messaging platforms, so you really do not need to purchase an Internet package unless you want to stream. The Internet on this flight worked from gate to gate without interruption of service. Overall, next time I go to Europe, I will most definitely have Air France on my top list. They are offering a business class product that the rest of their competitors in this market are not. Merci Air France for a safe and wonderful experience onboard! I'm a fan!
 Air France is a terrible airline with deceptive advertising and unresponsive customer service. We remain without fair compensation ($100 offered off a future flight). They made a significant change to my flight itinerary that I deem as an unfair or deceptive practice. The departing inflight entertainment service did not work for all three passengers. We were not informed until the flight was in the air, or we would have re-booked with a proper flight. Furthermore, I purchased these tickets with the promise that we would be served the menu prepared by Chef Mashama Bailey (our co-chef through the James Beard Foundation), but I received horrid food that was still frozen, not her menu or as advertised. Additionally, the staff lied numerous times when questioned if the food was vegetarian, they said yes – only to come back and inform me that they served eggs with chicken. We are strict vegetarians, which caused harm. On the return flight from Paris to JFK, again, I purchased the beauty of an Air France flight with all of its luxury and had a significant change of my flight itinerary that I deem unfair or deceptive practice to a Delta Flight. This flight lacked the services, food by Chef Mashama Bailey (or the Delta Business Class menu – we were served the economy class menu), wine, airplane, and staff that was purchased. The food, wine, flight accommodations, and staff were significant changes to the flight itinerary. This was terrible! This was my elderly mother’s last international flight, and your team should be ashamed for their lack of service, deceptive and unfair practices, while not fulfilling services purchased on this flight.
 I would like to express my dissatisfaction with my recent flight experience with Air France. Unfortunately, my trip was marked by a significant delay, inadequate accommodations, and disproportionate treatment regarding the weight of my carry-on baggage. First and foremost, my flight experienced a 2-hour delay, which resulted in a missed connecting flight at CDG to AJA and disrupted my plans. The lack of effective communication and frequent updates on the flight status only exacerbated my frustration and discomfort throughout the waiting period. Furthermore, the accommodations provided by Air France were extremely disappointing. The hotel where I was accommodated was of inferior quality, with poor conditions and lack of air conditioning. The unbearable heat made my stay even more unsatisfactory and affected my rest before continuing with the journey. Lastly, I would like to mention the excessively strict attitude regarding the weight of my carry-on baggage. I was surprised by a severe reprimand from the airline staff due to just 700 grams over the limit in my carry-on bag, even though it was the same bag I boarded with in MUC. This disproportionate approach and disrespectful treatment left me extremely disappointed with the service provided. As a customer, I expected a comfortable and professional flight experience, but unfortunately, Air France did not meet my expectations. I request that you review your customer service policies with the aim of preventing other passengers from going through similar experiences in the future. As a result of this negative experience, I categorically state that I do not intend to fly with Air France again. I hope that this situation will be treated seriously, and appropriate measures will be taken to remedy the situation.
  Definitely worst experience checking in and on boarding. I came 2 hours before the flight, they had a very long line to check in. I went to the security, and after waiting a very long time to pass, they stopped me and measured my carry on, claiming it was 2 kilos over the 12 kilo limit. They sent me back to check in my carry on bag. I went back to check in and they just closed the check in saying I cant check in the luggage. They advised me to wear as much clothes as possible and try again... Horrible experience, never again Air France.
  Forced my to pay for my small hard shell bag and never made it. No one answers or emails you, had to spend days trying get my bag with all of clothes. Air France could care less and not following up on thousands of lost bags. They should have company taking these to travelers. 
  I have flown with Air France regularly because it is the only direct flight from South Africa to France where I study. I have always been surprised by how poor the food and service are on the route I take, but my last trip took Air France's utter disregard for passengers to a new level. After the plane was in Johannesburg for a whole day (available to be inspected and to make sure that everything on the plane was working) the flight got cancelled when we were already all boarded and ready to go when the pilot announced an issue with the air conditioning system. Even though I believe this was ridiculous already given all the time they had to check the plane, the worst was yet to come. The pilot gave a very unsympathetic announcement after we were sitting on the plane for two hours already that the flight is cancelled. Nothing else. The cabin crew advised us that the ground crew will assist us. Except that there were no ground crew when we got off the plane. One lady behind an obscure desk had no idea what was going on and a gent with her merely said to all the passengers that they should sort themselves out with accommodation, food and travel to the accommodation and then claim back. If all of this was already ridiculous, the worse was yet to come: trying to process a claim is a nightmare! Air France booked me on another flight 3 days later - without any correspondence with me. If I had taken this flight I would not have been able to graduate this year as I would've missed a key class in my studies. I urgently had to book another flight via Kenya to get to France in time for my classes. The whole process was so badly done that it proofed impossible to cancel the substitute flight without cancelling my return flight as well. There was no way of contacting anybody at Air France to assist in cancelling the replacement flight, but not cancel the return flight. No way to phone or e-mail. Air France doesn't even have an office area in Johannesburg where one can ask for assistance. The website is terrible and the AI used clearly doesn't cope with anything that is not stock standard. I am still struggling to try and process my claim. I have still not managed to connect with anybody at Air France that can assist to sort out the cancelling of the replacement flight. They claim you can connect with them on Messenger or Twitter, but don't be fooled, the AI chat bot doesn't work well and the supposed operators don't contact you as promised by the chat bot. Even the African Airlines are better than Air France. The customer service on Air France is terrible and it is clear they have no intent of actually providing a decent customer experience. Not on the plane, on the ground, on their website or in Charles de Gaulle airport. I would strongly advise passengers to look for alternatives and only take Air France if that is your only option.
  Flight was on time, crew was very welcoming, no delays, meals were top notch, value for money was very high, inflight entertainment was good too. The only problems were there was no wifi onboard, the check-in line was way too slow, and legroom was kind of tight. Even though that happened we will still fly with Air France again!
  One of my worst experiences to date. Do not take this airline. I went to the airport to check in just to be told that the plane had some issues and they had changed the plane to a smaller one, which meant I was on standby with a low probability to leave. After a two hour discussion with the staff, I was rerouted to Dakar, a flight supposed to take off 3 hours after my original flight, which was also delayed by one hour.
 Absolutely terrible experience with this airline. I flew to Paris with my friend at the end of May and at the airport was informed that even though we paid and did everything correctly with the booking, for some reason tickets were not issued. They let us stay at the airport handing us a paper with contact for AF customer service, where after a longer wait they said they don’t know how to deal with the problem so they have to think about it - I guess not realizing we are under a time pressure and could miss the flight - already in pressure and missed the time we wanted to stay at the airport lounge. After some time, they came up with a solution - to pay for the tickets again, yes, double charge us (in fact it was a triple charge) and said the previous hold would be released within 3 days, which did not happen within the period of time, but in the end it did. They also did not disrespect our selected seat we had chosen in the booking and wanted us to sit separately and also let us wait the line at the counter again, even though we had already waited before and was denied because of the technical issue on their side. After this horrible experience I contacted the airline explaining what a terrible experience we had with them, however we were not asking for any compensation or refund. They replied in quite a long time saying they issued a refund. I was surprised that they actually acknowledged how much they failed, but it was sadly not the thing - for some reason they thought I was asking for a refund because of the previous hold payment, which I was not. That means they did not even read my complaint properly and after another week I received an email my refund was denied. So not even the customer service employees care about the complaints, they probably don’t even read it. This is the worst airline experience we have had so far and we have flown hundreds of flights combined. Thankfully there is a great competition in the European and world airlines market and it’s easy to avoid flying with this terrible airline, which also means avoiding their sister KLM (and whole skyteam) which have allied with this terrible company. Sorry not sorry!
  The policy "handbag + accessory less than 12 kg" can be accepted as legitimate, but what happened because of its infraction was too harsh. If you go over even 2kg, as in my case, you cannot pay for extra weight. You have to pay 60 euros for hold baggage, and that means that you have to use the machine and then hold the line to load the hold baggage. (Ironically, since my bag was 10kg, less than 12kg, they asked me if I wanted to carry it to the check in). The line got very long, between the weighting line, the hold line, and the check in line, and I almost lost the boarding time. They could just let me pay for my 2 kg extra on the place, and it would have been a normal process. Next time I will try to avoid Air France.
  This airline is a joke. They cancelled my flight and didn’t give any notice until hours before. They put me and my boyfriend on different flights home despite me being a young girl who is scared to travel alone. They are all full of attitude and are so unhelpful. I have never met such lifeless and cruel humans in my life before coming across their employees. When I explained to them that the flight they put me on would cause me to miss my university graduation, they laughed. Their chat is even more of a joke. They don’t even read what you say. Don’t fly with this airline unless you want to be treated without any respect. Their food also smells as bad as their employees.
  First a comment about Premium Economy on Air France. It's a joke. I could have been just a uncomfortable in Economy for several hundred dollars less. Food service was indistinguishable from economy. The seat was a bit wider but only reclined two inches. The space under the seat in front of me where I would have liked to stretch my knee-replacement legs was bisected by the legs supporting the seat. The foot rest and leg support were no help. Cabin service first round was a 6 ounce cup of Coke with no ice. Next cabin service came seven hours later. Same thing. So much for Premium Economy. The real treat came when we arrived on Monday May 29 in Naples, Italy. Our baggage failed to make the trip. So we stood at the baggage claim office in line for an hour to get what is called a "Property Irregularity Report." Meanwhile the driver who came to pick us up to drive us to Sorrento more than an hour away gave up on us and left. It took an international phone call to get him to return. We stayed in Sorrento until the morning of June 2 when we left for Rome. Our baggage finally arrived at the hotel 5 PM the night before we left. Four days without baggage. Air France did send an email with an apology for the inconvenience and admitted they were at fault for taking so long to return the bags. However the was no mention of anything that they would do to compensate for our "inconvenience." Be careful when booking with Delta for international travel as they are cross listed with AF for many flights.
 This review pertains to their customer service when something goes wrong. They cancelled one of my flights. I had to scramble and take a train because I had all my vacation plans settled. I immediately filled out their forms while still in France. I spent two weeks of long hold times trying to get them on the phone. When I did, they made me fill out another form. I followed up using their messenger system which is a joke. It takes them 2 or 3 days to respond so the back and for of explanations takes forever. Messenger said it was refunded but couldn't tell a date or amount. I called again and they said it would take at least until July. This is absolutely ridiculous!
 Would definitely never fly again with Air France or Delta. 1) I got my ticket from Delta and upgraded later to Premium Economy. The email I got from Delta says that my second checked luggage is free from JFK to IST (see attached photo). Air France ground crew at JFK said that it is free only for JFK to CDG and that I had to pay for CDG to IST although my bags were going directly to IST after checking in. Delta should have informed better as their email was grossly misleading. 2) My Premium Economy seat footrest was broken. It was basically not there so probably people who sat at this seat put their feet on the back pocket of the seat in-front of me so that was also broken (see attached photo). For an upgraded seat that I paid extra for it was uncomfortable and not worth it. A cabin crew member came later and told me they will send me a discount coupon of 45 euros on my next flight ticket with Air France and that is the only thing that they can do. 3) On both ways in CDG transfer while going to the US and coming back from the US and flying to IST there is a security control with long lines. Getting just out of one flight trying to catch another and you are again stuck with a security control. Overall I am very unhappy with my choices and would probably never fly again with Air France or Delta. And probably direct flight from Turkey to US would be better because the CDG is also not very entertaining and has very little options due to terminals/gates in terms of services, shops, food and lounges. These tickets are not cheap even if they are not upgraded and still the service and aircraft are not up to the standards. And when you upgrade and pay extra hoping that you will get some rest and sleep the seats don’t function as per my case.
  After years of improvement, Air France is reborn in quality. Very poor food. Seat pitch on long haul is very poor but very good entertainment service, and very good lounge for those who have access. I was a great defender of Air France for years, I am much less. Après des années d’amélioration, Air France renaisse en qualité Nourriture très insuffisante Personnel autain Le pitch des sièges sur le long courrier est très insuffisant Mais très bon service de divertissement et très bon lounge pour ceux qui y ont accès J’étais un grand défenseur d’Air France depuis des années, je le suis beaucoup moins
  Personnel attitude make the difference. On the way to Paris (see previous review) , everything went smoothly. Not on the way back. One of the rudest boarding I faced. Unpolite staff. No smile, no education. It seemed that we were bothering the two ladies. We entered the aircraft at a high level of stress. Turbulences and stress cockpit did not help then.
  Very quick check-in, boarding, flight and luggage delivery. Free coffee and soft drinks as well as a nice madeleine. Smiling employees everywhere. Perfect option for the route
  I was very happy with my overall experience. Staff was super helpful at the airport, not to mention the friendliness of the crew and captains onboard. On most airlines, the crew are either super salty or sickly sweet, and I would say this one was friendly and professional with authenticity. Flight was on time, arrived at CDG early, and all of our baggage made it to our final destination. I've flown with most airlines at this point, as I'm American and have to fly back home often to see family. I've had so many bad experiences with things not working properly, rude staff, unwillingness to help, unexplained cancellations, lost baggage, etc. This is one of the best flights I've been on. Spend a little extra to have the AF / Delta experience.
 I had a tight connection in Paris and knowing AF's tendency to lose luggage, I took a normal carry on bag. The guy weighing the bag was a real jerk and forced me to go check the bag. One would think that a simple one way flight without any connection would be easy enough, but apparently not. They are still searching for my bag; the problem is probably further compounded by the fact that the gate agent put somebody else's name on it. I am never flying Air France again - this was the final straw after many bad experiences and screw ups
  Problems encountered during my trip on flight AF655 on April 14th from Dubai to Paris. Due to the health issues of the captain we had to make an emergency landing in Vienna, where we were disembarked by bus at Terminal 3 around 4 am. Upon arriving at the terminal an airport employee told us to go to the Air France counter at Terminal 1. At the counter, the hostess told us to go back to Terminal 3, where an Air France hostess would assist us. So we returned to Terminal 3 (after spending over an hour queuing at security) to once again find no Air France representative. I called Air France customer service multiple times, asking to be transferred to another flight (there were over 6 Vienna-Paris flights in the morning, including 3 Air France flights with available seats, as I checked on the internet). After being told that a seat was being reserved for me on the 10:05 a.m. flight, I was later informed that it was no longer possible but that I would be called back. I never received a call back, and despite my reminders, no solution or alternative was ever offered to me, nor was I kept informed. I spent over 10 hours in Terminal 3 during which time I was never contacted or met with an Air France representative, and I was never kept informed about the progress in resolving the issue. Five days later, I received a generic letter from Air France with vague apologies, congratulating themselves for doing their best to resolve the problem and minimize its impact on passengers. 
  We traveled with Air France and had nothing but issues. We had a cracked screen in row 12L. The USB port was damaged and the Wi-Fi for the flight did not work. We landed in Boston on the evening of 15th May and waited for baggage claim only to not see our luggage. Staff told us to scan a QR code and fill it out. This is not customer service nor what they get paid to do.  Our luggage is still missing. 
  We flew Air France to San Jose via Paris for a 2 week holiday returning on May 5th The in flight service was terrible with poor food and the crew did not come round to offer soft drinks or water. On our return flight the pilot announced that the plane was “too heavy” to take off so he offloaded all the luggage and told us that representatives would be available to help us in Paris. We arrived 4 hours late and so missed a connecting flight to Manchester. They knew nothing about the luggage and accused me of lying when I said that our bags had been offloaded. 5 days later our suitcases have still not arrived and Air France seem reluctant to process my claim. They are difficult to contact and have now asked me to list every item in my suitcase (who knows that?).
 I was not able to take this flight. I canceled and they told me because my flight was non-refundable that they would give me a credit. What they FAILED to mention was that if I accepted the taxes back from the flight, it would WIPE OUT THE CREDIT! So I lost $1800.00USD. I called and spoke to their customer service department. I was disconnected several times, dealt with people whom couldn't connect me with a supervisor, and in one instance dealt with an EXTREMELY RUDE individual who told me to go to the website and complain. I will NEVER FLY with this company EVER!!!
  Will definitely fly again with them. Very professional cabin crew, very comfortable seats, clean aircraft / bathrooms, wifi poor. Very delicious meal had gluten-free chips which was impressive, ground service was poor. Very excellent value for money, very good entertainment system.
  All crew members were nice, good flight, no complaint there. The seats are not comfortable. The entertainment system is very poor in terms of choices and quality. Almost 1/4 of the headphones in our sector were broken. The table tray unstable. According to the wine list, we were supposed to have an aperitif. Forget it, the seat belt was on until they came with the meal. The dish labelled "beef" contained a sort of strong turkey, the potatoes not cooked enough. My wife choose vegetarian gratin - what you see is what you get. And you are supposed to cut these using wood cutlery.  For breakfast, too much sugar and a wrap with mashed meat including peppers. Nice with a coffee. You will not see me again, well done.
  We booked business class with 1x2x1 seat configuration with flatbed in a B777 from Paris to Johannesburg and back. On the outbound flight, AF changed the plane (B777 with other cabin configuration) 10 hours before departure and we were downgraded to premium Economy, because there were not enough seats in the business. On the return flight the plane also was changed (B777 with other cabin configuration) and we flew in a very old and narrow business class with 2x3x2 configuration and no flatbed. This is not fair business. We did absolutely not get what we paid for. 
  Full flight, delayed departure due to strike, arrived almost on time though. Seat was a bit small due to 2-2-2 arrangement which is a little bit inappropriate for this type of aircraft. Service was exceptional, the attitude of the cabin crew seems to be the strength of Air France. Food was excellent, signature of known chefs.
  Flight on time, last minute gate change to one at the periphery of Budapest airport. Lounge too small for so many customers, not comfortable. The service in the airplane itself was excellent, very professional cabin crew, customer-orientated, food was delicious. Seat was uncomfortable though (normal Economy with empty middle seat). Mixed experience overall.
  Punctual, good service with a cookie and drinks on this short 55 min flight. Flying on the 70 seater E170 made this flight less stressful, recommended
 The most disgusting service I have ever taken. They charged $150 for 3 kgs extra without allowing me to change the staff to my cabin one. I asked for a refund hoping there will be some understandable humans behind the desk but they refused even that. A total disgrace and disappointment. Please people if you ever can avoid. They are over priced, no empathy, not understandable, scammers. Just avoid please.
  My first long haul flight since COVID. It was a pleasure to travel business class with Air France. The cabin layout is 1-2-1 which was excellent. Service was impeccable as expected with them. Had a choice to pre-order your preferred meal before take-off. Seat was comfortable and good entertainment on board. My only surprise was that guava juice was not available, something that was unexpected considering this is a very popular drink in Guadeloupe.
  Avoid AF if at all possible. Arrogant & rude cabin crew and the worst food I’ve ever received in the class of flight. Starting point was the cabin wasn’t fully ready even when the aircraft doors were closed ready for push back. Finally offered a welcome drink and I requested a Perrier Water but it never arrived and was later informed that, on the French national carrier, there wasn’t any. Dinner arrived and was so poor in terms of quality that I opted for some packet biscuits & chocolate. Wouldn’t have said no to some crisps but guess what - there were none. Took for ever to get a cup of mint tea after the ‘dinner’ service as all bar one of the crew disappeared. The best that can be said about the breakfast meal is that at least the fruit was edible - just. At least the seat became a full flat bed but my advice is avoid Air France.
  I booked 3 seats next to one another and then AF changed aircraft. They split us up and the website is useless - I couldn’t even pay to have us sitting together. The support told me to sort it out at the airport. What a joke - the staff are arrogant and unhelpful and all my planning went out the window. I would not recommend anyone to fly AF if this is the way they treat their paying customers. If there is an alternative - rather take it!
 Two short hops with this full service airline providing indeed full service during flights. Nice to see AF not only claims to be full service, but also commits to it. On both flights drink service with little snack/sandwich. Pleasant crew and easy transfer in terminal 2G at CDG.
  Disappointing flight. A very old Boeing 777, seat configuration 2-3-2 in Business. Champagne and wine were nothing special. Food was the worst I had on a flight, my beef was overdone,  vegetables tasteless and cheese had supermarket quality! We arrived punctually and the crew was very friendly.
  CDG terminal 2E, whilst spacious and clean, has a poor selection of food options, and expect to be subject to the slowest passport checks. Last call was announced before any passengers had boarded. The hidden queue had everyone standing in the air bridge for 45 minutes. Then once we finally all got seated we then sat on the gate for 1.5 hours to get an air traffic slot. No substance or apology.
  Flew to San Jose Costa Rica via CDG. London flight departed late so made the connection through CDG challenging as had to go through security check again which was very slow. We went straight to gate and boarded the A350. Welcome on board drinks were offered before an on time departure. Menu with choices was offered - I was in row 7 and by time I was reached 2 out of 4 dishes were no longer available. Nice selection of wines. What surprised myself and my wife was the condition of the cabin - scratched surfaces and loose panels and poor for such a new aircraft. Pre landing meal offered to mewas nothing special. Wifi was not working and selection of films was limited. 
 Very excellent cabin crew flight on time seats were comfortable. Food was good had gluten free chips which I was impressed about. WiFi was ok. Ground service was ok because the line to check-in was really long and they almost made us miss our flight but we went into a different line to prevent that.
  I booked a last minute through Air France from Vancouver to Amsterdam via MSP. it was a last minute decision to take this vacation for a 5 day European getaway. While my flight got cancelled because of the snow storm in MSP, I really appreciated how proactive Air France/KLM was in cancelling the flight from MSP to AMS as the cancellation came 30 hours before the flight. Getting a refund was swift and the customer service agent on the phone was polite and a real pleasure to deal with.
  Boarding was done efficiently with Sky Priority/Business passengers allowed on first. It was a nearly-new A350 and looked immaculate. We were greeted by enthusiastic cabin crew and shown to our seats. I have always taken the view that there is always at least one thing wrong with any business seat but not on this occasion. It was extremely well designed with an excellent screen, solid table, privacy, ample storage spaces and the ability to locate switches and power points without searching too hard. We were offered a glass of champagne, juice or water before takeoff and given a very impressively comprehensive menu. I had pre-ordered the fish and it was incredibly tasty and excellently served by the cabin crew. I chose the delicious Chablis which seems to work well at altitude. It is an overnight flight and after the meal lights were dimmed. Although it was a flat bed seat I always believed that one sleeps better if it is at a slight angle – especially as aircraft never fly exactly horizontally. Despite only a blanket and pillow I had one of the most comfortable nights ever on an aircraft. I was awoken from breakfast and shown the omelette. This, I knew, never works that well but it was still tasty and accompanied by bread and fruit. Throughout the flight the cabin crew were absolutely excellent. Every request was answered and they were friendly, funny at times, very French (of course) and a credit to the airline. I have been flying regularly since I was four years old and this was easily one of my best experiences – well up to the standard pioneered by the Middle East airlines.
  AF 072 flight from Paris Charles de Gaulle to LAX. US passport holders have an extra long line to weigh their baggage. The person weighing the baggage before this flight asked the passenger ahead of me in line to weigh her bags. When the bag was lower than the allowed weight, he asked her to put her shawl and jacket onto the scale. Then he shouted out ‘It is overweight, go and pay 100$ and check it in’.  I went twice through the line, after removing and throwing away some of my luggage the first time. The second time, he put a red tag and asked me to pay excess baggage. There were some people around the corner, who were in conversation with this person weighing the bags in French. They asked me for cash and told me I had to pay there to get my baggage on the plane. I gave them cash, and a woman then took me to a long line and left me with some strangers saying they will take me in with the luggage. I soon realized this was the line for Business class and I was on the wrong line. By the time I went to the baggage counter to pay for extra luggage, it was too late to check-in my bag as the time for that had lapsed. So they made me throw away most of my luggage to make it a carry-on. The next flight was only two hours away. They could have easily checked me into the next flight if they were only willing to be a little helpful.
  Short 1 hour flight that's perfect for people not looking for extreme budget options. Despite the relatively dated cabin interior (the plane took its first flight in 1999 according to a quick registration lookup), Air France more than makes up for it in convenience of a complimentary drink service (more than just water, but with hot and cold beverages), as well as some cookies as a snack. In addition compared to more budget options such as easyjet, AF's usage of jet bridges and the main CDG airport in Paris makes the journey overall much more convenient, as long as you don't mind spending a little more than budget offerings.
  I booked premium economy because I have knee problems. The seats are just OK (shell type that slides down but not built for a person over 6 feet), and the food is the same as economy, although it was the best fish I ever had on a plane. Overall, a very decent product, and the flight was on time. They lost my luggage, so I did not have winter clothing as it was summer in South Africa. I bought what I needed for €240 and Air France reimbursed me within 10 days. Overall, very satisfied and impressed by the no fuzz reimbursement.
  On time, in a quite comfortable seat in a duo at the back, with a wonderful clear window view, and a very informative real-time flight map. I was very lucky to book early, and paid a pittance while prices were on the floor, so good VFM. Air France is in reality operated as a budget airline, because, unlike Airasia et al, they don't sell tasty food on board. So my advice is bring a substantial picnic because, after an early lunch, you will get nothing to eat for 9 hours.  The hapless staff have nothing to offer, other than a friendly giggle or a rude dismissive shrug. Bring your own music and movies, unless you like French stuff. Don't ask cabin crew for your connection gate number, they have no interest in helping you
 Flight was two hours late leaving Lome. At check-in, I encountered the most grim looking row of agents I'd ever seen. I understand they had to stay at work longer due to the delayed flight, but that isn't my fault and I expect some smiles and basic courtesy when checking in, particularly on a costly business class ticket. After completing check-in, I noticed that my bag tag was completely illegible because the printer was running out of ink. I returned to the check-in counter where I approached an agent who appeared to be lead agent on duty that night. I asked him in French if my bag tag can please be reprinted as it was unreadable. He started yelling at me (in French), "Who did you see when you checked in...go to that person". I stopped all proceedings and firmly responded, "Why are you speaking to me like that!?". He then told me curtly that the bag had already been sent for loading onto the aircraft. I told him that I was well aware of how the baggage system works, but I had simply asked if my bag tag could be reprinted. He continued to give me rude responses, at which point I told him to go into the system and find my baggage tag number and write it legibly on my boarding pass. I then went to the Air France station manager's office and complained. Shameful treatment of a high revenue passenger. Flights were fine. Air France lounges in Paris should stock non-alcoholic beer.  Food on Paris-Washington flight way overcooked -- dried out and unappealing appearance. Crew was very attentive, however.
  A bad experience with Air France. During a 9-hour flight, I waited for an hour for a glass of water. During the connection flight, they remain without sandwiches. It is incredible that Air France has such a small standard.
  My business class flight fell well short of a four star carrier. The reasons for this were that pre departure drink glasses were left on the central arm rest during the take off from Bangkok, I had to hold mine down during take off. The cabin crew raced through the lunch service just after take off, then after this service the cabin crew closed the window blinds and I never saw them again until the second meal service, not once did they come around asking passengers if they wanted anything. The food quality was also poor. All take off and landing announcements from the cockpit were in French, not in English. The cabin crew manager talked to French passengers but never once spoke to me once during the flight. The 2-2-2 layout is outdated and was awful but that was my fault for choosing that specific flight. The second meal service was served too late before landing, so again it was rushed. The overall experience was very poor and I won't be in a rush to try it again.
  I was taking a full-priced Delta ATL-JFK-LIS flight on January 10, 2023. Unfortunately my ATL-JFK flight was delayed, which would cause me to miss the connecting flight to LIS. Delta re-routed me ATL-CDG-LIS via partnership with Air France, and give me an upgrade to "Business" (due to the equivalent class was not available, but the "Business" still shows availability.) At the gate, Air France counter person insulted me: "You have only paid $300 and want to fly Business"? I was trying to inquire if she was looking at my ATL to JFK portion of fare as I actually paid 3 times as much for my round trip. After she downgraded me and issued my ATL-CDG boarding pass, I requested the second portion (CDG-LIS), and told her I wanted to see a manager. She yelled at me: "I am the manager!" when I requested to see her badge (as she was wearing her badge front side inward), she replied: "You cannot see my badge." When I insisted, she said: "I am deboarding you now!" and she did knock on the keyboard to start the deboarding! At this time, a Delta counter person printed out CDG-LIS boarding pass for me. The nightmare continued in CDG when I was told I was not in Air France systems, so I cannot fly to LIS. However, the lady at CDG counter immediately escalated and resolved the situation. What a sharp contrast between the two employees from the same company! The Air France counter person in Atlanta (I still do not know her name) was rude and was all "snappy" and "powerful" when dealing with customers. The moment she said "I am deboarding you now!" I knew I was not talking to a normal person. While waiting to be boarded, a few other Delta passengers complained that she also charged them luggage fees - ignoring Delta policies. "I am deboarding you now!" was the last nail on the coffin, goodbye Air France! No one flies just for fun, we have destinations, schedules, people to meet and things to do. I can accept Delta's delay but the power trip of deboarding at Air France must be stopped!
  The plane was spotless and very well maintained. The service was very elegant and welcoming. Food was almost as good as in a good restaurant. I felt very welcomed on board. I will fly AF in C again for sure. It was a wonderful flight.
  Bad experience with special meals on board, it was not possible to change them on website or app and we had normal meal but we were not able to eat anything because we are allergic to dairies. Fortunately the cabin crew tried to help with some bread and side dishes. Contacting their help 24 hours before the flight was not useful at all.
  Flown with Air France many times over the last 20-30 years. This flight was just a highlight about why we use Air France whenever possible. Cabin crew are very friendly, happy to have a conversation and make you feel very safe and comfortable on the flight. Short haul food is very good, and a wide range of free drinks including wine available to economy passengers is great. Luggage policies are very reasonable and it doesn’t cost much to add on extra bags or suitcases. Boarding was very efficient and both our flights were on-time. Highly recommend using AF, customer service is outstanding.
  HAM to CDG and return. Two short hops of 70 min each. Purchasing ticket and options via AF app was a breeze. Same for online check in. All was easy, clear and working well. At both airports I used self-serviced bag drop-off. You come to the unmanned kiosk, scan your boarding pass, then it prints your bag tag, you attach it to a bag, place the bag on the belt, scan the tag and your bag is checked. At both stations it didn’t take me more than 3 minutes with zero queuing time. At the same time queuing to normal check in desks would have taken good 20 minutes (also quite bearable if you arrive on time). My first flight was delayed by 1 hour. The delay was managed perfectly. Push notification and email on the mobile phone with new estimated boarding time and gate number, instant update of the boarding pass via app and proper announcement at the gate. Inflight information on missed and rescheduled connections was sufficient and clear. In the air they have managed to serve small snack with round if drinks (tea, coffee, soda, beer, wine). I purchased inflight internet access. The price was ok, speed was fine for browsing websites. If you need just messaging you can get a free plan for the whole duration of your flight. Cabin was clean and fresh (brand new A220) with reasonable comfort. On the way back it was HOP (regional subsidiary of AF) with older E190. Embraer fleet have no onboard internet access, but otherwise they are more comfortable with wider seats and more legroom. Service standard was identical to AF mainline with super friendly and professional crews. HOP flights use 2G terminal at CDG which is a small regional terminal located afar from the main area where all big terminals are. It requires a separate bus ride in addition to rail or bus city link, so mind it and allow extra 20 minutes if you’re leaving from there. On my flight to Paris baggage was on the belt within 30 minutes after disembarkation, when in Hamburg it took around 20 minutes to deliver bags.
  Customer service on the phone were both incompetent and rude. Took 4 days of being told to call back in 24h and receiving no help. Every person we spoke to at the check in desk and ticketing sales was nasty. Air France customer service at LAX is awful, one older French woman at ticketing sales was aggressive in her rudeness. My partner and I will never fly Air France again, it was such an upsetting experience considering how much we paid.
  Our baggage did not make the destination airport. Air France told me initially that I will get them the day after (today) - which I have been told is no longer the case, right now I already expect them tomorrow. I live in the Czech Republic and I have spent 1 month in Spain. I had to take casual and business clothes with me, as well as gym clothes. As a consequence, I do not have clothes to work tomorrow, neither for my gym session. Additionally, I have my winter jacket in the missing baggage. Being in Prague and being in winter, I can not go anywhere without it. For this reason, I am going to buy at least some business clothes and gym clothes so I can make it through the day tomorrow. Air France does not want to compensate for any of the costs involved on this as they say I have a permanent, and not a temporary address. I do not care what the policy say, this is going to cost me money and make me waste time. Being such a well known company, I trusted Air France. The whole experience of missing a baggage starts on the airport, where you are waiting for longer as your bags do not come. Then filling all the paperwork on the baggage claim desk. Afterwards, having to call the company and waiting for customer service to answer so you can get to follow up your case with disappointment to hear that it is not going to make it on the right time. Followed by wasting time shopping things that you already have. How is possible that a customer can not be compensated for such a cost, waste of time, and bad experience?
  I arrived to Palma de Mallorca, Spain from San Francisco, California on September 23rd, 2022. I filed my missing baggage claim on the 30th of September, 2022 and presented receipts for some of the articles I had replaced within that time frame between my arrival and my request for compensation. I was awarded the money compensation I applied for and the Air France Customer Care Assistance said they would have the money wired to my bank account over the next several weeks. I haven't seen a penny of the compensation. I called Air France Spain yesterday and the representative reopened the claim for investigation into whether or not the payment was initiated or not or if I may need to provide additional bank account information. Instead of further investigation or engagement with me, I received and email stating that the claim was handled "correctly" and that no further correspondence with me would be continued based on this topic. So, in the end, I have received no compensation I was told I would receive and no follow-up was even considered. Now, I will turn to contacting their customer service via social media to see if I shall get a different result. Unfortunately, according to the email, it was one representative navigating my claim this entire time with no option to speak to the person directly in charge of discharging financial compensation. Be careful with your items with Air France and I recommend keeping more of your valuables and preferred clothing in your carry on bag. I lost a lot more than I can afford to replace on my Spanish income. I would share screenshots of the email in question but it is forbidden. 
  The plane was nice. IFE was pretty good. The main meal was decent but the second meal was a small snack delivered in a small bag. The staff in the plane from Chicago to Paris was not very friendly. The staff in the way back from Paris to Chicago was very kind and helpful. Big difference. Lastly, my checked bag didn't make it to Chicago. The staff at Chicago didn't really want to help me. One spent a few moments trying to register a claim, gave up, handed me a card with instructions and walked away. I tried someone else about 15 minutes later, while she was not happy to help, she did complete the claim for me which I appreciated. The bag was delivered to my door, 200 miles from the airport, the next day was was great. I would fly Air France again.
  The Manchester to Paris segment was very average with a very poor seat pitch but for a 1hr 20 min flight I could grin and bear it. However the Paris to Bangkok segment was excellent on all counts. The service provided by Aurelie Luche was outstanding, professional and ever so efficient and friendly. The food for the 11hour and twenty minute flight was plentiful and tasty. The overall comfort of the seat was not that outstanding but I have to say that what was my first flight with Air France it certainly won't be my last. Well done to the crew, especially to Aurelie.
  Glitch with agent put me in regular window seat, instead of paid exit row. Although plane was near capacity, flight attendant went to great lengths to find me an aisle seat and overhead space for camera equipment. Just after take off, one of my ear buds became dislodged and fell to floor. I was not able to find it for duration of flight. After everyone else deplaned, I searched to no avail, and was about to quit the search. 3 flight attendants joined the search, and one of them found missing ear bud 4 rows behind my row. The pair retails for $250! I thanked her profusely, and offered to send her a photo gift. I hope she replies. This flight crew was very professional, positive and engaging.
  Wonderful flight. Extremely professional crew and delicious food. I didn't love the seat and found it a bit narrow compared to others, but didn't detract from the experience. Would recommend.
 A good return trip to PUJ in the Caribbean with AF from CDG. They have a very solid product. Good quality food -two services - and even champagne in economy which is a great classy touch. Cabin crew were immaculately presented on both legs and friendly and highly professional. Additional drinks on demand. IFE is not to my taste but I am not a big user of IFE. If there was any fault it would be the numerous announcements in English, French and Spanish which was a bit much. Also lights a bit bright at other times. Baggage handling and check in fine on both legs. A good solid product from a classic legacy carrier.
  Air France business class lounge in Zanzibar is non-existent! Air France in Zanzibar does not have a contract for its passengers to use the Business Class lounge so even if you have paid for a business class ticket, to use the lounge in Zanzibar airport, you will be told to pay USD $30. Air France knows that their business class passengers will not be able to use the lounge and they make sure not to advise passengers. You will make the discovery when you attempt to enter the lounge. When I contacted Air France for a refund, they told me that they are not responsible for business lounges outside of France! That’s called collecting money under false pretences!  I went online to request my gluten-free meal. I called Air France twice to confirm that the meals had been ordered. However, on the 8 hour flight from Paris to Miami, Air France forgot to provide a gluten free meal. So I enjoyed nuts and juices for the 8-hour flight. When I contacted Air France, they told me that they were sorry. No compensation for their error. The moral of the story - if you need a gluten-free meal in business class, take your meal on board with you! That's after you pay the business class fare of $3200!
 Nice short trip on time. We were even served a sandwich and drink on a 45 min flight. Outstanding: due to train delay I arrived at airport just 40 min before flight. Pulled me through first and even baggage arrived.
  Our flight in June 2022 was already late, and once in the plane and already moving on the ground in order to take-off, the crew detected a fuel leak,o we had to "pass by technical control", while remaining in the plane. After having waited 1 hour in the aircraft with an obviously upset crew, they finally told us that this aircraft could not fly and that we have to wait in the airport for another aircraft to continue our journey. After waiting 2 hours in a very limited area, Air France announces that we can eventually not depart "as we will land in Pointe-à-Pitre too late because there is a curfew". So we have to move in the main lobby to pre-check-in for the next day, but we have to wait again as they don't know from which airport in Paris we have to leave the following day. So the desk remains closed. It's already been 5 hours since the trouble started, and at last they provide us with a bottle of water. Nothing before. Everyone is getting very upset with the situation and waiting for Air France to organize our unexpected night in Paris, to finally hear : "We will not take care of your accomodation and transportation, please make your own plans, we will reimburse you afterwards". The flight was in June, nothing has been reimbursed so far, and not even my request has been answered by October. 
  Air France Business Class Mauritius to Paris Boeing 777. Recent seats and good food but got the impression that the cabin crew forgot me. Meal selection was limited, forgot to serve me dessert. When asked it was served on the table without table cloth without any napkin. When asking for a napkin, I was given a large table cloth. For breakfast had to use the call button a few times to get an orange juice and another tea. Travelling is not only about cabin product seats and meals, you need to feel welcomed and pampered. This was not the case for Air France crew on this flight.
  One of the most comfortable Premium Economy seats. Brand new aircraft. Flights on time both outbound and inbound. Onboard staff very courteous and professional. Onboard Wi-Fi probably the best connection I have experienced in the air. The only downsize is the food. So far the worse even compared to an average economy class. Food was disappointing. If not for the food I would have voted 10/10.
  I will never fly Air France again and urge you not to if you have a choice. For reference, I previously worked for an airline, so I am very familiar with flying. First, for our first short flight our Viking Cruise got us to the airport 4 hours early (this was not Air France's fault), but Air France didn't open their ticket counter for another two plus hours, so we couldn't check in and had to sit with our bags in ticketing for a long time. On the long leg of our trip, the 8.5 hour flight, we didn't leave until about 30 minutes late (we were sitting on the plane) and then they didn't tell us until we'd already taken off that we wouldn't have internet for the flight. I did not pay 5k for my seat to not be able to contact my pet sitter or download a book for 9 hours. The also didn't have internet on a short leg on our way to Barcelona.
  We got to CDG airport 3 hours before departure, and we had to run to catch the flight. Long lines, some counters were closed while the ground staff was chatting, no sense of urgency from anyone. The supervisor was less helpful than the others. When we landed at LAX, we didn't find our luggage, and AF personnel had no idea of where it was. It was left in front of the house door the following day without even ringing the bell. We found the bag broken and unrepairable and AF only reimbursed us for 15% of the value for a new bag, with no explanation. 
  They have cancelled the flight 15 minutes before departure. They have booked me another flight without asking about my preferences at >than 48 h after the original one. After spending a lot of time listening to their music while waiting for someone to pick up the phone in Customer Care, they hung up the phone in the middle of my question without providing useful information. They seemed very bothered by the fact that I could have used some help.
  We (a family of 4) made a trip to Hamburg in early July and had a stop in Paris. Our first flight had a 2 1/2 hour delay so we couldn’t catch our connection flight. In Paris we spend over 2 hours to find someone feeling responsible for getting us on a new flight. On one of the biggest International Airports in Europe! After a delay of 6 hours we finally arrived in Hamburg, where we recognized that all our 5 Baggage pieces went missing. We immediately made an AHL Report and headed to our Vacation home without any clothes. We made necessity purchases over the 17 day vacation because our baggage still was nowhere to be found. I made a Claim on the Air France Website for those necessity purchases on day 14 of the vacation. After 21 days I made a claim for lost baggage because the baggage still hasn’t arrived. After 28 days 3 of 5 baggages arrived at our home. The remaining 2 haven’t arrived now for over 3 months. The customer Support took forever to just answer and asking simple questions about data that already has been send over and hasn’t paid any compensation yet. They write mails in which they said you have been on a totally wrong flight on a wrong date. For example they wrote we have been on a flight from Paris to Havana on October 11. Somehow they even closed the claim for the missing baggage although 2 pieces are still missing and on the date of the claim 3 pieces have been already missing for over 21 days. Their Website states that after 21 days you’re baggage is supposed to be lost and you are qualified for a compensation.  Never again Air France, worst experience ever.
  I had tried to upgrade from economy to premium economy online, but there was no availability. When I was already seating while the plane was about to leave, the flight attendant came to ask if I still wanted to move to premium economy and pay with my miles. This was a pleasant surprise and I enjoyed the extra space on this long night flight. The premium economy seat was comfortable and the service friendly.
 An unreliable company, with careless customer service. My flight was permanently further delayed with nonsense announcements, culminating when Air France App claimed at 6h07 pm the flight was scheduled to leave at 5h15pm (see picture)! We finally left with 2h delay (for a 1h flight). No WiFi on board contrary to what was advertised before the flight and even on board. The cabin crew was unapologetic. No way to work or inform business partners at MPL of my scheduled arrival time. In-flight "business" meal consisted of nuts, one cookie, and a drink. I don't see the difference with "economy". Finally arrived starved, late, having lost my business day. Despite Platinum loyalty status and flying business class, all this was considered not worth any compensation by AF customer service. I regret not having traveled by train.
  I was very fortunate to fly business with Air France, first Toronto to Paris, after being bumped by WestJet, and taking a flight a few hours later, which was excellent. Then even better was my flight Paris to Vancouver, with the lovely and very efficient flight attendant. I felt her performance alone deserved attention for how special it was. The food and wine was extraordinary, no request was too much, and I enjoyed getting to try to converse in French. I don’t write a lot of reviews, and I usually travel Star Alliance, but for Air France, I’ll gladly make exceptions going forward! I will see Air France in business again in April, to Paris and Lisbon, I cant wait! 
  Very Smooth flight. Seat space is very comfortable for economy, 81 cm much more than others offer. Good entertaining and nice crew. Free champagne and a nice dinner with several courses free wines and a pre landing snack. Only the snack was bad and only dry bread. Delay one hour but arrived on time. Would fly Air France again.
 New York to Stuttgart via Paris. I had a bad experience, on my flight from New York to Paris. Firstly everything was so uncoordinated, the flight got delayed, even the staff from the plane wasn’t in yet even though the boarding would be in 5 minutes. While we was flying there were many inconveniences. First the AC was so cold that I froze the whole time, secondly we flew at night (0:30) and people wanted to sleep but the lights from the airplane were fully on. It was a longer flight but we didn’t receive much to eat and when they came by with water, tea, coffee they didn’t asked me, just a few passengers.
 We had the best flight attendants. They were lovely. Very attentive to the passengers, very friendly. We were on flight 338 on September 29 leaving Paris to Seattle at 14:15.
 London to Dubai via Paris. After being unable to make my journey and trying to rebook my ticket the customer service has been utterly terrible. They wouldn't offer a refund, instead offered to rebook and call back once the fees were calculated within 48hrs. This never happened, and when trying to check my flight details on the app and found there was nothing there - I called them back and was told my £825 ticket was cancelled. I have spent many days talking to various people over the phone having no clue, but at the same time scared to summon one of their supervisors who are always 'in a meeting' - it's been a month now. They now refuse to do anything about my tickets, constantly hanging up without offering any resolve, the outsourced call centre obviously doesn't care for the reputation of the Airline. I have never had this bad customer service with any airline regarding cancellations and rebooking/changing of a flight and I've been travelling to medical conferences and meetings for 50+ years. Unless you really have to, I would avoid this airline like the plague (I only took this airline based on my daughter's word and recent travel), they do not care for your custom, they don't even have any Air-France staff at the check-in desks in Heathrow.
  Flights cancelled at short notice, no rebooking options, no compensation. I had to buy a new ticket and it took them over 2 months to refund the previous one. Aircrafts were fine, service was standard for long haul. 3 pieces of luggage delayed for 75 days, no information from their customer service, hard to reach and rude. Worst experience with an airline, they'll never see me again.
  Air France has been improving recently even if I already enjoyed flying this Airline,. CDG could be a small downside for a few people but I've always loved it, even though everything might take a few more minutes, I have always like it because it's beautiful!
  The airline sold me a ticket, changing in Paris, but left nowhere near enough time to get through security and run across the airport. It was pretty humiliating, and the staff were incredibly rude. When I complained about it, the customer service lady threatened to cancel my return ticket and actually dismissed me with a 'dusting off her hands' motion. They have completely ignored my request for a refund (it left me £233 out of pocket and with a ruined trip. It took all day just to get home).
  My original flight had mechanical problems while in flight, so we diverted to Milan and endured hours of delay in getting to our final destination of New York-JFK. It was an awful ordeal. I submitted a delay compensation request back in January, and they finally approved it in September (more than 8 months to process!), but only for one of the two passengers in the reservation. I supplied them with all of the documentation they requested for both passengers. They have been unfriendly and unhelpful in getting to this point, and now after eight months of waiting, they are making me still fight them for the proper compensation amount. All I'm asking is that they follow the standard regulations set forth by the European Union. Nothing more, nothing less. 
  Overall, a pleasant flight. The mini croissant served on the E190 was tasty. As for the food on the A350, it was satisfying enough but was not up to my expectations. Flight attendants were smiling.
 Excellent service at Bengaluru. Due to the short time in b/w transfers one bag did not arrive. However Air France had already sent a list of missing baggage and they informed us whilst we were at the luggage carousel, this saving us time. They tracked where our baggage was and sent it on the next flight. It arrived safely. Very helpful staff at Bengaluru who helped us when we were tired and stressed. Thank you Air France! Re food though it's a different review as the quality was poor, food passed off as Indian, really wasn't food any Indian would eat!
 Delayed baggage, and even longer delays (3 days!) in shipping it to me. Air France has scheduled far too short a connection time in Paris for its flights from West Africa (Guinea and Central African Republic), and given the change in terminal and slow security at CDG, I always end up having to run in order to make the final call for my London flight - very stressful. Air France themselves have the same problem - the last time I flew, my bag also missed the connection, and arrived in London three hours after me. That's when things really went downhill. Despite the fact that I live only two hours drive from Heathrow, it took Air France 3 days to ship my bag to me. I can order something on Amazon by midday and have it delivered the same day, but Air France takes 3 days to ship to an address two hours drive away. The final cherry on the cake: arrogant, indifferent customer service. When I called to complain about all of this and asked for a manager, the operator initially refused to let me talk to a manager, saying this was just about a bag. When I insisted, he said all of the managers were in a meeting, but he refused to get a manager to call me back - he said I would have to ring again and try to catch them when they're available! I will instead now vote with my feet, and stop using Air France for my flights to West Africa. Terrible airline.
 Excellent flight from Paris to Montréal, I wouldn't have recommended Air France 6 or 7 years ago, but this airline is really improving. The cabin crew was pleasing and careful, the flight landed earlier than announced and the food was pretty good for an economy class. The only negative point is that Paris CDG is really disorganized, it is probably one of the worst airports I've had experienced with Amsterdam AMS in Europe. I really hope that it will improve within the next years.
  My flight from Zurich to Paris was an hour late.  My return flight experience was worse: I paid for a Siège Plus (11D) with extra legroom. However, there were no such seats (no emergency exit seats) on the Embraer 170. I now have to spend time filing an online claim for a reimbursement. My baggage was not delivered in Zurich. This is not the first time my bags have been lost by Air France even in a tiny terminal like 2G in Paris.  The bag finally arrived at Zurich airport this morning, one and a half days late. The local transporter never contacted me to schedule delivery. I had to call AF and insist on getting the local transporter's telephone number. I was told the bag was on its way, despite the fact that nobody had called me to check if I was home. I was told it would be with me between 3 and 5 p.m. No bag arrived. I then called the transporter again, who checked and said the driver claimed I was not at home. Hello! I had stayed at home the entire day. I did not even take a shower in case the driver came with my bag at exactly that time. This was a blatant lie by the driver. I then insisted that they make a delivery and I now have another two interval I need to block in the evening. In the best case scenario, I will have spent my entire day waiting at home for a bag. Between AF and the useless local transporter, I have wasted two days. Is this how AF treats its passengers? Is a Flying Blue Gold member impressed by this experience? I am very frustrated by the utter lack of professionalism from start to finish. 
  I must say that I am impressed by the Air France flight crew. I recently flew from NY to Bangalore with a connection in Paris with my wife and 12 month old son.  It was exactly what you would expect it to be. A nightmare! We had everything planned (my wife did I just follow orders) from the flight time, connection, food, sleep etc so that our child could have as smooth as a trip as possible. From NY to Paris we we golden. Smooth as silk. We took off he ate and slept. We landed and had some trouble figuring things out but we managed. Once we got on the plane for our Paris to Bangalore slight the nightmare began. He started screaming at the top of his lungs before the flight took off. Our plan for entertainment was lost during transport (ipad with pre downloaded 5hrs Cocomelon). He was rejecting all toys and foods. The lady behind us asked my wife " Is he going to be like that the whole flight?" After some back and forth with the other passenger, ourselves and the flight crew we took off. It was a 10hr flight and he cried for 9 of them. It was an out of body experience. Our son has never been so miserable. I dont know if it was sleep deprivation or his ears were bothering him but he was inconsolable. Our friend behind us, to her credit, along with the other passengers did not add fuel to the fire. The only bright spot was the flight crew. Which is the reason for the review. I have to give credit where credit is due. They were simply amazing. Very empathetic and supportive. Asking us if we needed any support on multiple occasions and it wasn't just one of them it was all of them. Providing us with food and supplies that I didn't even know was available. BTW did you know that there are children's eye covers? I found that interesting and don't know why. Anyway if it wasn't for our air heroes my wife and I would be needing immediate psychiatric therapy. We all know how difficult that is to get now and days. My salute to the air crew that day. You saved us and we are truly grateful. We will remember this day for a long time not only because of the difficulties we had with our son but for the care and help we received from the crew
  This was a booking with KLM for two passengers made and paid by myself but one passenger cancelled. I was promised a refund against a fee. The refund was never made. I asked various Air France employees if there was anything I could do to solve the situation.  It seems to me that niceties in the cabin are cheap to get, and anyway, those are paid for. When real issues arise, Air France is incapable of solving them, and, indeed, does not care to do so. 
  I would like to say that the airline and cabin crew were absolutely brilliant. They were very attentive and in hand if we needed them. The inflight food was delicious and tasty, not bland like other airlines. We pre-paid for our seats and we’re very pleased with the extra leg room outbound and the Solo seats coming home. I would like to thank all the staff from check in until when we landed. So professional and quick so the queues were small and manageable. Air France made our holiday more amazing by delivering such a wonderful experience. Thank You.
  Outstanding service. I have travelled from OTP to JFK via CDG and return in business class. A great experience from the lounge, food, beverages to the comfort of the seat. On the return segment JFK -CDG I was upgraded in La Premiere due to my Platinum Ultimate status. The onboard service was state of the art. The champagne the best I have ever tasted. The FAs and the pursers attitude and service flow less. Looking forward to my next trip with AF.
  They stop passengers at security to weigh their carry-on luggage. They weigh both bags and if both bags are even 1KG over their 12 KG weight limit they make you walk back to the Air France check-in area to spend 110 euros and 25 minutes to check one bag (not both bags even though they were both weighed together). This would make sense if the luggage was oversized and didn’t fit in the overhead bins but our small luggage was overweight was because we travel with large books. 
  I booked a flight for an Air France / Virgin Atlantic flight from Orlando to Beirut. Once I landed in Beirut airport I notice I'm missing one checked bag so I reached out to the missing luggage office and file claim. 2 days later I got update by email that my bag was found, and it will be forwarded to Beirut. I contacted airport for my bag, and they said my bag did not arrive. 2 days later suddenly the claim I filed in the airport was closed and when I contacted customer service, they didn't know how the claim was closed or who closed it. I filed online claim again, since then I have been calling customer service every day about my luggage with no updates. Nobody could explain how my first claim was closed and keep saying no update on my luggage. I filed claim for necessary purchase but I didn't get any reimbursement, then after 21 days filed claim for lost luggage. I started calling air France every day, I got to speak with supervisor who made clear your bag was lost and there is no way for passenger to talk to claim department unless they call you. I asked how long it takes to get my reimbursement, he said, we have long queue and this might take several months. So they lost my bag with promise they will reimburse me when they decide to do with no timeframe. 
  We were able to fit everything into carry on luggage, which was helpful, especially outbound. On the return flight our bags were spot checked and found to be overweight so we had to get out of the line for passport control, check the bags, then get back into the passport line. This was frustrating, but since we had left a ridiculous amount of time to make the flight we didn't actually have a problem. In addition, the employees marshaling the passport lines were very heads-up and were moving people to fill gaps in the line. They also appeared responsive to pleas about flights departing soon, including those in English. We were of course pretty worried about whether our bags would vaporize on the way to JFK but fortunately everything showed up and was undamaged. All of this means we were very fortunate, since we were flying midsummer when all of the horror stories were happening and  we didn't have to deal with AF ground service, which in our experience has never been terrible but never better than OK, either.  The in flight experience was fine, although AF is one airline where it pays to fly Premium Economy. We flew regular Economy because of the size of our group, and the service was less. Cabin staff very pleasant as usual but not very visible apart from meal service. Much more attentive the further forward you go, which is not a very passenger-centric strategy. The aircraft wasn't new but had been refreshed. IFE worked and had lots of options. Outbound flight took off late but landed almost on time, return flight was on time. In Premium Economy or Business Class Air France an excellent airline, but in Economy it's a little disappointing. AF could learn a lot from Delta, which provides pretty good service throughout the cabin, or even from United, which is mediocre front to back. Most of my international travel is to France, and most of that is on Air France. This is unlikely to change. Still, I live in hope that Air France ups its game on the service front.
  Shame on Air France for its disgraceful performance and for doing nothing thus far to settle a claim for clothes and incidentals I had to buy after my luggage was delayed last December  when returning from Guinea to Washington DC in business class. I must have now called Air France a dozen times to find out the status of my claim. Each time, I get bounced around from one agent to another, each of whom appears completely unable to provide any help whatsoever. One agent today told me that the only way to communicate with AF is via social media and suggested I try Twitter and Facebook. I've already tried both of those months ago and never have had any response. I've now escalated the matter with my firm and with AMEX which did the booking as my company's corporate travel partner. Shame on Air France. I've never encountered such incompetence.
  We just had a return flight scheduled via Air France on August 1st. We arrived 2.5 hours early to Charles de Gaulle but the bag drop-off took 1 hour then we were stopped for having carry-on bags too large at security and had to return to check the carry-ons, after this, we had 50 minutes until departure but security machine broke and caused abnormal security delays of an hour. We missed the flight. It then took 2 hours of waiting at Air France ticketing to learn the next flight would be 6 days away (with us having NO luggage). We opt for another flight on a different airline and airport but now to get our bags ... another 5 hours of waiting to get our 2 carry-on bags. We are told to return in the morning to pick up our other 2 large checked bags that had been pulled from the plane. We come back to CDG, wait 1.5 hours in a 5 person line to find out that those bags cannot be accessed, and they have to send them across the ocean and deliver to our home address. Unbelievable service from Air France. No apologies from anyone or care for the extraordinary mess of lines! One bag has been found but the other is untraceable.
  Check in in YUL was quick but not smiley. Lounge welcome none, food not eatable, Champagne from a cheap brand. These are the only bad news from 2 flights that went smoothly, with excellent on-board service. 16 years old 777, retrofitted, but showing signals of usage. Small (14 seats) business class cabin, therefore very quiet. Connecting in CDG was made easy, with separate immigration for connecting passengers. Lounge in CDG was packed at 6:00 AM ! As usual MRS baggage delivery at MRS is a shame, with no respect for priority bags. Not AF fault; just bad service form third party services.
 Vancouver to Paris. My wife and I paid for direct roundtrip flights from Vancouver (YVR) to Paris (CDG) for our honeymoon trip, and that's where our first experience (and probably last) with Air France goes horrible. To start, our direct return flight home to Vancouver got cancelled, and they tried to put us on a connecting flight a day earlier, which obviously does not work with our travel plans as we are not even in Paris that 1 day earlier. Secondly, our seat selections for both our outbound and return flights that we made suddenly disappeared and my wife and I got separated to seats that were not together. We had booked our flights way earlier and there were lots of seat options at the time, but because they for whatever reason lost our seats, there were no good options left and my wife and I were stuck with choosing the only remaining option left for 2 seats together that were terrible, because all the seat selections had been taken now. I had to go through multiple several hour long phone calls with customer service to 1) get on a new connecting flight (no longer direct) for our return flight home, and 2) sort our all the seat selections for all of these flights, now that we were no longer on direct flights. What's weird is that our connecting flight home is now on Delta Airlines for both legs, not Air France? And they could not confirm me and my wife's seat selections to be next to each other for these flights, probably because they are on Delta Airlines rather than Air France? To make complaints, the customer service phone line does not handle this as they only handle reservations. We filled out the online complaint form on June 22 and have yet to hear back, as our flight is in less than a month now. We called their customer service line multiple times again to follow up on our complaint case #, but was told each time that they cannot do anything to help. When we asked to speak to a supervisor/manager, or be transferred to ANYONE who could possibly help, they said there is no human we can speak to directly, nobody they could transfer me to, no email or phone number to directly contact, and that I would have to wait for an email response to our complaint form, which again we had already waited for more than 1.5 months. In summary, this is our first time booking with Air France, and we have never experience such terrible non-existent customer service. This is not a single human you can speak to directly who can help with making things right. All you can do is submit an online complaint form into a black hole of cases that will never be addressed. I've tried multiple channels to reach ANYONE who can help, but each time I was told there is nobody who can help you, sir. Avoid Air France's archaic customer service system at all costs.
  Booked a business class flight from Rome to Lisbon Via Paris, completed online check-in, submitted the requested COVID Certificate, and received the Ready to Fly email from Air France, meaning everything I submitted was good to go. Arrived at the departing Airport only to be told that my seat was cancelled, my allocated seat was sold to another passenger, and it was now a sold-out flight. It's been a fight to get my refund. 
  During the aircraft loading process, my suitcase was first placed next to the loading belt, then at some point scanned and placed on the back of the trolley that pulls the suitcase dolly (I could watch the whole process from the window the whole time). That seemed strange to me, so I asked the stewardess in English if that was the right thing to do and she only said that the hold was full and the suitcase was loaded in the back. That struck me as odd, too, but that could be the case, I thought to myself and sat down again. More suitcases arrived, still being loaded into the same hold (so apparently the hold wasn't full after all). Meanwhile, my suitcase was still lying on the back of the car. At some point no more suitcases came and the loading belt was retracted. So I went to the stewardess again and told her that my suitcase is still on the back of this car and that the luggage strap is now being removed. After a short discussion, she fetched the pilot, who left the plane with my suitcase badge. I looked out the window and unfortunately the car on which my suitcase was lying was gone now too. After a minute or two the pilot came back and just said don't worry my suitcase will be on board. Then I just said if he was sure, because the last time I checked, my suitcase was still on the car and the luggage strap was retracted. The stewardess then answered me something in French, I just said that unfortunately I don't speak French and that's why I had spoken to her in English beforehand, she answered in French again. I sat down again and during the pushback I saw all the trolleys lined up and of course my suitcase was still on one of these trolleys.  My suitcase arrived in Düsseldorf the next evening, one of the four wheels had broken off, a wheel bearing had broken out, one of the two locks had broken and the suitcase was so warped that it could no longer be closed. A Rimowa aluminum case that has endured a lot for 8 years. The destruction of the suitcase, of course has more to do with Paris Airport, but the whole thing would probably not have happened like this if my suitcase had been loaded, because as the next to the baggage carousel at the airfield, all 4 wheels were still attached. All in all very disappointing.
  My flight was canceled on June 17, 2022. It was supposed to depart at 11:55 pm and 30 minutes Before we were supposed to take off they canceled it and told us they are going to give us a hotel to stay in until they get us a new flight, but 4 hours waiting in the airport until they got us a hotel in Manhattan witch is an hour away from the airport. After that they told us to pay for everything we need and save a copy of the receipt and send it to the airline for a refund. I ended up paying around 300 dollars and I still haven’t gotten the money back and it’s been almost 2 months!
  This airline have 2 people working at the check in counter where you get there early and spend more than 2 hours waiting on a line even tho they know your flight is about to leave and you need to pass through security. Also they are losing luggage, and if they find one of them was open (even when you put a lock on it) with a lot of missing items. They did not answer the claims made.
  I make several international trips a year. This trips' flights with Air France were clearly the worst. We were only on this AF flight with our Delta reservations because of code sharing. Not only were the flight attendants condescending, food inedible and the ground service bizarre,  to add insult to injury, they lost our luggage and cannot locate it. AF's service desk is impossible to get on the phone. I have been trying for a day and a half since we returned to ask about the status of my missing luggage. We called Delta and after a wait of over an hour were told we should have called AF. Finally after a wait of over 2 hours we got a person to speak at AF -- the person manning the phones said they live in a status of perpetual wonderment as to where the luggage was and had certainly no idea where mine was. Frustration, upset, anger, disappointment. I will never fly Air France again. If you have an option, take another airline unless you can pack all your clothes in a carry on. 
 We have traveled Internationally many times but we have never experienced anything like this. The customer service was absolutely rude, inpatient, and untruthful. All of our connection flights were an hour late. Most importantly, our flight had a 10 hour layover in Paris coming from Greece. I reached out to customer service using the 800 237 2747 which is not even located in France (it is a call center in India) who have informed me several times, all I needed to do was submit an online claim for hotel accommodation on our 10 hour overnight layover. When I submit the online claim they tell me to call back the 800 number who then informed me I need to reach out through Facebook messenger. On that communication I was informed I should ask for accommodation in person when I get to Paris. Upon our arrival in Paris at 11.40pm the customer service informed us they will not be providing us with hotel accommodation since we bought the ticket knowing there was a layover. They only provide accommodation if your flight is canceled or delayed. This did not make sense because all of their flights from Greece to Washington, D.C. had layovers at the time of our booking. This was completely new information for us since we have been communicating with their customer service for over three weeks before our travel which could have made our own hotel booking if they didn't lead us to believe they will provide one for us. Because we arrived around midnight there was no hotel available for us during our layover and we had to sleep at the airport. We are absolutely disappointed with how they handled the conversation at their customer service office in Paris where we were told, “sorry you received misinformation but since our call center is not in France we cannot control what information they give.” This is the first airline we know of that have no control over their customer service. We will never use this airline and I advise anyone who might have similar flying scenario to make your own accommodation regardless of what the customer service tells you. We were not the only people who spent the night at the airport, there were many families with kids who slept on the floor. Absolutely horrible the way they speak to you and also condescending.
  I had a wonderful experience with Air France. The staff was really friendly and helpful, I had a problem with my entertainment device and they quickly fixed it for me. The food was good and the service was perfect, it was possible to ask for drinks or snacks for free which is a big plus. The ambient lights made the flight more enjoyable and the plane was beautiful. I had no problem to retrieve my luggage or to board my flight. I'll definitely fly with Air France again, thank you !
  Air France ground staff in Marseille were helpful as they anticipate our flight to CDG, in order to be sure that we would catch our transatlantic flight. However boarding at Marseille was one of the most messy I have ever seen, due to the lack of instructions of staff. Direct channel from Terminal 2F to Terminal 2E (K), with dedicated immigration and no security check was of great relief. Splendid. Catering at lounge was excellent. Boarding of flight to YUL was also a torture, as we had to wait under the sun (during the heat wave) on a ramp during more than 20 minutes. On the other hand service, food and comfort on AF A350 Business class were exceptional, showing a brutal improvement. Air France could have deserved a 10, if they had learned to board with SQ staff.
  Moved my flight forward 24 hours at short notice with no other suitable options provided, no WiFi on the departing or returning flights, didn't credit miles to my "Flying Blue" account. IFE not working for the return leg of my journey (ICN-CDG). Complained 9 weeks ago, checked my claim progress on 20/07/2022 and still just showing as received. Checked again today and now they can't find it. They don't reply to calls, emails, their WhatsApp communication is with an infuriating bot which serves 0 purpose. When you ask to be passed to a service agent you'll get no reply until 2-3 days later where they explain their agents are busy.
  Online check-in and bag drop at Heathrow were straightforward, but the boarding procedure was cumbersome due to an apparent shortage of people at the gate (only 1 for most of the time). A gate between the queue to enter the departure lounge and the lounge itself was left open and one passenger managed to wander through, by-passing the gate agent. Luckily they noticed it and firmly directed the passenger back to the queue. This could have been an administrative if not security problem. On board the service was efficient and pleasant. We were delighted to find that AF served a decent snack on short-haul flights (a sandwich plus a choice of alcoholic or soft drinks). Probably because of the slow boarding process at Heathrow our first leg to CDG operated 25 minutes late, resulting in us having to sprint up and down staircases at CDG to catch our onward flight to Lisbon. Our baggage made it too -- phew! All in all this was a pleasant experience, especially onboard.
  One of the worst baggage service I ever seen. I travelled on end of June and still not received my missing baggage. 10 days back Got a mail saying your baggage was found and it’s on your way but after I haven’t received any information from the airline. Very disappointed with the service. Now I have to travel back to my place without my bag.
  They have no process in place to smoothly inform people how to declare missing baggage and how to schedule a delivery. I've called the help line over 12 times and have been on hold for upwards of 45 minutes before the line hanging up on me. None of the support options seem to work and I've done my best to be patient, but I would really like an update. On the flight, we were given our meals and for an hour and a half, they let our trays sit there. They didn't pick up the trays for so long that people were helping each other out by holding their trash so they could move about the cabin. The flight attendants were nice, even if not very prompt. They seemed as upset about the situation as we were. I'm still on hold (day 2 trying to speak to someone) as I write this review. 
  My trip this morning from Senegal to Paris was perhaps the best international flight I’ve ever been on. Air France staff was courteous, attentive and polite. The food was better than I could have imagined, we were served both dinner and breakfast. We flew on the Boeing 777-300ER first row in business class (First Class for this particular plane), the plane was a newer version, has ample leg room with an angled flat bed for comfortable seating. The aircraft was clean and everything in my seating area was in working order. My next trip back to Senegal will be with Air France!
  Do not use Air France if you have another option! We were scheduled to leave Italy at 6.10 am on July 12, to catch a connecting flight in Paris to JFK. The night before they changed our flight to 7.45 am so we would miss our connecting flight. Instead of scheduling the next available flight from Paris to JFK, they changed our connecting flight multiple times and in the end, we had a 14 hour delay in the airport. No one communicated the reason for this long delay, we can only assume that they gave our seats away to the passengers that had already been stuck in the airport for 24-48 hours for a plane to JFK. The only compensation Air France offered us was a $31 food voucher for five passengers to hold us over for a fourteen hour delay. It is apparent that this airline is not at all prepared to accommodate the influx of passengers flying their airline and definitely does not respect their passengers time. We will never fly this airline again!
  The tickets for our flight were bought online, yet at check-in, we were told the flight was full and that we had to board a different flight with a stop over at Amsterdam. We were originally going from Lyon to Venice. The new route costed us a delay of more than 2 hours. Each flight we boarded, or checked-in for, we were told they did not have a seat for us until everyone else had boarded. It felt like we had bought last-minute budget tickets and treated less than everybody else. Yet we had spent a large amount to travel to Venice. The entire journey we were still grateful we could fly and hopeful we could get to our destination. It was stressful to say the least. This has been a bad experience and I don't recommend Air France.
  I flew from Lisbon to Osaka via Paris. The flight was delayed for two hours and when we arrive, we had to wait for another hour to find that there was no luggage. It is now the 14/07/2022 and I still don't have my luggage! Last Saturday, I received a message saying the luggage was found. But I have not received the luggage yet. Therefore, and considering the very long time I have been without luggage and without actually managing to talk, exchange messages or even smoke signs with Air France, I found the company unreliable with a terrible customer service. 
  It has been 4 days and no information or sign of luggage! I cannot reach any customer service number (France or Mexico) for days and have been waiting on Facebook chat for a day now. The tracer says that the luggage was supposed to be delivered yesterday and there is no status update. I tried to add a claim and the website gives me error when I submit. I ordered special meal when flying and it wasn't there and I had to have their standard meal. 
  What a shambles and I will never fly with Air France again. This flight was 1.5 hours late, which seems normal for that flight.  AF had tried to throw me off my connecting flight and put me on one for the next day but the check-in girl at BKK managed to reverse it and I made the flight. I asked on exit how far away my next gate was but they didn’t have a clue. A 2-3-2 business class is decades out of date and the cabin crew were men who did their job in a minimalist manner but there was no friendliness or engagement with the passengers, downright miserable. The food felt very overly reheated. There looks like a lot of pages of movies but a lot of it was many copies of the same film, no idea what that was about as you choose your language when you click on play. They get round their terrible performance by using that awful and insulting catch-all phrase, “For operational reasons”. When we landed at CDG there was another plane still at our gate.
  My trip is over and I have still not received my bag. Horrible service. They do not answer phone calls or respond to emails. They literally left me high and dry. The fact that my holiday is over and still no correspondence from this retched airline I feel is reason enough not to fly with them. Honestly ruined what was supposed to be a relaxing time. 
  Our flight from Nairobi was delayed 3 hours. When we got to Paris we missed our flight to Toronto they told us we have to wait 9 hours, which changed to 14 hours. They lost my stroller. We got to Toronto I miss my flight to come home to Edmonton my luggage are missing nobody wants to help. When I ask they say go to WestJet.
  The check in lines were long and there were not enough staff. The flight delayed for over an hour, more than 5 baggage were lost in a flight which causing a long queue on the luggage center. However, there were only two staff there. The staff promised to deliver the missing baggage to my address within a week. Turn out it is still missing while I am writing this comment, which is almost a month since my flight. I tried different methods to contact Air France and it is really hard to call them. There is a email that you will never get a response. There exists a phone number but you had to wait for at least 35 minutes before they pick up your call. I Called a lot in these three weeks ,wasting a lot of times but no one really could help. I went to the airport, imagining someone can help if I meet them, but the baggage service center was closed and all other staffs told me they can do nothing. So basically if you take Air France and the baggage is lost during the flight, you will not be able to do anything and no one from Air France can help you.
  I flew with Air France on flight AF1424 on 3rd July 2022 from Paris to Berlin. I knew there were cases of large queues for luggage check-ins and anticipating this, I left for the airport 4 hrs earlier and arrived 3.5hrs earlier than my flight time. And as expected, the line was huge. Despite the fact that they had automatic machines where you could check in your luggage, those machines opened late and 3-5 members of Air France were operating those counters. When the machines started running, people did not know how to use them. For example, if your bag were overweight by a certain threshold, the machine would get stuck. Thus, requiring human interference (or maybe people just didn’t know) to make it start working again. Secondly, the machine did not mention that you need to check in your hand luggage also. So, people had to come back from security. There was also a long line of people printing luggage tags after getting in line. Thus coming back and forth into the queues and stalling the people behind them. There were people just getting in line without waiting for their turn.  Some of the cabin crew were gloomy.
  The connecting flight from Paris to New Delhi was cancelled. We were made to board the flight, sat inside from 10.30am to 3pm after which announcement was made that flight is postponed to the next day. No one was assisting to answer queries. All we were told was to go to gate K57 and arrangements would be made. Only arrangement was made for business class passengers as if rest were travelling for free. Air France lounges denied entry even after many were ready to pay charges from pocket. It is 12.03 at night and no one from Air France has come.
  The tickets are very expensive (I paid 350 GBP for a flight one way), there is no option to buy a fast track, the flight was made by a subsidiary airline where there was no space for my luggage, the leg space is limited. Standard of this airline is below poor.
  Thank you Air France for providing exceptional customer service. I read these reviews and they mostly appear to be only a bad experience. But my experience had the potential to be bad, but you handled it exceedingly well. My flight from Firenze to CDG was going to arrive late and I would miss my connection. In flight, the attendant told me I was going to miss the connection, my new flight was already booked for the next day, and that I would be provided a hotel and meals. When I arrived every word of this was true. I stayed in a very nice airport hotel (Golden Lotus) that provided exceptional buffet style food, I used the hotel shuttle, and you also gave me a meal voucher as well for the airport. I was concerned leaving my luggage overnight in the airport, but it arrived safely in LAX the following day. You could not have made this any easier, and I was really only delayed about 12 hours in total. I've flown with you 3 times now to Italy and you will always be my first choice. Yes, occasionally I may experience an inconvenience, but I will always remember how you handled this perfectly. My only suggestion for the foreign traveler would be maybe to have a printed map (handed to them by the flight attendant) with the details where the Air France Customer Service kiosk is located, and also where the hotel shuttles are located. It's such a huge airport and this took me a little time to navigate.
 I take a yearly trip to Tunisia, and I've flown with a lot of airlines over the years. I have encountered delays and issues with flight logistics but it was always handled smoothly and professionally by the airline. This time I tried Air France because they offered a trip without much waiting time before the corresponding flight, and what a huge mistake I made. First trip from Montreal to Paris was cancelled out of nowhere. No explanation was given and the only heads up I got was an email that was filtered as a spam since they sent it through a shady email. They rescheduled that flight for another one that got delayed for 2 hours. No heads up this time and of course no explanation. The cancellation and the delay made me miss my corresponding flight and instead of getting the first flight available to Tunis they booked me on a flight 13 hr after I land in Paris. I tried to find a solution with the airline's customer service in Paris Orly but according to them there was no flight before the one I had in 13hrs (even though there was and they scheduled it for some of the people in the line). The AF customer service in Paris Orly were really difficult to deal with, they will ignore you if they don't like the question (asked for directions on how to get to the airport hotel and how I can do an online claim on the issue), some of them will yell in frustration if you ask the same question twice (I was really tired and I couldn't really hear them well over the counter). Needless to say that this is my first and last trip with AF. I really recommend anybody flying long distance to avoid AF at all costs, they do not seem to be able to handle the logistics of a corresponding trip.
  My husband and I experienced the worst bag checking experience of our lives on Sunday June 23rd with Air France in Paris traveling to Nice!  First, we were overcharged for our bags going from Paris to Nice. When we arrived the kiosks charged us $70, but it was only supposed to be $45. I tried to ask multiple Air France representatives for help and everyone ignored us and kept walking by. Since no one would help, we paid the $70 to get out of there. But one of our bag tags was missing. We paid for 3 $70 tags but we only received 2 printed. So we had to go get in line for a representative to help us. The line was long and moving slow. Once we got to the front, the Ai France representative confirmed that we were not supposed to be charged $70/bag we were only supposed to pay $45/bag. But he said he couldn’t issue a refund and we would have to file a claim which we are doing now. But he was trying to make us pay $45 again for the missing bag tag. He printed the tag for us and we put it on our bag, but after he realized I wasn’t going to pay the $45, since I already paid $70 for it, he ripped the tag off my bag.  I requested a manager and the manager told him he was wrong, and reprinted us a tag and told us to get in line to drop off our bags. This drop off line was so long and there was only 1 person at the front desk with 10+ stations. Finally when we got to the front, the third bag tag wouldn’t scan, so again we needed assistance which took pulling teeth to get. We waited and no one would help. Finally a manager saw us and took us to the side station, reprinted yet another tag and checked the bag for us and sent us to security to go to our gate. This entire situation took almost 2 hours which made us nearly miss our flight. When we landed in Monaco, 1 of our 3 bags did not show up.  We had to file a claim at the airport which the line was long and it took over an hour. We were in Monaco for 3 nights and the bag never came. It still says “searching” on the claim; they haven’t found it. This experience has caused us so much unnecessary stress and anxiety. 
  My flight was 6+ hours delayed from JFK, got rebooted on 3 different flights from Paris to Bordeaux, actually made the last flight of the day. Of course the airline lost the luggage and now in Bordeaux they sent an email that one cannot respond to for sending the luggage to our hotel but they gave the wrong number to call back and cannot get in touch to coordinate the lost bag reaching our hotel. 2 days after landing in Bordeaux still no bag. Stay away from this airline, I will never book with them again.
  I was dissatisfied with the business class flight from Paris to Mumbai round trip. The flat bed was more like a recliner seat and my food was not up to the quality. Flight back from Paris to LAX took off late and I was very hungry. Flight attendant gave me menu, I chose salmon, she mentioned that is not available since it has been taken. No issues but when I paid a premium to travel business, should not I expect better. Given vegetarian which was very salty.
 Due to delayed arrival from another flight, our group of six travelers missed our connection in Paris. The wonderful ladies at the Air France counter at the airport were, through determined shuffling, able to accommodate all of us on the next flight to Vancouver. There was otherwise a real possibility that some of would have had to stay overnight. Kudos to the attentiveness of the Air France agents!
  Osaka to Rome via Paris. I chose to travel with Air France  because it was the "cheapest" and the "shortest" route. I would recommend flying with them as the trip was ok, but there are things to improve! Duration of the first flight is 15 hours. Although I was worried for this very long trip, time passed quickly aboard. I didn't watch any movies, but I peeked at the selection and it was very large and there were films that came out recently or great classics. Super positive note the wifi is free for everyone just to send light messages (no audio, no photos) but if you pay you can get it faster! The seats were very uncomfortable for me, my seat was dirty, crumbs on the seat and food stains on the table. In times of covid this is very serious for me. The Air France site is difficult to handle. I wanted to change my flight, I did all the steps and then it gave me ERROR, and when I returned to the original booking page they canceled the seats I had purchased in advance ... luckily I contacted the company via messenger and they put everything back to normal! In the end I discovered that to change the flight you have to call a number. But be prepared, if you call the number from Japan you will have to wait 30/40 minutes !! A particular appreciation for a female flight attendant on the flight from Osaka, and a male flight attendant on the flight to Rome. Both very kind and helpful.
  Just flew from Copenhagen to Paris to Montreal on June 17th. We were behind schedule when we landed at CDG with only a small chance of making our connecting flight that day. My wife made it to the correct gate and was able to board while I ended up at the wrong gate. I would like to offer a huge thank you to Captain Emmanuel Rollier who insisted the plane would not leave until I arrived at the plane. The rest of the crew were equally supportive and helped create a positive ending to what had been a very stressful day. Thanks again to Captain and crew. 
  Horrible service and food. Very dirty bathrooms. The cushions or pillows had stains all over. Old airplane. They asked if I wanted chicken or pasta. I said pasta. They said we don’t have it and left. It’s a disgusting airline.
  I would like to mention the name of Mr Sunil Lohat who did a great job by helping us and making our journey very comfortable. I think without the help of this gentleman, it wouldn't have been possible for us to board the flight. Mr Sunil helped us till the last moment and ensured that we board the flight. He did everything which a customer needs during any technical hitches which is not known to the passenger. Hats off to such a committed and helping person.  He really made our day in the time of crisis and now I have landed Toronto without any hassles. 
 One way flight from Paris CDG to Berlin BER in April. A smooth and hassle-free flight on a brand new plane. The Airbus A220 is comfortable and offers free WIFI for Whatsapp and other messengers. Air France gives you a free small sandwich and a drink of your choice, alcoholic beverages included. Airport services were also fine. Check-in and security check in CDG took only a few minutes and in Berlin I got my luggage within 5 minutes. I think currently AF is the best airline in Europe.
  Was pleasantly surprised with Air France as I was expecting the worst experience. The aircraft felt up to date, entertainment system worked fine and had plenty of choices. Crew were very friendly and personally greeted us and asked if we needed anything. The meal services were great, the main meal was the best one I had in economy for quite sometime as mostly they are inedible but this was good, chicken with mushrooms and polenta, a small salad with Camargue rice and a delicious small pastry for dessert, coffee and wine. The meal service before landing was presented in a small gift bag and contents were tasty, a nice touch I thought.
  Delayed on initial flight for both our departure and return trips. This caused us to miss our connection. Each time Air France made it incredibly difficult to rebook. We had to wander CDG airport where no one was there to assist, when we found the Air France desk they were understaffed and waited hours in line to get a new flight. This is all with our 5 month old son. Horrible attitudes and no sense of urgency in trying to get us home. They also lost one of my bags on the initial trip which was returned. However, all 5 of our bags were missing when we got home. It has been 5 days and countless phone calls and nothing has been done to tell us where our bags are or when to expect them. Items include stroller, car seat, and breast pump so my wife can provide milk to feed our son. All of these items had to be replaced because we cannot wait in limbo for them. Their call service automatically drops your call if it is longer than a 45min wait time so if you do not call at the exact minute of their opening you are more than likely not going to be able to speak to a customer service agent. I will never take any airline that connects in CDG and will absolutely avoid Air France at all costs. The flight attendants were great and the only positive interactions we had were with them.
  I flew Air France return for my trip to the UK. Seats were small, service apathetic, CDG was a huge disappointment. On the way back they lost my suitcase, still MIA and no feedback from the airline. You have to hold on the phone for ages, get a surly customer service person or your call dropped.
  Air France / KLM lure you with the free change ticket. Unluckily, it's an hoax. To begin with, no matter what's the actual price difference, I was asked to pay an amount of money that equal/ed the price of the full ticket at minimum. Eventually, I decided to accept it and was going to pay to change the ticket for my return flight. while I was shown several options, only a tiny percentage were available to book, maybe 30%. All the rest gave a system error and a message to call their hotline, which cost me a lot of wasted time. When I called the hotline, they told the flight was available, but cost more than the full price of a one way ticket. The actual flight was OK, but this rebooking experience was so disappointing and time consuming that I cannot help but to give KLM a 0.
  Awful customer service, who are clearly trained to keep you in a loop of confusion, in hope that you give up on whatever it is you need help with. Unnecessarily rude flight staff. Stay away upon arrival to the airport, we were told that our cabin bags had to go in the hold because the flight was at (or near) maximum capacity. When our bags came out of the hold, my laptop display was broken. I work remotely and so had to replace this instantly, and getting in contact with Air France has been an absolute nightmare. Firstly, I called their customer service lines several times. Every time is the same result - a string of employees with no understanding of what I'm saying, who direct me back and fourth across various different departments, often knowingly directing me to the wrong department just to get me to shut up. I submitted a claim to Air France directly 3 weeks ago and have still received no response. I've updated the claim several times, they are just ignoring me. Furthermore, on our outbound flight, there was sick on the seat. This being a 13 hour flight, we understandably asked a member of the team to move seats. She then came back with tissues and began wiping the seat. When my girlfriend stated that we didn't want it cleaned but rather wanted to move seats (the mess was really bad and smelt absolutely vile), the staff member very rudely and patronisingly said 'one minute' and then continued to rub the crime scene with her clearly inadequate bits of tissue. we eventually got her to agree to move our seat. We went and sat at the front where she told us to. A man comes over, head of the on-board team, and starts having a go at us for being in the wrong seat. We tried to tell him 'another staff member moved us here' but he sadly went on to repeatedly tell us to move for about 5 minutes, before eventually realising what we are saying, apologising, and leaving us in peace in our new seats. On our inbound flight, we did not receive the veggie meals we asked for. The lady just said 'No' repeatedly in again, an unnecessarily patronising tone, and continuously denied that we had requested vegetarian meals. She offered us meat meals instead. After we made it very clear that we were unhappy, we were given an armful of bread rolls and cheese to resolve the issue, as we'll as an extra desert and one pasta dish. This may have been the best they could do at the time, but was not exactly sufficient for a 13 hour flight. Furthermore, we've checked our booking and it clearly shows that we asked for vegetarian meals. This was just one return booking, and they did so many things wrong. It amazes me that big companies like Air France can get away with having no customer service whatsoever.
 Paris to Toronto. I spent the last 3 weeks travelling to different parts of Europe. I have taken 5 flights total, including my flight home with Air France. I am extremely disappointed with the airport and baggage situation. I arrived at the airport and had my luggage that was not overweight and my carry on luggage that was 12kg as required and purse. I checked my luggage in and proceeded to the security. When arriving at security they weighed my carry on and indicated I had to add my purse on top. Due to my purse and carry on luggage being 14kg together. They stated my carry on or purse needed to be paid for and put through baggage or I needed to remove items and throw them out. I had to go all the way back and pay for my carry on luggage that did not have a lock and had valuable items in it to be put through with baggage. I spent 85 euros that I had no intention in spending as I ensured to make my luggage and carry on for the weight requirements. I’m extremely disappointed that this occurred and felt it was very uncalled for as this has been the only airline who requires a shoulder purse to be weighted.
  First leg GVA-CDG was delayed due to circumstances outside of AF's control, I completely understand. But I still managed to get to the gate to my CDG-EZE flight with just 5-10 minutes delay. we arrived to find the plane still at the gate but boarding closed. So AF's team had to deny boarding to the 20+ passengers that arrived just a few minutes late. We were then sent to the AF counter AND were assigned a hotel some 40 minutes drive from the airport (this was almost midnight by then). We were told a shuttle would take us to the hotel. We come out to an empty parking lot, no shuttle in sight. In the end we had to google the hotel's name and pay for a uber to take us there. We arrive to the hotel (which was partially under construction) at around 1AM, and the hotel manager has no idea if and when AF will send a shuttle to bring me back to the airport. AF set me in an Iberia flight via Madrid, so I had to be back at the airport at 5.30AM.  I make it back to the airport, to find out my luggage was not transferred by AF to Iberia, so I would have to leave without it. I spent the next week in Argentina without my luggage, unsuccessfully trying to get information from AF and/or Iberia.
  Business class cabin is not the newest one in airline industry but still very good. The window seat is spacious with very much room for ones feet (perfect in flat bed mode) and very comfy. I slept very well. Privacy could be a little bit better but will be improved with the new suite type of seats for B777. IFE: Screen size and selection are good, picture quality is not on par with modern systems - but of course you can not expect this. The crew has been very friendly and helpful, food was plenty and delicious with a great starter (picture) and one of the best steaks I ever had on board (sorry, forgot to take a picture). Check in in SFO was very slow (almost 40 minutes for 12 people) but otherwise no complaints. Lounge was small and crowded, but food, beverages and WIFI were very good. I really liked the whole experience and appreciated the attentive and cordial service on board. Well done, Air France. I am looking forward to fly with you again long haul.
  Air France has been ok for sometime but on this trip their system would not let me enter/select special meals. They had the entire flight delayed by 45 minutes since their ‘business class’ passenger was delayed. As if the regular passengers time is not worthy.
  Conakry to Washington via Paris. Six months now and no resolution to a delayed baggage claim for purchasing incidentals totaling about $350. I will travel back to W. Africa next month in business class and informed Air France Customer Service (my fifth call to them get this resolved) that if my claim is not processed in the next two weeks that I will book with Brussels Airlines, which serves the same route. Shameful and inexcusable on the part of Air France.
 Abuja to Amsterdam via Paris. Very disrespectful to their customers. Initially, the return flight was booked for a Saturday evening. But 2 months in advance Air France cancelled the flight. Since there was only one flight a day, we had to reschedule for the Sunday flight. Air France did not want to book a hotel or pay (part of the extra hotel costs). On check-in at Abuja, check-in was denied, because the flight was scheduled for the day before (Saturday), doh. Even though I was carrying the ticket with the new date, the booking confirmation and the e-mail about the cancellation, they refused boarding. At long last, the ticket office printed a new ticket for Sunday, and informed us, that they would not charge us at this time. On arrival in Paris, there was a technical problem with the bridge, which delayed the flight by half an hour. Air France staff refused to assist to help us catch the connecting flight. As a result, we missed the flight. At the transfer counter, the helpful staff informed us of this fact, as if we were to blame for it. On arrival in Amsterdam, of course, our bags were missing. We claimed the missing bags immediately. It took Air France a full week, to deliver the bags (from Paris to Amsterdam). When they eventually delivered the bags, one was damaged (broken handle). We also claimed the damage on the handle immediately. So far it has been 3 weeks, and Air France is not responding to any requests, nor handling our damage claim. I would row a boat to Nigeria than fly with an airline that is so disinterested in their customers. Never again.
  Very poor meals for a 10hour flight (Paris CDG to Havana). They provided one meal ~1.5 hours after the take off and then we were starving as the last one was ~1.5 before landing. Both were unsatisfactory for such a long flight, equal to those offered in 3 hour flights of other airlines such Aegean. Also one of the flight attendants woke us up (4 people) at 4.30am while everyone was sleeping because she wanted to find her bag. She first opened the cases above our seats and after she realized that her bag was not there she poked the person sitting on the outermost seat to ask where is the bag and “why” it’s not there, loudly and visibly annoyed. So rude. For the record, the bag was in the next (front) case but I guess it’s easier to ask someone instead of looking a little further.
  Delayed take-off by two hours from YYZ. Having waited for a while in Mumbai for my suitcase, I finally made it to the counter to file a claim.  It took me 4 hours to get out of the airport trying to file a claim for the missing baggage. The Air France representative  Mr. Akash was nothing but polite, courteous, and a star that worked under pressure. Whilst the process was disorganized and lacked manpower, he was single-handedly managing AF travelers.  I hope they track and manage to deliver my luggage on time. 
 Paris CDG to Los Angeles. The worst flight I have ever been on in my entire life. We were given one meal at the start of our 11 hour flight about 1 hour in to the flight. The staff then provided nothing in the way of drinks or snacks for the next 9 hours. It was inhumane. No one should fly with this company and force them all to close.
  Paris to Amsterdam with Air France, KLM from Amsterdam to Tokyo and AirCalin from Tokyo to Noumea. I had so many issues, I am not sure where to start! First, my return flight from Paris to Noumea was changed so many times, I lost track, but it was at least 5 times. At least two times, they cancelled one leg only, but did not provide further information as to alternative flights. Other times, they provided an inconvenient alternative, and then it was almost impossible to reach a real person to select a viable alternative (3-4 days "chatting" through facebook - like a bad combination of email and chatting). After our last change, we got a new e-ticket and itinerary, only they never updated the real times. And we never got a message telling us that the flight had changed. As you usually do, we trusted the itinerary that they had sent, but we got to the airport just in time to get in. Lucky we had decided to get to the airport 4 hours before the flight, rather than 3. After running all over the airport, and no support whatsoever to get through the security checks, we made it just in time to board the plane - only to be seated and wait for an extra hour before the plane actually took off - because they decided to check the covid requirements during boarding! They found one person without the requirements, and then we all had to wait for the poor luggage staff to find this person's baggage inside the plane and remove it!
 Boarding was on time, cabin crew were very friendly, flight was late for like 10 mins and the whole crew and pilots were very apologetic. Plane was spotless. Drinks, tea, coffee and cake was served on 1 hours long flight. For 36 Euro promo fare, very impressive flight.
  My issue with Air France is that I bought a No fee change ticket and since trying to change my return ticket which is on the 8th May 2022 I have got nothing but the run around. As for a customer service it is non existent. I am in Peru and cannot get my flight from Costa Rica on that date and I did manage to chat with some form of humanoid/robot on their chat line via facebook, for 6 days messaging back and forth with no actual assistance whatsoever. Every time I suggested a flight or date I could exchange my ticket for they told me I could not do it. There is no customer service, no one to speak to or even email, and once they have your money you are hung out to dry. Hence they have taken £612 for a flight that is worth £300 due to the fact that they will not not honour their no fee change policy. I am not asking for a refund but to exchange my ticket for another flight. I have already stated that I am prepared to pay extra if it is a flight that is more expensive. 
 Tel Aviv to Toronto via Paris. The first leg of our trip was really substandard. The plane itself was fine, but the cabin crew provided almost no service and were unpleasant, verging on aggressive. The food also was very low quality. The second leg of our trip was much better, with a pleasant cabin crew and much better food. The customer service has been terrible. We called to follow up on a number of issues and again encountered unpleasant staff who seemed to have very little desire to help and who were sometimes even rude. I would not recommend flying with Air France and will surely not buy tickets from them again.
  1 hour flight from Paris to Newcastle, what can go wrong? I take no pleasure in writing this review, if you look at my previous reports most from memory are positive, a few bad experiences. This is the worst flight in my life, simple. Congratulations to Air France to achieve going from being my preferred airline to the last I would use in one step. The flight was not great, but not terrible, my seat had very little legroom but I’d just come if a Qatar Airways business class flight so maybe that clouded my judgement a little. Anyway they didn’t bother to put my bag on the aircraft. It wasn’t lost, they knew exactly where it was, in their home airport they could find someone to put it in the plane. Did they put it in the next flight, no. Did they put it in the next day?  Air France chose  not to send my bag today. They sent me an email saying they had the bag just after midnight so they had 10 hours to put it in AF1058 this morning. They didn’t do it. They chose to not send it. This is an airline that does not respect its passengers, I have no issue with airlines losing bags, it’s annoying but it happens.
  This review is similar to a recent one regarding very slow response time for settling baggage compensation claims. My luggage did not arrive with me on arrival to Washington. I needed to purchase some essential items, including clothing. I  followed all the procedures laid out by Air France. Four months later, despite numerous calls and social media direct messages, nothing by way of compensation from Air France.
  This has to be the worst customer service. They delayed every single piece of luggage in both directions. One of them was lost completely and now I am fighting since 2.5 months to get money from the airline. They changed the treatment from lost to delayed and simply closed the case by sending me 100€ which is below the worth of the lost baggage. Service Hotline is simply going to kick you out after about 32mins, WhatsApp Service is basically a bot and a person with a Copy Paste locked keyboard. They can´t help with any of the matters. Been pushed between resorts and Airlines and sub contractors (AirFrance, KLM, Delta, Pahaero) countless times. Nobody is responsible for anything. The claim tracker is absolutely useless as it is not tracing any of the actions. 

 Houston to Paris. Please DO NOT FLY with Air France. They have zero responsibility when it comes to compensation for losses resulting from cancellations of their flights! I bought a ticket for December 29th, 2021 for a secheduled for the 31st of December 2021. Needless to state I lost all the money spent on a Tuxedo, shirt and shoes for being the bestman in the wedding as a result of the impromptu cancellation by Air France hours after waiting for boarding. When I got back to the U.S, I filed a claim on Thursday the 27th of Janurary, 2022 for compensation for my losses as a result of the cancellation. It took Air France more than three months to respond and say that because the flight was cancelled as a result of "technical issues" they would not be compensating me for my losses. NO phone calls! NO empathy! Zero responsibility! POOR service and POOR customer service!
 Madrid to Cork via Paris. I took the ticket with KLM and a few days after travelling, one of the stops I had planned was cancelled. They change my ticket with a stopover in Paris and the first thing: I'm still waiting for the difference between the ticket that I paid more for. They don't add the previous travel insurance to the new ticket. Air France sends an email that the flight is delayed a few days before and then at 1 am when the flight leaves at 6:10 am they send an SMS that is delayed another 40 minutes. Once on the plane, it was delayed another 40 minutes. No one explains why. Inside the plane, already arriving in Paris, it is going to land and a few seconds before this, it takes off again. Why? Nobody tells us anything. It gives me an anxiety attack not knowing what's going on, all the delays we had with this airline and the. Concern that I won't get to catch the other link and I get up to ask. I am dragged by the steward by the arm through the plane to my seat. Disrespecting me and making me and those around me even more nervous because we really believed that something very, very serious was happening since the stewardess' reaction was very abrupt. After arriving in Paris I had to run to catch the next flight to Cork. I arrive in Cork and they have lost my suitcase. I file the claim, they tell me that today I will have my suitcase, that they have sent it to cork because it must have stayed in Paris and still no one has called me, nor have I received my suitcase or anything. A disaster. I will not take this airline again and I will make complaints and claims until I get bored. Because the lack of control they have, the lack of respect, etc... is not even normal. 
  Three times they made the same mistake and didn’t confirm our seats on our Delta flights before our international ones. Had to spend part of my time on my vacation on hold and dealing with them to make sure it doesn’t happen on the way back and it still did. And they just said there was nothing they could do.  The stress is not worth booking through this airline. 
 Bucharest to Paris. Air France, economy class, AF 1889 March 12th 2022. The Flight Attendants are overall welcoming and helpful. The Airbus A320 has a clean cabin. The seat feels narrow, although it's mentioned that this is a 32' X 18' seat - better than the unacceptable 30' X 17' that many airlines (including Air France) dare offer, even on long-haul flights. Departure on time. Coffee or tea and one very thin sandwich. Arrival on time. Overall a good experience, mostly thanks to the welcoming crew onboard. However, as an Aeroflot (SkyTeam Partner) Bonus Member, I'm still waiting for the miles to be credited on my Aeroflot Frequent flyer account, I did mention the number on reservation and the number is mentioned on my boarding pass.
  Extremely poor customer service. They want everyone to check in at the kiosk. Done. The kiosk asks me to see a customer service rep. I go to stand in line, the rep guiding everyone asks me to go to the baggage drop off line inspite of me showing him the message. I stand in the baggage drop off line for half hour. They cannot print my boarding pass. Then the rep from the baggage drop line tells me to go to the customer service line. So I go to the line, and lo behold the rep is standing there. After hearing my story and smirking he guides me to the customer service line. So now I stand in line again! For another 30 minutes. 
  My flight from CGD to ORD was delayed by 4+ hours due to a computer glitch on the aircraft. The flight crew then scrambled around to find another AF around the airport. All the luggage, catering etc. had to be transferred, and then we went back to the gate and boarded the replacement aircraft. AF emailed me explaining my EU rights to file a claim.  After four months of processing, they denied the claim saying, I arrived to CDG from a non-EU airport. AF took over four months to process this claim. The reason thy gave was, they were busy. I got no compensation, and we were not offered any refreshments on the day.  I'm not flying AF again.
  I traveled to Boston from Tunis on March 5th, when I arrived to Boston they told me that my baggage is delayed and it should arrive in two days, its been 6 days now and no answer. I call daily and check online status of my claim everyday. They have the worst customer service ever. The last customer service person said that my suitcase is on the way and it should arrive on March 10 at 1pm, I called at 5 pm he said its in Logan airport and it will be delivered to me tomorrow. I called again in the morning I spent 1.5 hrs at the end they told me that my luggage is still in Paris. 
  The A350 plane is great for passengers (comfortable and quiet). However, the service in Mumbai is sub-par at best and the service on board was not good. I was unable to check-in via their website - they weighed my bags at the check-in counter in Mumbai and they weighed by back pack and my carry on. I had 8kg more than their limit and they asked to me to either pay $200 to check it in or remove excess weight. I removed the excess weight but was still 3kgs over. I asked if I could pay for the extra (3KG) and she said we don't negotiate. The Ground Staff Manager was unwilling to even engage in conversation.  On board they served the first meal within 30 minutes but did not serve any alcohol. The Stewardess said they don't serve it because it's too early and not served with breakfast.  7 hrs and 30 minutes later they served lunch, nothing served in between. I asked for a beer and the stewardess said no.
  Nice flight, food was OK. My seat 43H had loads of leg room. Flight was half full. Free Wi-Fi for message sending nice touch touch. Entertainment was OK .Nice staff & service. They left soft drinks juices & snacks in middle Galley for you to help yourself. Very relaxed flight. Alcoholic drinks were available at request
  Wonderful flights, flying like in the good old days. Good food, open bar, friendly FAs, good IFE with lots of good films/music, even on short European flights you get a snack and an open bar. They even let me check my bag for free both ways. Fantastic.
 My flight from Dulles to Paris was great. My flight attendant, was super nice and friendly unlike a few cabin crew. speaking to me in French like I spoke the language.  The seat pitch was okay for me, lots of movies to watch, food was good in my point of view. I can't complain because my trip was pretty good. The flight to Morocco was the same, good service, good food.
  I went for 2 months to Nice, when I arrived in Nice my baggage came with me. In my return to Lebanon, my baggage didn't make it. 9 days now, I call daily and check online status of my claim daily. No news.
 Yesterday Jan 25, we flew Colombo, Sri Lanka to Paris, a 10.5 hour flight. We were fed an OK meal about 1 hour into the flight. For the next over 7 hours we were not offered even a water. Nothing. And my coffee cup and my wife's wine glass from dinner remained in the cupholders untouched. For over 7 hours the flight attendants were non-existent. Many people around us complaining. No excuse for this on a smooth flight with no turbulence.
  First medium-haul experience with Air France. This is part of a connecting flight from LHR-MIA via CDG. Check-in at LHR was swift, thanks to Sky Priority (customers flying Premium Economy get Sky Priority access). Due to COVID, check-in meant extra checks and formalities during check-in. All my documents were verified in less than 20 minutes. I received my onward boarding pass to MIA. This is my first medium-haul trip with Air France. The equipment used on this flight was a 10 year old Boeing 777-300ER. I was among the first passengers to board this full and busy flight. The cabin crew upon boarding were very friendly and warm. The plane was in an immaculate condition and was kept very clean. We left 45 minutes behind schedule due to technicalities and the crew gave regular updates. After take off, the crew sprung into action. They distributed a sanitary kit which consisted of a mask, alcohol surface wipes and hand sanitiser. We were told that unfortunately, amenity kits were not loaded on this flight and the crew were very apologetic. The meal service was swift but was done with care. Lunch served was good in quality but lacking in quantity which is the only downside. The crew were also very proactive with the drinks service. After the main meal service, cabin lights were switched off and were invited to help ourselves to the self-help snack bar which was adequately stocked with drinks and snacks. The second meal service came in a rather chic paper bag which consisted of a warm sandwich, a bread roll, a muffin, a chocolate bar, orange juice and a yoghurt drink. In addition, drinks were served again. For a 9 hour flight, the quality of the meals served was good but lacking in quantity. Air France could perhaps increase their portions when it comes to Premium Economy dining. The seat on this aircraft is Air France's fixed shell seat which mean that rather than reclining, the seat slides forwards so that it does not intrude your personal space. The seat was wide with good cushion padding. The pillow and blanket also appeared to be off higher quality compared to other airlines I've flown with in Premium Economy. The seat also came with a leg rest which was a very good addition. Now, there are a lot of negative reviews of this product but I would say that this seat is adequately comfortable for a TransAtlantic flight. My back did get a little sore from the seat sliding forward but I used the pillow to add some padding. I requested for an extra pillow and was given one without hesitancy. As we were flying during COVID, cabin crew and passenger interaction was very minimal to keep each other safe. However, I noted that the crew were very responsive in meeting the needs of the passengers from what I observed. IFE content was outstanding. There were more than enough new Holywood films available and a couple of French, Western, Asian and Bollywood films. In addition, the IFE offering also had plenty of radio stations and Album selections. In addition, the plan is equipped with an external camera. Air France is nowhere near a perfect carrier as there are things that Air France could do better in terms of its Premium Economy service which in my opinion would be: increasing portion sizes of meals and offering a bar service as only red wine was offered during the drinks service. Overall, Air France is a great alternative to fly across the Atlantic!
  BOD-CDG-ATL: Was having some major issue with Delta Airlines on my return trip due to numerous cancellations (COVID in US) and decided to pick a return flight with Air France instead of Delta. In Bordeaux Airport, a gentleman working at Air France Sales ticket counter worked hard to accommodate me by finding me a good flight for my return trip and thank him for it knowing that Air France had to deal with many stuck Delta Airlines customers in Europe. For Bordeaux to CDG and CDG to Atlanta: Great cabin service and very nice/professional crew. Seats are bit cramped but this is economy. Strange or not but A320 domestic flight has more legroom and width than the 350-900 for the long haul. A pleasurable experience! The negative aspect is the lack of coordination between Delta, Air France and KLM regarding ticketing and seat assignments.
  My first flight was cancelled last minute, causing me to be rebooked on a second flight. While frustrating, this sometimes can't be helped, especially with COVID and the winter weather. However, my flights were cancelled a total of three times, costing me $450 in COVID test fees, as well as $300 in hotel costs to stay near the airport due to the last minute cancellations and rebookings. Very poor communication from staff to passengers about what was happening with flights - we were sat for over an hour after the initial departure time waiting to hear what was happening, only to be repeatedly told we would be boarding "soon", followed by the surprise news that our flight was cancelled. It's incredibly frustrating to have to relay the messages back to my manager back home, and pray the next flight I book won't be cancelled. I understand that the current global situation has placed pressured on airlines, and I wouldn't be leaving a bad review over one cancelled flight. But to be told the flights will "definitely" be going ahead, and to be cancelled again and again, is frustrating and unprofessional for everyone involved. It also seems that very few other flights are having this happen to them, and even when I've flown during other points of the pandemic, I've never faced such poor communication and repeated cancellations. Staff were polite, but misinformation was still given, and everything felt poorly organised and poorly communicated to the staff left to answer questions to the stranded passengers. Airport travel is stressful enough, even when everything goes as planned. 
 I booked with KLM which was a nightmare. I was supposed to fly Air France SG to Rome and with KLM from Rome to SG but I changed my flight. Since my booking was made with KLM, it was impossible to get a hold of anyone when my VTL flight was cancelled and I was reassigned a non VTL flight. Air France was very professional despite my upset state and rearranged everything for me, and both my flights during this trip was extremely pleasant. The crew was very nice and helpful. I would next time just book directly with Air France. I would like to add that ground staff at CDG did a great job too. Thank you Air France!
  I booked my trip 2 months in advance. This airline canceled my flight in August 2021 the day before departure with no notification (I had received my confirmations and itinerary emails reliably so if something would have been sent I would have seen it. I also checked Spam and all the Promotions and Social folders in desperation). I only found out when I tried to check in online at 5pm the day before and saw it was canceled. I tried multiple times to reach the airline for help and the line hung up automatically after playing a message about the wait time. I would have gladly waited to speak with anyone. Multiple online searches with this airline showed no other flights available to my destination so I had to book a new reservation with a different carrier at more than double the cost ($1400 vs my original $600!). I did receive a full refund of my original purchase price but the airline would not take responsibility for the fact that their poor communication forced me to spend double+ on this trip than was budgeted and it was not possible to cancel and reschedule this trip. 
  Frankfurt - Toronto via Paris CDG. My first long-haul flight in pandemic. Air France took care of safety, handed out hygiene kits and staff payed attention that everyone is wearing a mask, so I felt safe while being onboard. All flights were on time and transfer at CDG airport was easy, only passport control took some time and boarding the flight to Toronto was a big chaos when all the documents were checked. Despite many bad reviews I think CDG is a good airport with attractive areas, great terminals, clear signage and helpful staff. Onboard experience on brand new A350 was pleasant, seats were comfortable and IFE was good with a lot of contents, but I didn`t like the selection of movies. A big plus was the free WIFI message pass, so I could send some whatsapp and pictures. The main meals on both flights were tasty with a free cup of Champagne. Snacks before landing were okay, but there were no alcoholic drinks with this second food service (cost cuttings or due to pandemic?). Otherwise AF offered free drinks (tea, coffee, juice, soft drinks and water) on short-haul flights between Paris and Frankfurt. Apart from some minor negative aspects this journey with Air France was very pleasant.
 Frankfurt - Toronto via Paris CDG. My first long-haul flight in pandemic. Air France took care of safety, handed out hygiene kits and staff paid attention that everyone is wearing a mask, so I felt safe while being onboard. All flights were on time and transfer at CDG airport was easy, only passport control took some time and boarding the flight to Toronto was a big chaos when all the documents were checked. Despite many bad reviews I think CDG is a good airport with attractive areas, great terminals, clear signage and helpful staff. Onboard experience on brand new A350 was pleasant, seats were comfortable and IFE was good with a lot of contents, but I didn`t like the selection of movies. A big plus was the free WIFI message pass, so I could send some whatsapp and pictures. The main meals on both flights were tasty with a free cup of Champagne. Snacks before landing were okay, but there were no alcoholic drinks with this second food service (cost cuttings or due to pandemic?). Otherwise AF offered free drinks (tea, coffee, juice, soft drinks and water) on short-haul flights between Paris and Frankfurt. Apart from some minor negative aspects this journey with Air France was very pleasant.
  Short flight on a brand new two and a half week old airplane. Air France delivered great service as expected. Check in at Charles de Gaulle was quick and friendly, but the terminal was pretty full once we got to security. Boarding was very fast on this full flight. I ended up falling asleep so didn’t get a snack but when I woke up I was offered two bottle of wine by the crew. Upon landing in Madrid I was able to take a picture of the cockpit. Very nice plane with a brand new smell and friendly crew. 
  Flew Air France for the first time on Thanksgiving Day for a quick trip to Europe. Check in was a breeze since the flight was only had full, once we boarded they’re was a blanket, pillow and headphones on each seat. Most passengers had their own row, which was great since it was an overnight flight and sleep was needed. Service onboard was fantastic, tasty dinner with champagne and wine, snacks in the back for mid flight and prior to landing a small baggie with a quick breakfast was offered. Inflight entertainment had a very good choice of movies and music to pass the time along.
  I purchased my ticket over 2 weeks ago. They cancelled my flight which is understandable, but when I tried to contact their customer service line, I waited for over 45mins on the line without an answer 3 times within 2 days. Finally, on the final attempt, my call was answered at 51mins waiting time. I was relieved, finally, I could speak to a human being and ask for help to my situation. The customer service rep literally said, "sorry there is nothing we can do, good bye" and preceded to hang up on me.
  Better flights overall on the return journey then outbound. Annoyed, however, that one of my two pieces of checked luggage did not arrive at IAD with me. Two days later, I still do not have my bag. Upon arrival in IAD, I was informed over the loudspeaker to come to the baggage counter where the form was already filled up for my signature and address for baggage delivery. I expected my bag - priority tagged for a business class ticket - to come 24 hours later on the next daily flight CDG-IAD, But, no, it came on the daily flight two days later. I see no reason why my bag was off loaded in the first place. I had an 8-hour layover in Paris which affords plenty of time for bags to be transferred. Also, I also see no reason why my bag could not have been prioritized for the next available flight to IAD the following day, not two days later. This was my first time flying AF in about 25 years and I can't say I'd be rushing to book with them again. They should prioritize their business class passengers paying several thousands of dollars for their tickets.
  It was very nice having a wide body with a 1-2-1 lie flat business class layout on a Moscow to Paris segment. Seats were comfortable, WiFi worked very well, and crew were lovely. However, amenities are on the zero side: no blankets / pillows or amenity kit was provided. Catering was also a bit on a low-side: salad was tasty, although no hot food on a 3.5 hour flight, only one kind of tea, not even basic things like lemon is given. CDG is a very confusing airport by its layout, although there were many staff members navigating passengers,  making the transfer efficient. A CDG - LHR leg was uneventful, a typical 1-hour intra-European hop, however, with extremely uncomfortable business class seats. A foie gras as a snack was a very nice touch. All in all, a decent experience for an EU airline. Air France nowadays seems to be a nice option to accrue a good bunch of miles subject to an attractive fare and if they schedule a widebody on a Moscow flight. However, in all other respects, I would strongly prefer KLM as a peer transit airline: they fly from LCY, their Schiphol hub is much much better for transit, the narrowbody seats are way more comfortable and staff generally better. Purely from a customer experience / segmentation perspective, AF seems to be decent, however, just not my type of airline. In addition to that, it flies into Heathrow Terminal 3: I am writing this review, standing through my first hour at passport control queue.
 My experience was very horrible. First they cancelled my flight on the morning I was going to fly. They put me on an alternate flight and when I arrived on the airport, it was a huge mess. The flight was delayed by almost two hours and for that reason I missed my connecting flight from Paris. I had to wait in Paris airport for six hours which caused me to miss my train from Milan to Rome and I did not get a refund for that booking. The air hostesses on the flights were very rude and unhelpful. When I was returning back from Milan to Paris I had requested assistance which unfortunately did not arrive at all at Paris airport. I was made to wait for a very long time and yet the assistance did not arrive. I had to walk by myself to the other terminal to get the connection and had to walk very fast as my time was wasted waiting for the assistance. When I entered the flight the attendants were very rude and did not help me put the luggage away in spite of requesting it. I was asked to do it by myself as they said that they will not do it at all. Again in London I did not receive any assistance and the flight was delayed by one hour they did not seem to care for any travelers who had connecting flights. No one was informed where are flights connection will be from. I had to run like crazy to catch the flight. I was given the wrong gate number when asked by one of the Air France representative. I barely made it to the flight and then I entered the Virgin Atlantic flight to San Francisco which was operated by Air France. I was told that there are only 10 blankets for the entire flight and I will not be able to avail the facility of the blanket. The headphones were broken and unusable. I will never recommend ever to anyone to use Air France and I will not use it either. I need my money which got wasted on cancellation of train.
  Check-in was a mess. There was a huge line for the Sky Priority check-in counters. No dedicated counters for business class as the cue I was in was mixed up with lots of people traveling in economy, but with status on Delta. Despite arriving at IAD 90 mins before departure, I ended up waiting in-line for almost an hour to check-in and then had to run like a madman to get to the gate. Staff at the counter cited "staffing shortages" as the reason for the very slow check-in. I was seated in the first small cabin of business class. I found the seat weird with an oddly positioned aisle side armrest. In the flat position, you feel like you are in a coffin. Food was utterly unremarkable - a pity given that it is a carrier from France which has such wonderful food. The selection of movies was large, but didn't have much of interest. I asked for a second cup of chamomile tea and was told they had run out .. seriously? i have brought my own tea bags if I knew they'd run out of it in business class. Flight attendants were friendly, but not once did any of the FAs respond to my using the call button. Why bother having them if they are going to be ignored. A far cry from Qatar Airway's business class with the great Q-Suite. Have three more legs with AF on this trip, so hoping for some improvement, although I expect the hard product to be the same.
  Was actually two way trip from LAX to LIN and vice-versa. Change at CDG got delayed over 3 hours. Return they cancel me from the flight for no reason, Upgrade to Business up to CDG and Premium Economy to LAX, from CDG lost my luggage. WIFI not working for 80% of the flight. 
  I was booked onto a flight with only a 45 minute layover which is already difficult. The flight from Tunis was delayed which meant I had to sprint to my next flight. I had asked the crew on board if they could call ahead to tell the plane I was coming and they said no - I had time to make the connection (by the time the flight arrived I had 25 mins). I had to go through security again - a horrible woman put my bag through extra screening just because I told her I was in a rush and when I got to my gate (miraculously 10mins before the scheduled departure time) they told me the flight had already left. It was the last flight of the day out to Geneva meaning I had to spend the night at an Ibis in Paris, wake up at the crack of dawn to make the first flight out in the morning and still had to take an additional day out of my annual leave to compensate for Air France staff utter uselessness! Not once in this whole process did anyone try and help me, no one even apologized! The worst flight experience I have ever had. PS - whilst this particular leg was awful, every single other leg of this journey, including both flights outbound to Tunis were delayed as well. Definitely will never be flying with Air France again.
  
I booked a ticket (Miami to Paris via Madrid and Paris to Miami via Madrid) for my daughter through Air Europa. The Paris to Madrid flight was subcontracted to Air France. My daughter went to Air France, dropped her luggage and presented her travel documents. The agent checked these documents and gave her the boarding pass attached with a green dot to clear her. Well, once in Madrid and right before embarking to Miami, she was refused access to the plane because she did not have a negative PCR. How can an Air France agent let her board a plane for the USA without checking or asking about the PCR test and still clear her to board a plane. I have been trying to reach someone at Air France and file a complaint but because my booking is with Air Europa I cannot do so. I filed a complaint with Air Europa and of course am ignored. I texted many employees from corporate with Air France and each time asked to contact Air Europa. This is disrespectful and unprofessional because Air France should be aware of the wrong doing of their employees and make sure this mistake does not happen again.
  I was booked in premium economy and upon check-in, I was able to upgrade from premium economy to business for only $300. While you can get the seat almost fully flat it is a hard surface and they did not provide any special bedding. No bed linen, nothing.  Very disappointing. The temperature in the cabin was pretty high during the entire flight so I was not able to sleep. On my connecting flight during the day and 3 hours, I was freezing. A 3-course meal and you had the choice between 3 main courses. The main course (steak) was tasty and the pastry too, but not on the level you'd expect in business class. Only 4 different wine choices.  The offered wine was good, but the choices were not. They offer a bunch of movies but not many recent ones. The worst thing was the lack of service between dinner and breakfast. Not a single time did the FA's come around offering water. You had to go to the galley and ask for it. As a biz class pax. Try to find another carrier with a better service but at least do not overpay for business class on this airline. 
  Check in counter employee was rude, did not know the required documents and took advantage of me being in a hurry to catch the flight after wasting my time to check eligibility. First of all she insisted that I was not eligible to fly. She went to review with her superior and waste a lot of time until they finally approved that I was eligible to go on this flight. When she finally asked about my luggage, I had two small bags where she claimed that one of them cannot be considered as carry on after I gave her the first bag. I asked her to substitute between the bag I sent and the other bag she told me she cannot withdraw the first bag it has already gone to the plane. So she demanded 75 euros to be paid using a credit card. The problem was that I wasn't carrying a credit card and the clock was ticking so I was embarrassed in front of all travelers begging them to take my cash and pay on my behalf. The situation was awfully embarrassing.
  They have positively reviewed my claim for ticket refund 3 months ago, but I still have to see my money back! I am inside of EU, so theoretically they have 7 days to make the refund. There is no way to contact them other than by phone (there are no online forms for this case) but the representatives have misinformed me several times without me having any proof of it, so I strongly advise to not use this point of contact. 
  Short crowded turbulent flight. Excellent attendant, typical European business class seating. Minimal “snack”, Captain was reassuring and vocal. My business class tagged bag was last to arrive.
  The best flight since Covid on any carrier. Efficient friendly service, delicious food and drinks served in glassware and cutlery. Proving current cuts in service on other carriers is not as claimed, Covid related. Good seat, good entertainment, great experience. A few points of for not checking belts and upright seats for landing but other than that great!
  Customer Service was extremely poor at CDG Airport. No agents available to answer questions or assist withe kiosks etc. No separate check in for business class and most checkin done by passengers after they figured out how to print bag tags and load bags on belt. The service in business was unbelievable. We were on board 1.5 hours with a posted ATC delay and waiting for late passengers. No preflight service offered. After departure, only given drinks during lunch service. I had to go to attendants station to request a wine refill, but it never showed for my wife or self. Finally, after ringing on service button, mine showed, but not wife's. For two meals, I was served two pasta dishes. I've had better service in Coach. Bottom line, we will never again fly AF.
  My biggest complaint is that they only provided a 10 minute window for boarding. There was a last minute gate change. I’m sure that they announced the gate change because there were announcements in both German and French.  I missed out on the information about the last minute gate change. When I noticed that the next flight was going to Morocco, I knew something was wrong so I looked at the departures and rushed to the correct gate. When I got there, the doors were already closed. They rebooked me into a middle seat in regular economy. My original booking was premium economy. They claimed that there were no seats available in premium economy but I saw that there were. I had to pay for my own hotel room because the next flight available was for the next day. I complained to the airline and they basically said how unfortunate it must be to be me. They won’t do anything.
  I really appreciated the Air France. They were punctual, the flight attendants were amazing, polite & humble. Respond when needed. The food was good & the announcement was clear. When I was using online check in to get boarding pass, it was really perfect & I could easily use the check in & the boarding pass process with my cellphone, so there was no need of looking or searching for a laptop in the hotel where I stayed. I really recommend Air France for travel.
  Air France is providing zero service in Business Class on flights between the UK and France. I flew Manchester to Paris and was offered nothing. Not even water. The crew disappeared to the back of the aircraft and closed the curtain for the entire flight. When I asked the Purser working the flight why there was no inflight service he advised AF had taken the decision to scrap all service throughout the aircraft on UK-France flights 'due to COVID'. What a joke.
  Great all round experience once in the air. On the ground is a different story! The good experience was really down to a fabulous crew. Very professional and charming. The food & beverages was really good. It seems like out of CDG the on board experience has really picked up since I last flew AF out of CDG just prior to covid. Great selections and quality along with awesome presentation. The 787 is really great for long haul. Good seats, good entertainment, quiet cabin and good amenities. Arrived in DTW approx 45 mins ahead of schedule. The bad part is the ground service. I'm sure the rush to travel now restrictions are being eased does not help, but at both LIS and CDG the boarding process is pandemonium. No-one seems to understand zoned boarding, so you literally have to fight your way through throngs of people to board at your allotted time. The paperwork for Covid related info at CDG was never addressed over the PA, but there was a table (without pens) and some papers that should be filled out, but no-one working the gate said anything until you were scanning your BP with the gate agent, so many people would then retreat back to the table and back through the line of passengers waiting to board. To cap all this, a PAX traveling with her 7 YO son was denied boarding and caused a major commotion for about 20 mins as she had been misinformed about her sons test. OK maybe this isn't on Air France, but from what she screamed to the security agents would suggest she had been given the wrong info by Air France the previous day when she was denied boarding because she didn't have the correct test to travel to USA. After getting the required test she arrived at the gate of my flight only to be denied because her son had not been tested. I know this is 100% on the passenger, but she had been misinformed about this requirement by AF the previous day in regards to her son, so certainly have some sympathy for her. Overall it added enormously to the chaos and CDG is not best equipped to have an entire widebody's load of PAX jostling and not observing any kind of distancing. Apart from the poor ground service the only negative thing while in the air was the terrible wifi. Such slow speeds even emailing was futile and considering I paid to be connected the entire flight, I couldn't really work on anything.
  Check in and security at AMS were a great example of kindness from all KLM employees. They deserve respect. Boarding by stairs. Hand luggage could not be carried with us. CRJ is a rather uncomfortable aircraft (compared with Embraer's) and a 90 mn flight was not nice for my legs. Service on board was efficient.
  Paris CDG to Warsaw , August 16th 2021 Economy class. As Air France is no longer giving miles to it's Skyteam Partners Travelers (I'm Frequent flyer Gold with Aeroflot) with Economy class tickets, but only with Economy Premium tickets - from now on I'll fly Easy Jet within the Schengen area, and other SkyTeam airlines except Air France outside the Schengen area. 
 Still the worst among major European airlines. CDG still cramped and overcrowded despite Covid. Disorganised boarding process with no respect of zones or announcements. Old and tired medium haul cabin. Flight delayed with no explanation. Easyjet's a way better option for intra European travel.
  Our flight was delayed for 2 hours, wish I could cope with thought. But after that it went from bad to worse. They firstly announced that they forgot a part of the luggage in Paris, so we had to wait till the next flight to receive them.  Every day we hoped for some good news, but we ended up spending our 3 week trip without our cloths and presents we got for our family over there. When the flight back also got delayed 35 mins I was disappointed. Luckily the air attendants were kind during the flight, otherwise it would have been a total nightmare. I really hope they will get our luggage back to us and refund all the clothes and stuff we had to buy, otherwise it will be our last time flying with them. 
  This was the worst trip experience I ever had. I first of all kept getting pushed back because my covid result never came on time then, advised me to get a rapid test. My final destination was Douala and they didn't let me get on because, I had a rapid test. They took us to go get the test but, had us wait for an hour just to tell us, it was closed. Since, I had no more boarding pass, I couldn't go upstairs and was with my daughter .. no food and no change in currency. They wanted my daughter and I to sleep there, they didn't even have plugs for our phones. I didn't have food or anything and my daughter was tired and hungry. I became irritated and wanted to call the U.S embassy since I am in the military. The lady then negotiated for me and I got a choice, to take the ticket back to the US. I finally flew back home, lost my voucher, spent money for nothing and they lost two of my luggage. This was the worst travel experience I ever had, including customer service for the most part.
  I am writing to warn not to trust Air France's information system called "Travel Docs," which is their version of TIMATIC for checking document requirements. Everything I looked up is wrong. I checked TWOV in AMS, entry into DE & RO and each response was that entry is forbidden. That is simply incorrect. I checked the gold standard TIMATIC and learned that their information is the same that I got from each of those three countries' consulates. It is just shocking that a long-established airline company cannot be trusted to provide accurate information to its passengers. Very discourteous ground staff at LAX - they should hire staff who know how to treat the public with courtesy. Food's not what it used to be, but nothing really is.
  The worst experience I have had during my international trips. First they canceled my flight and changed it with the flight that departed 10 hours later then initial flight. They did warn me 20 days before the date but what am I supposed to do with my planned vacation? The thing is, that I arrived at 22:40, at the terminal where everything, every shop was closed. So luckily I had snacks and water with me otherwise I don’t know what would I do. 
  My wife and our son had a terrible experience on this flight. Our Screen flight map wasn't working while other seats next to us were working. We were offered only a vegetarian meal while everyone else was offered 2 options: chicken and vegetarian. We can't eat vegetarian food and hence we didn't eat. I escalated this to the manager of the flight attendants and he was rude and condescending. We had over an hour delay in getting our bags because they did not offer the passengers the declaration form for entering Cairo in advance. It was offered by your office at Cairo airport when the flight arrived in Cairo. This caused a huge delay because the passengers had to sit in the airplane to fill those forms. Which caused the bags to be sitting on the belt for pick up and all passengers spent over an hour to get their bags. 
  Been sitting in the aircraft from the moment of boarding. 30 minute delay. Felt like they didn’t have the AC on the whole time. Keep in mind the Dubai weather in May. Upwards of 44 degrees. Very unpleasant. Flew with them before. Never had a pleasant flight. Highly not recommend this airline.
  The COVID measures taken by Air France are unsatisfactory. Ok this was an early morning flight (6am), still at the boarding there is no whatsoever priority or attention given to avoid jamming and crowding of passengers. At the gate all passengers are let into the plane regardless of row number, in one long queue. This had lead to huge jams, waiting and crowding in the plane when people were stowing their luggage into the compartments above the seats. I was sitting at an aisle seat when an elderly couple wanted to sit at a close by row. some other passenger had by mistake taken one of their seat. Then they started to unload their luggage when changing seat, the couple had a large suitcase which did not fit, two fellow passangers stood up to help them - suddenly a huge crowd of people everyone talking and shuffling around for 10-15 minutes until everyone got their seat. During all onboarding process there was no staff to be seen to help in any way, no announcements given that could have instructed passengers. The staff could have spotted the big suitcases and helped to stow them away in the front of the plane. A very unpleasant experience during COVID times, I will avoid this airline going forward.
  Horrible experience. I misconnected at CDG and consequently had to stay in Paris for two days. Air France has not offered me any sort of assistance, no meal vouchers, no courtesy call, no hotel accommodation, no transfer voucher or any compensation whatsoever. When I arrived at my final destination (more than two days later) I found out that my suitcase was also lost by the airline. No compensation for that either, no apologies from the airline. Just saying nothing is their fault. Why did I misconnect? After arriving on stand, the Captain told us that there was no ground staff available to operate the jetbridge. So we had to wait. Only one dispatcher for so many flights - the Captain’s words. We were seated on the aircraft for about 45 minutes. Naturally a lot of people started to panic and complain while still on board, heavy arguments started between crew and passengers regarding who should be re-seated, with swear words flying around. After disembarkation a long run started. Be aware, if you are planning to connect at CDG. Most of the airport is closed/unused. Transfer signs are covered with A4 sheets with handwritten “closed” notes and arrows on them. Staff are blocking routes and re-directing passengers. Only two immigration officers at transfer area, processing several hundred passengers. Only a few security lines open at transfer area, for a huge crowd of people. Buses between terminals run every half an hour and I am not exaggerating. Air France knows you can’t connect in such a short time, because it’s simply impossible. They will still sell you a ticket. Because they don’t care if you misconnect. Please only try to connect at CDG if you have at least 3 hrs to connect! And the worst of all, after misconnecting, together with approximately 40 other passengers, we went back to the ticket desk to seek assistance. We were immediately told there was no compensation, no assistance and no rebooking. Without even checking our tickets. Several passengers were immediately reduced to tears. I have never in my life encountered such rude, unhelpful and arrogant personnel. If you are unfortunate enough and must travel at these uncertain times due to an emergency, please please avoid Air France and CDG airport, or if you can’t, make sure you have at least an extra EUR 500 in your pocket to cover hotel expenses for yourself. And please check what alternatives you have in case you misconnect. Also, having a through ticket, purchased directly from Air France doesn’t really help either if you misconnect, they will tell you it’s not their fault you misconnected, so they are not obligated to look after you. I hope this review is useful to someone out there.
  An excellent journey with a hard working and attentive crew. Food was superb and as if out of a kitchen rather than the standard aircraft pre heated meals. Very well prepared with a great selection of drinks. Worth every cent spent. Nice film and music selection. It was a nice trip throughout to destination. My thanks to the crew for their hard work and bringing fun back to flying.
  Everything is good, not excellent but not bad. The crew is very nice, but the food could be better. The comfort is ok, the movies are good but they are a lot of French ones so if your not speaking French, your choice will be limited.
  The worst customer service, waiting for the refund after the cancelation of a refundable ticket, it's been more than 7 months. Every time I call they keep repeating to wait for the email with the issued refund, I am so disappointed with their service.
  Excellent way to fly between Europe and Brazil. The aircraft is now firmly my favourite, the route between Europe and Sao Paulo is always bumpy, but the A350 seems to be the best at ironing out as much of the turbulence as possible, the previous "best" was the 777-300 but the A350 seems substantially more comfortable in bad weather. Air France uses this aircraft on this route, the cabin appears to be brand new, the screens are really nice. The economy seat is a little hard but no more so than any other economy seat. As Platinum flying blue I am able to choose for free my seat so I was able to peg a seat at the front of economy so I had a) extra legroom and b) I was able to disembark earlier than most which is huge when queues for immigration control are already long enough. Dinner was poor last night, chicken with mash and a mushroom sauce, generally its better, breakfast looked nice, but I do not like eggs (not their fault). Staff on the flight were really good, very supportive to a passenger next to me who was very nervous, came and thanked me as a Platinum member for my custom, its not necessary but still a nice touch. Flight was on time leaving and early arriving, was a really good price with a no catches refund policy which is really great in this pandemic situation. Other than the Chicken and Mash they didn't put a foot wrong.
  We had four tickets to New York to fly September 2020, it was June and we didn't even know if would fly or not so we decided to cancel it in advance thinking they would return the money as they said they would only charge us with a small amount. Our surprise was when they took 75% of the total amount! They only return 25% of the ticket and didn't even provide a voucher. This was the worst customer service I have received.
 This is the worst company ever! I really suggest you avoid Air France. I booked a ticket for a trip in March 2020 which was canceled due to covid. We are in February 2021 and I still have not got my refund! They are just so rude and arrogant! If you don't want to waste your money, you better chose another company.
  On 10/03 Air France employees refused to let my mother board a flight from Nairobi to Atlanta via Paris. She requested that the employees at the airport to cancel and reimburse the full ticket fee and I also called customer care to help resolve this issue. However, we have not gotten a full refund of my cancel ticket. This airline allowed passengers to purchase airfare tickets three days to travel day with a layover in Paris, France without warning that passengers travelling to America will not be allowed in Europe. Upon arrival at the airport, they refused we board the flight to Atlanta, GA. Customer service was extremely rude, I was on hold for at least 2 hours trying to reschedule my flight or get a refund - none of which happened. If laying over in Pairs, France they will require you to get a mandatory visitor visa.
  I was very impressed with the way the Air France staff handled everything, from my departure in Barcelona to landing in Mumbai. We experienced bad luck with the weather, we were going to land in Mumbai before time but there was a storm and we had to divert to Bangalore and refuel before we could head to Mumbai when the weather got better. Overall the experience was so bad, but you could not get frustrated at the airline because they were so understanding and reassuring. While we had an additional 5 hours of just sitting around and waiting, they had to do extra hours of very hard work dealing with frustrated passengers! Just wanted to leave a positive review for how polite the flight attendants were, how much they smiled and looked after me!
  When buying tickets Istanbul to Cancun via Paris there was a warning about the documents to enter Mexico. In fact, they were not allowed on board, because there was no transit visa. How was I supposed to find out about this? in the end, the money was not returned, no other options were offered, I had to fly with another airline.  I understand that this is a problem of the government, and not the airline, but why did I find out about this only when checking in?!
  I purchased a ticket from Los Angeles to Tunis with a connecting flight in Paris. The security that allows people to board did not allow me to fly. I presented her with all the documentation needed to fly to enter Tunis.  They claimed that I they would not let me fly because I’m American, and these are circumstances of covid 19, and I had to purchase a ticket. I wound up flying to Turkey where I had no problem flying to Tunis. Air France allowed me to fly from Los Angeles to Paris and then did not allow me to fly to Tunis?  My ticket to Tunis also had a returning flight back to the US which they canceled. I spoke with the manager in the Paris airport and she told me to figure out how I’m going to get home. Air France also managed to lose my luggage. Up until now I have only gotten one of the two luggage. The entire experience was a complete nightmare I will never fly with Air France again.
  I had a very bad experience with this company. Booked a flight and had to cancel - cancelled within 1 hour from booking - was promised I would get a refund within 24h but never received any refund. After more than a month and at least 20 calls to customer service later, I received 280 dkk instead of 284.93 euro that i paid for the tickets. This equals 38 euros out of the total of 284.93 euro! After this I called the customer service about 10 times and each time had to explain what happened and each time I was promised they would correct it yet it took me 10 phone calls to have a case created and after that i have not heard anything for a month. Today I called again and was promised the agent would follow up and call me today - noone called hence I called again. I was transferred to another department that never answered the phone hence I called again and the lady could not even send me an email stating when I would get the remaining of my money back. She only said that she thinks that I will have to wait for 3 more weeks which means after more than 2 months of waiting for a reimbursement that was supposed to be executed within 24h - in best case scenario I will have to wait for 3 months. I was a happy AF customer but now with this bad customer service, I will go elsewhere.
 So I am one of the old farts that loves flying in the old 747 and 767s. However it is difficult to be unimpressed by the A350. Air France's set up is attractive, this aircraft looked very new indeed and was very nicely presented. New economy seats are all uncomfortable in my experience and this was no exception. I had 3 seats to myself so I was very comfortable but had I been in a full plane this would have been a long 11 hours indeed. The seat is pretty hard, the legroom is not bad for the class, one of the benefits of hard seats is their shape seems to generate a bit more space for the person behind. Entertainment system is good but not brilliant like Emirates system. I think you need to download an app before flying to access their wifi. The food was really disappointing. Pasta in a tomato sauce with a grain salad. I know Air France has meals available for purchase prior to flying, it would seem they are trying to push people in that direction as the free option was pretty poor. Staff we generally good, one steward hassled me for not wearing a mask at a time I was drinking water, really annoying but generally the staff were nice. Flying conditions were grim but the A350 skipped above the trouble at 40000 feet, it was bouncy but less modern aircraft would have been all over the place. I am being persuaded by the new kids on the block! All in all decent flight, price was good but Air France can do much better on the food.
 There was a possible delay with the first leg but information was provided all the time. The service was extremely nice and polite. The aircrafts were comfortable but have some dust on the side of the seats by the windows. There was complementary basic wifi on the second leg.
  If your 2 pieces allowed (1 carry on + extra) weigh more than 12kg you will be charge 45 euros. They will check your bag weight on terminal 2f before security check there is a lady there. My bag was carry on 10.2 kg and extra bag was 4kg ( my laptop is heavy) a 45 euro charge.
  In the least crowded time of traveling the airline lost my baggage (1 suitcase). It has been 2 days now that I am in Paris and I have been given 3 different stories as to where my suitcase is, the first one said it arrived on at 9.42am just an hour after my flight arrived, another earlier today said it arrived 11am. The last customer service person, said that my suitcase is on the way, then I asked to speak to a manager she said she doesn't have one and replied "you're talking to me, sir" before hanging up. Behold! This is how you are treated by this company, they loose your baggage and take no accountability and just outright lie to you without remorse. I will no longer be relying on Air France for any of my travels. There is no excuse for this horrible service as at this point the Covid pandemic is nothing new and the airline can't blame the loss of my baggage for having an elevated number of travelers/passengers flying. It is now Tuesday evening in Paris and I'm leaving back to NY on Monday. I wonder if I will even have my suitcase by then. Don't waist your money on Air France.
  Marseilles to Athens. Even during covid-19 their inflight service was good, they offer beer or wine or spirit. Announcements were on French, English and Greek. The A320 was ok with sufficient legroom.
  Other than horrible seating for anyone with the slightest back problems or other problems which I might not be familiar with, the food is definitely not for most people’s taste. I’m not even going to elaborate on customer service. My luggage didn’t make it to the flight. Why? Answer: “you only had 1 hr and 15 mins before flights. This was my first time flying with Air France. I have another trip planned, which I hope to cancel. My delayed luggage was supposed to arrive 2 days later than my initial flight. (15th of August) it’s now 17th of August and no trace of baggage. I called and emailed several times. This morning I’ve been told there’s a car dropping off my suitcase at 1-2 pm. No action has been taken. They’ve stopped answering my calls and emails. It’s the time of a global pandemic and us, travelers, have to quarantine. I was left in a cold room. You guessed it, not a hotel; not any other place I’m familiar with. I have nothing. I don’t have my medicine, warm clothes, a blanket, the necessities. I can’t go out to buy stuff anymore. I filed a compensation form, too. They replied, asking for flight details and pictures, which I provided. It is now days later and I still don’t have answers. Phone lines not picking up. Horrible customer service. The worst experience ever and I’m not a stranger to flying different distances.
  Today as I boarded the flight, i am greeted by two gentlemen wearing on their shirt a badge with “safety/security” written on. One of them had the mask only on the chin, uncovering the nose. This shows lack of professionalism. These days more than ever, every detail is capital.
  Our flights Paris - Palma de Mallorca were cancelled in April and I had no reply to my claim since then. We paid 350 EUR in February for these flights and it is now almost August. I feel scammed by Air France. Up until today, no refund, no information, no reimbursement even though we are theoretically protected by European consumer laws - they clearly do not care about these laws. Customers come last for Air France. 
  I have been trying to get a reimbursement of my tickets booked for October 2020 and am still trying to get a resolution! 5 months later and numerous phone calls to be told that it is being processed, but have not received anything yet. I have started sending emails, and have been bounced around to every department that they have. I finally received an email today July 19 2020 stating that my ticket was not refundable! Nowhere on my documentations does it state that it is non refundable, in fact when speaking with the gentleman who booked our flights he stated that we could cancel and the fee would be 75.00 euro. I have been given in correct information from just about everyone I have spoken to.  I have requested on numerous occasions to speak with a supervisor to be told in the email that they can not contact my by phone. I find that it is interesting they can request payment immediately but I'm waiting 5 months for funds to be returned. They have not offered any solutions, just a flat statement that my ticket is non refundable. I am writing this as I sit on hold which has now been for over an hour! Do not fly with this company, they do not disclose the truth, will not answer questions, ignore requests for information.
  My Kiev to Nantes via Amsterdam flight for the end of July was partially cancelled. No option to get cashback for the whole flight. No alternative proposed by the airline. Reservation was done directly through the site airfrance.fr. Flight is served by Air France and KLM. Search in Internet and on Air France site for solution: no solution. Search in Internet and on Air France site for e-mail or other digital communication service: no solution. Call Air France French support - after 40 minutes I got a person answered in English, which redirected me on other phone line. After 40 minutes on the other hone line the call is ended with no answer. Next day after 1 hour I got an answer that I should contact KLM service support for my problem. After 1 hour on phone I finally got in contact with KLM. They told that I should call another country KLM customer support.
  My wife and I had plans to visit in March and April 2020. Do to Covid19, we rebooked our trip to August 17, 2020. Recently there was some mix up and our new reservation disappeared. We contacted Air France USA and they offered to reinstate the reservation or issue a voucher. Due to the uncertainty caused by Covid19, we decided to have the voucher issued. The person that assisted us was very helpful and made the experience easy. We are looking forward to visiting France in 2021 when things are more settled. We would like to thank Air France USA for the excellent service they provided. This experience and the service we received during our last flights on Air France, make Air France our first choice of airline.
  Vienna to Munich via Paris in March 2020. Exceptionally well trained and friendly staff, from the moment I arrived at the airport to the moment when I left my arriving airport. The food was outstanding for a short haul flight while my seat in the first row offered plenty of space. The only down side was that there was no jacket hanger (just put it on the middle seat), aside of that especially the quality of the food and the crew were outstanding. Also very flexible with additional/overweight baggage. Despite there being no monitors, the airline seems to offer an app for entertainment, which I did not make any use of.
  
I decided to fly with Air France because of their reputation and quality of service. Moreover their price was competitive compared to other airlines. I had to fly end of April and return beginning of May. But as many other passengers my flight was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and had to be canceled by the airline. I understand that it is a force-major situation that has never happened before and I understand that they can't refund immediately the money to all the passengers. I was happy to get a refundable travel voucher so applied for one on their web site. My main review is for the experience with their customer service. The support staff in Bulgaria was very polite and helpful. I got all the necessary information and assistance from them. And although I had some feud up later with the support staff from their headquarter in France, I am overall satisfied with the customer service received. A week after exchanging e-mails with the headquarter I received my refundable travel voucher. I would most likely try to send it on another flight since I just postponed my trip and not canceled it at all. Had I have received a better customer service from the staff in France I would have give 10 of 10 rating.
  Frankfurt to Quito via Paris in September 2019. The plane left Frankfurt 45 minutes late. Therefore, I arrived together with 5 other passengers at the gate of my connection flight in Paris only 35 minutes before departure. At this point of time, there was no employee from Air France present at the gate. After a couple of minutes, two employees came back from the airplane (which still was there) to the gate. They told us that boarding is only possible up to 30 minutes before departure and that the plane will leave in 28 minutes, therefore we were not allowed to board anymore. A request for refund was denied. Reason for deny a refund was that the delay of the first flight was caused by “heavy air traffic” in Europe. 
  Booked flights for myself and family for March 18th. This airline is a complete and utter nightmare. Just got an email response to my request for a refund.  Email just apologised for delay and hoped my problem was resolved! No it is not resolved. That why I was contacting you! They have taken my money, cancelled the flights and not given me my money back. Good luck getting through on the phone. They know nothing and can do nothing. 
  I have flown the Air France’s Business class several times and that’s actually one of my favourite business class product. Especially for the seat which is great - try to avoid their A380s which are equipped with the old one. I really enjoyed the food and the crew was great, very friendly. The Lounge in New York JFK is amazing.
  Paris to Tel Aviv. I booked months ago, a long week end in Israel and Coronavirus arrived.  Air France was very fair, on their website , they offered to cancel your flight and give you the voucher of the same value for another flight valid 1 year. 
  New York to Paris. This  experience was terrible. Avoid Air France at all cost. They’re taking advantage of the virus situation to have people pay way to much for an expected service that doesn’t match your lower expectations. My food was inedible.  No entertainment on the plane, screens not working.They don’t even give you towels or hand sanitizer. My experience was bad, from beginning to end. I’ll never fly Air France again.
  Cairo to Oslo via Paris. I never got to travel.  I ordered a ticket from them online on the 14th March 2020. Everything seemed in order and I received a confirmation that the booking was confirmed. I could also see that the amount had been reserved on my MasterCard. The e-mail with the confirmation did not include a lot of information other than a link to the details of my trip online. By accessing the link I could see that everything was in order. The next day, when my travel was supposed to take place, I checked the link once more, but this time nothing showed up. I just got a blank internet site. By contacting the airline, they informed me that my booking was cancelled by them. I had received no information about this from the airline. The given reason was that it was apparently not possible to order a trip from Egypt with Air France online within the last 72 hours before departure. Nothing on their website had indicated this as far as I could see and my booking had through. The man I spoke to had no solution to this problem, but told me I had to personally show up at the airport and order a flight from Air France and pay in cash. I told him I needed a booking to make sure I got a seat, given the coronavirus situation. He made a new booking in my name and told me I had to pay for the tickets at the airport before 22:00 p.m. I went to the airport very early to make sure I would get my ticket in good time, but at the airport there were no one from Air France. By calling them I got information that my second booking also had been cancelled (again with no warning from the airline) and that they wouldn't have personel on the airport until three hours before the flight, meaning not before 22:50 hours p.m. The guy I spoke to this time said he would make a new booking for me, but he could not guarantee that this new booking would also not be cancelled and he could give no guarantee for availability. This was "not in their policy", so he could basically do nothing. I asked him if it was in their policy to accept two bookings from a customer, reserve money on their credit card and then cancel the booking twice without giving any information or heads-up to their customer. A question for which their representative had no answer.  I was not willing to take anymore chances of delaying my booking any further, so I booked another trip with Emirates without any issues at all. Now, four days later, on Tuesday 17th march, the amount is still reserved on my MasterCard. As a finishing touch, I might add that I had three friends who actually made the trip with AirFrance on the very same flight I was supposed to take. The time of their booking online? The very same day as I made mine, meaning, well within 72 hours of departure.
  Oslo to Miami via Paris. Were supposed to fly the day after the US initiated the travel ban from Europe. The check-in didn't work, rescheduling didn't work and cancellation didn't work. I got the same error-message each time asking me to contact customer service. Tried to call two days in a row, but the Norwegian number didn't work. Tried to contact them on Facebook, but the response I got was that I could check in my hand baggage for free. Still haven't received any information regarding my flight, and there is no way I can contact them.
  I had booked a flight Marrakech to Istanbul Via Paris with Air France on early January. I have a Moroccan passport and I did check on the web site of France Government if I do need a transit Visa for my two hours layover and it appears that Moroccans do not need one. Air France agent refuse to process my check in stating that I need a transit Visa. I requested her to double check but she refuses to process my check in and confirmed that they will refund me the total cost of my ticket. I gave up and purchased a direct ticket for the following day. Since the flight date, March 4th, I've been contacting Air France for my refund and they have been telling me to contact Expedia. When I do so, Expedia is telling that Air France are responsible for their refuse and there is nothing they can do. They are also telling me that the system reports that I did not show up to the flight. I am not sure why this agent refused to process my check-in. Now I am unable to get a refund of the ticket and ended up paying another ticket for the next day which costs me way more because of the time frame.
  We had booked 2 business class tickets for April and decided to postpone the trip due to the coronavirus outbreak. When trying to make the change online, we inadvertently canceled the trip. I called customer service during business hours, waited for 30 minutes, and was then disconnected. I called back, waited another 20 minutes, was connected with the wrong department who couldn't help me and told me to call back the next day. When I called back, I was told that the "refunds department" had already processed a partial refund (half of the ticket price) and they could not reinstate our tickets. They said that the partial refund would take 4-6 weeks to process. 
  Paris to Dusseldorf. I was scheduled to fly British Airways to London to connect to Paris, and then Air France to Dusseldorf on a No Baggage ticket. However, the flight was delayed four hours and so they transferred me to AF for flt 65 to CDG. I was not accepted as a passenger because my carry-on luggage (a laptop bag and a carry-on suitcase) weighed 20.2 kg.  Air France asked me to pay them $50 to transport this, but I did not feel that a $250 charge per kilogramme to be reasonable, so I returned to BA and flew on them arriving at CDG at 17:40. My flight to DUS was at Terminal 2G and I arrived too late for my booked flight. Air France ground staff was uninterested in mitigating the misconnexion and demanded an extortianate payment of 300€ to be put on the next flight. Instead, I stayed overnight in Paris (59€) and went to Düsseldorf by train (139€). 
  Air France have for the second time in as many trips cancelled my early arrival into Accra Ghana. A flight that was supposed to arrive into Ghana at 17.45 now arrives at 21.40. They didn't even have the decency to move the outward flight from the original 9.00am departure so as to minimize waiting time. So to recap, their proposal is leave at 09.00 to arrive at 21.40. For a flight to Ghana. Not Hong Kong, Ghana which is around 6 hours away. So their depriving me of one whole day in effect. That seems to be Air France's default approach, make the passenger worse off. The last time I flew with them (to my Father's funeral) they cancelled my Saturday departure and put me on the Sunday flight. Around an hour of phone calls later I was moved to the Friday service. And during that flight I never did receive the glass of cognac I requested post my meal. The first time I have flown with a national carrier and wasn't served cognac as part of the bar service. This time around, again I'm worse off. I will never choose this carrier again.
  Brisbane to Paris via Hong Kong booked for June 2020. Air France Sydney office used to be very helpful, not any more, and they don't answer their phone. So I had to book online, business class to Paris and back to Brisbane. All booked and paid for. Then I discovered that Air France had substituted an economy flight to Brisbane without my knowledge. I specified business on the web site, but only afterwards did I find that an economy leg had been substituted. 
  Paris to Madrid. I was suffering a stong migrane at Paris airport. Luckily I had the chance to count on the help of a magnificent Air France member who made sure I got inside the plane and he took care of my hand luggage and talked to the cabin crew so I was carefully looked after during the flight. I cannot be more thankful to the whole Air France team .
  Paris to New York JFK. I sincerely wanted to thank the crew of flight AF 022 for their kindness and their very kind service. When I asked for information about the flight, they responded quickly and efficiently. The staff were smiling and kind, rarely encountered on other flights. I was touched by the certificate of the entire Air France team signed by the cabin manager Sebastien and the two lucky stones from Madagascar. Thank you very much for a wonderful flight! Je tenais sincerement a remercier l`equipage du vol AF 022 pour sa gentillesse et leur service tres aimable. Quand j`ai demande des renseignements sur le vol, ils ont repondu rapidement et avec efficacite. Le personnel etait souriant et gentil, rarement rencontre dans les autres vols. J`ai ete touchée par le certificat de toute l`equipe Air France signee par le chef de cabine Sebastien et les deux pierres porte bonheur de Madagascar. Merci beaucoup pour un merveilleux vol! Irene Damm
  Tokyo to Birmingham via Paris CDG with Air France. Very average. Seat uncomfortable, old and shabby. Clearly showing its age. Leg room and recline ok. Inflight entertainment, very aged, poor interface, tiny screen, and poor selection of films and TV. No plug on the seat, and only a USB2 slot. Food, good selection, main meal and breakfast nice, good selection of snacks throughout. Minimal alcohol available outside of meal service. Airport: CDG full of rude staff. Overall a poor experience, rescued only by the fact that it was a pretty cheap flight.
  Mumbai to Frankfurt via Paris. Rude staff who were indifferent to me. Distributed snacks to random seats and omitted the rest. Onward journey welcome beverages and mail meal were served at the same time.  Return journey: Snacks were  skipped. Breakfast was the main meal, and cabin crew collecting the trash 15 minutes after serving. Seats were extremely tight. Calls for drinking water when going out from window seat was very challenging and went unanswered. My food was minimal. Toilet lacked hand disinfectant and hand moisturiser. Online check in  was slow, and took me nearly 1.5 hours to check-in after at least 6 attempts. Paris- Frankfurt was worse, and the food included warm beverage and 2 biscuits or a croissant
 Copenhagen to Buenos Aires via Paris CDG. My Lufthansa Business Class flight from CPH was delayed, so they  transferred me to Air France, so I could still make a flight to Buenos Aires. Of course, Air France was paid by Lufthansa for this. Now Air France says they will not award me mileage points because I originally booked on Lufthansa. So Air France claims that Lufthansa should award me miles! 
  Fort de France to Paris. 8.5 hours flight on a 13 year old Boeing 777 (F-GSQR). The personnel was courteous and professional but they could not make up for my miserable experience. Very uncomfortable seats, little to no space for the legs and for the shoulders, plastic head rest that makes you sweat your neck. AC barely working, it’s been hot the whole flight. Entertainment system with a screen that was slow, sluggish. No outlet or USB port to recharge your device.  My food was low/average in quality.  My partner is pregnant (6th month) and there was no possibility to select another more comfortable seat for her, there is no correspondence between the service received and the price paid, which is premium.
  Hamburg to Paris. Very nice flight! Staff was very friendly despite the early morning hour. Staffs languages (French, English, German, Spanish) were openly announced. Aircraft had Wifi based entertainment on board running in the browser, surprisingly large movie selection. Onboard internet was available, messaging for free!!, other options were reasonable priced. French Breakfast was served (aka Croissants), with some very nice Lavazza Coffee. During the early morning flights the lights were kept turned off so wanting to find some sleep was very easy. All in all a really surprisingly decent short haul flight!
  Amsterdam to Paris. A short flight but with full service. Both ground staff as well as on onboard staff was very friendly and classy. Snacks and drinks were handled with care. Seats are very comfortable for economy class but pitch is very tight. Unfortunately the USB charging ports didn't work. We arrived in Paris without delays and the captain kept us well informed.
 Dubai to Paris. I was not given the option to reserve my seat, now I'm stuck in the middle seat with no room to breathe. I would definitely rate this flight zero stars. Never had this issue with Delta or Emirates.
  Bologna to Johannesburg via Paris. The staff of air France are the most compassionate people I've dealt with on an aircraft. They are focused on Customer comfort. I will recommend Air France.
  Flew from Toronto to Paris. Overall quite nice. My first time flying business class. Loved the pods - very private, nice amount of storage space too. My disappointment is with the food service. I ordered a lacto-ovo vegetarian meal service. Instead of the requested meal, I was given vegan meals. They were poor, curry seems to be the flavor of choice. I like a good curry but not at every meal. The supper menu was even worse. I received a bowl of steamed vegetables (a couple of carrots, some potatoes and some other unidentifiable vegetable with a heavy dose of rosemary). It was inedible. I returned it and filled up with bread and cheese. I am not sure why a lacto-ovo meal was not available. I am a foodie and pay a lot of attention to what I eat. The poor quality of the special meal will make me rethink flying on Air France in the future.
  Prague to Cape Town via Paris. Very disappointed. My first flight arrives late and I had to run to even catch my plane. The flight was ok, very friendly staff, but my food was not nice When I arrived in Cape Town it turned out that my baggage had been left behind in Paris. I was told by airport staff that I would not get compensated for anything I needed to buy. My baggage was brought to me 3 days after I landed and it had been emptied out.  I have been trying to get in touch with Air France and no one is answering. Will never fly with them again.
  Toronto to Paris. Brand new plane, very nice screens and everything was clean. Service not so much. Flight attendant was rude to me. I was in the middle seat and I didn't want to bother the people sitting next to me. So in the middle of an 8 hours flight, I called a flight attendant and asked for a glass of water. His response was  "we're not serving now! The cart is in the back of the plane", like he was annoyed I even called him. So I had to wake up people sitting next to me and go to the back and pour myself a glass of water. I'll never fly Air France again.
  Paris to Chicago. Very attentive, courteous service in flight by the cabin crew on AF 0136. I wish our US domestic carriers could follow suit I highly recommend Air France.
  Paris to Madrid. The product does not correspond to business class. The seats are the same as in the economy, the distance for the legs is not increased, the middle chair does not even transform into a table. The food is scarce and tasteless - two cold starters, a slice of cheese and a little chocolate bar. The staff responds to requests, but they are not particularly willing to do so. Wines in small bottles on a screw cap; champagne is not bad. This class of seating should at best be called premium-economy, if not Economy at all with slightly improved nutrition, but not business at all. Продукт совершенно не соответсвует бизнес-классу. Сидения такие же как в экономе, расстояния для ног не увеличены, среднее кресло даже не трансформируется в столик. Еды мало и невкусная - две холодные закуски, кусочек сыра и маленькая шоколадка. Персонал отзывается на просьбы, но делают это не особо охотно. Вина в маленьких бутылочках на винтовой крышке , шампанское неплохое. Этот класс обслаживания в лучшем случае должен называться premium-economy, если вообще не Economy с чуть улучшенным питанием, но никак не бизнес
  Paris to Prague. First of all the passengers are checked for size and weight of cabin bags before security control. The flight was on time, we received small sandwich and a beverage, crew was nice. There was a wifi with free message pass which is great. However after arrival I found out that my cabin bag which I was forced to check-in came ripped which is unacceptable.
  Johannesburg to Paris. Staff were most unfriendly to me. They forgot to serve me and my daughter dinner. And when we wanted to change our route they resisted our request in an unfriendly way. 
 Birmingham to Hong Kong via Paris. I booked a flight with Air France, a return flight from Hong Kong to Birmingham. I was unable to fly on the outbound flight as I had flown to Europe a few days earlier on a Business Trip. I informed the airline of this (Air France), stating that I still intended to take the inbound (return) flight from Birmingham to Hong Kong. I arrived at the airport for the inbound (return) flight as per my itinerary, only to be told by the Air France staff that my flights had been cancelled and I would be unable to fly unless I paid a 500 Euros administration charge to get my flights reinstated. Air France had not informed me that my flights had been cancelled at any point, despite numerous correspondences during the prior month. I then had to pay a significant amount of money to fly on a flight that I had already paid to fly on. It caused me an incredible amount of distress and embarrassment as well as the obvious personal financial cost. To make matters worse, I was treated exceptionally badly by the Air France staff at Birmingham airport. Why was I not notified that my full journey had been cancelled because of not taking the outbound flight? All in all, a terrible experience.
  Montreal to Paris in July 2019. Very nice moment  with Air France. I impressed by the ground/onboard service, the real plus of Air France. The only bad point i think is the Wifi, which is only on Boeing 787. 
  Munich to Lyon and Lyon to Frankfurt via Paris CDG. Booking on AF website was quite easy. Check in at Munich and Lyon very quick and got help from nice check in staff. 3 of 4 flights were slightly delayed, but captain informed passengers about that. All four flights were good, with professional cabin crew and free snacks/drinks. Seat and cabin were ok, but area around my seat could have been cleaner. Transfer at Paris was fast and easy. Can't understand the mass of negative reviews about CDG airport, signage is very clear and transfer from Terminal 2F (arrival from Lyon) to 2G (departure to Frankfurt) took only 20 minutes. Nice architecture and relaxed atmosphere at the airport, but Terminal 2F was a bit overcrowded. I can remmomend Air France and would book again.
 Paris to Milan. We upgraded to a Business Class ticket to fly at 12.25. Arrived at terminal 2F as we were running later than scheduled due to Taxi running out of fuel. Asked the attendant for assistance (showing our boarding passes) who pointed out the self-check-in computers. We stood there trying to figure the machines out then finally found someone to assist us. We got pointed to wait in the normal luggage drop off. Again when we asked for help as we were under time pressure we got assured by a man that we still had time who then pointed us down the other end. After exaplining to another lady down the end, she told us to wait and another lady will take care of us - this woman was very rude and continued to serve other passengers making us wait 5-10 mins before telling us that it’s not her problem we are late and that we have missed the luggage check in. We then got referred to her supervisor who explained we had missed the deadline, and that we could be put on a later economy flight (and be refunded the business difference) or wait 9 hours for business class. We opted for economy and the earlier flight. She then referred us to ticketing who told us we had to pay for new tickets. Then we got sent back and forward. End story is we had to pay more than our original ticket price and flew economy. This would have been avoided had the initial attendee pointed us to business class check-in. This has to be the worst experience and I would never fly with Air France again.
  Milan to Houston via Paris. The flights were okay as usual but my luggage arrived to Houston destroyed. I saw no Air France agents in the arrival. I took my luggage directly home and filled a claim form. I got an email with no case number or reference saying that I will get an answer in 2 weeks or little longer. Nothing happened after one month and I contacted customer services .. and they told me to re-fill the claim. I did on November 11 and I got another email identical to the previous one.
  Paris to Nairobi. We arrived in Paris from Atlanta with Delta and while connecting to Nairobi we were stopped and asked to weigh our hand luggage.  They confirmed the airline only allows 1 hand luggage. To add on it has to be 12kgs and not more. We had laptops, a few clothes for changing and the gifts from duty free, everyone was over 12 kgs. They forced us to throw them away because they would not let us check them in. They claimed the baggage doors were closed so no more bag check in. 
  The top of my bag was sheared off, the side has some kind of black tar or fuel melted on it that prevents the zipper from opening. My contents were practically spilling out on the baggage belt. When I filed a claim at the airport office, they told me I had to call by phone the next day. When I called the next day they said my claim number didn’t exist, so I had to start a new one. I explained that I’m currently in Afghanistan, but they insisted that I have to get a repair technician to examine the damage on my bag before a compensation decision could be made, which is impossible since I live on a military base. I was then told to submit a claim over email to customer service. I do so, and no one responds to me for a week. I’m then told that I have to call customer support in my home country. I’ve tried to reach them 4 times, each time I wait over 30min and never get connected.
  Miami to Paris. The 9 year old A380 looked dirty to me, a funky smell, dusty and ragged carpet. I was seated at emergency exit and my seat had limited recline. Also the flight arrival into Paris was delayed by 15 minutes. 
  Paris to Seattle. My food was terrible and the amount of drinks and snacks for a 8 hour flight was  lacking. We flew delta going to Paris and it was a night and day difference, the flight attendants were rude. KLM was so much better from the point of customer service.
  Paris to Cancun. I am disappointed by the poor customer service. My outbound flight was missed due to no reason of my own, the airline staff were lovely and understanding at the airport desk, however the customer service helpline was disgusting.  I was eventually provided a return ticket free of charge as a goodwill gesture. My food onboard was terrible. I did not eat much apart from a muffin. My seat were uncomfortable, and my tv screen was broken. I submitted a complaint upon my arrival and had no response.
 I chose to fly from Paris to New York via Air France because they were using the A380. However, after booking, the flight was changed to a B777. I had an overweight suitcase and a small suitcase to check. I paid 80€ for the second case which I could have taken into the cabin. When I got to checking in they weighed my large case and it was over 23kg. So I asked if I could take the small case into the cabin and use the 80€ to pay for the overweight case. The agent said she would check both and I would not have to pay another 80€. Arriving in NY my large case was nowhere to be found and after going to the AF desk it was determined that it did not get on the flight as the agent hadn't properly activated it. AF put it on the next flight and it was delivered to my my residence the next day. The flight was pleasant - I was in seat 39A which is at a bulkhead so it had lots of leg room. Entertainment and food were fine. We arrived at JFK early so we could not get a gate for almost an hour. The B777 is fine but I prefer the A380.
 I am very disappointed with Air France service and customer support and would convince everyone to avoid this airline in future. It was not possible to reach support via phone (support line was not even posted on their website, moreover no one responded), or official app. Help desk was closed, though it should have been opened according to the opening hours. I contacted help via app to find out where other help desks were located in CDG airport, but I was denied to obtain any answer, I was told to find out it myself. My flights were delayed due to the strike in Paris, and it turned out once in trouble Air France does not care about their customers, and holders of Flying Blue loyalty program. I obtained new ticket for flight to Washington next day, but obtained no hotel to stay because of delay. Also quality of service and seats onboard was poor. Avoid CDG airport and Air France if you can!
 Disappointing experience in Air France Premium Economy. The arriving plane was delayed inbound due to mechanical problems and then had further mechanical problems resulting in more delays leaving Detroit. Gate agents did a reasonable job of keeping everyone informed. I had read poor reviews of the Premium Economy seating and was still surprised to discover how uncomfortable the seats were. They do not really recline but slide forward and finding a comfortable seating position was difficult. My wife did better since she is shorter but at almost 6ft I could not get comfortable in the seats at all. Footrest was basically useless. I managed to make the seat a bit more bearable by sitting on the folded blanket and the pillow provided on the seat. The "inspired gourmet meal" per the AF website was the same as regular economy and not that inspiring. The appetizer "inspired by the Business Class menu" was a meat pate that really didn't pair well with a vegetarian meal. The "chilled oshibori towel" was missing, replaced by a wet wipe tossed on the tray table. Service was minimal and indifferent with the crew disappearing right after the meal was served - there were no water runs or crew service for the majority of the flight. In general, the flight experience reflects what seems to become the norm. However, the Premium Economy hype on the Air France website raises unrealistic expectations. This flight was a code share with Delta and the Delta service on the Delta return flight was significantly better. All in all, the Air France Premium Economy product is poor and not a good value for money.
  Overnight flight from Paris to Tokyo. Departure and arrival were punctual. Boeing 777 with what I believed to be the latest seating. The seat was well-designed giving me a fair amount of privacy. Food, wine and IFE choice were excellent. The FAs were very friendly and attentive (some might have found them too friendly but I appreciated it). Overall a perfect flight. I could not fault it in any way.
  I flew with Air France from Paris to Buenos Aires. They managed to lose my bag in Paris, which I discovered in Buenos Aires. After I filled a complaint they identified my bag, but don't want to send it to me. Air France is very impolite in communication and they treat the passengers in very bad manner. I wound not recommend that company to no one.
  Paris to New York. Air France is very rigid and unforgiving with the carry on baggage allowance. They weigh the 2 carry ons that you’re allowed and will be coerced to check in the luggage if both weighs over 10kG for 50 euros a pop. Simply put it’s the same carry on I had and a little bit lighter because I disposed of some gifts and toiletries on my way back but I flew in via Delta. I will never fly Air France if given any choice.
  Salt Lake City to Istanbul via Paris with Delta / Air France booked for December 2019. I have my ticket for Istanbul which I got it 3 months ago and I paid full amount not they are changing my flight info which I planned for since 3 months ago and I called them and they did not provide any adjustment and they are expecting me to cancel my entire trip which I planned 3 months ago. This is the first and last time I will fly with Air France. 
  Flight from Aberdeen to Lisbon via Paris, both flights were more or less on time. Air France lounge is Paris is rather nice although really busy. The crew was very friendly and polite in both flights. The only thing I would criticise was the meal on the flight between Paris and Lisbon. That cold meal was totally uninspired.
  Poor customer service and they just don’t care. Flew JFK to CDG with no issues but on return trip before entering passport control they made me weigh my carry-on bag which was 12kg. They then made me add my personal item (backpack with computer) to the scale and told me I was overweight and needed to check my bag. Very rude and unprofessional. Charged me €50 to check a carry on size bag that has been all around the world on dozens of airlines. Will not fly Air France again and neither should you!
  My flight was overbooked from Stockholm to Biarritz via Paris. I was not aware of this until I was dropping off my bag. They told me I had to go to the boarding gate and they would send my bag to paris for me to get later. When i got to boarding gate after everyone was boarded they told me that there were no seats available. When I asked how this could happen it was stated "It is just the airline." I then was walked by a staff member to a baggage collection area where i was told to get my bag and then go to information desk. This was after being told i would pick up my bag at a later time in France. I waited at the conveyor belt which had stopped running and then noticed my bag next to a man on the other side of the area. After getting back my bag i found the information desk where they booked me a hotel for the night and gave me compensation. However, I did not feel the situation was handled well being passed between multiple staff members and being given poor instructions. I asked for a pen to write down my bus stop, bus time and hotel name. The staff member said no and handed me a piece of scrap paper with random information sprawled across it. With BW, 7, 17 and 37. BW for. Best Western, 7 for bus stop and 17 and 37 for the minute the bus came every hour. I was not given a booking confirmation for the hotel and everything i should have automatically been given such as confirmation of compensation I had to ask for specifically. There were other people in the same situation as me with Air France.  If a flight has been overbooked it needs to be established and fixed with the customer before the day of the flight. Today i flew from Biarritz to London with a stop in Paris. My bag has been left in Paris and the flight was delayed. People have deadlines, other flights and events they need to attend. It is totally unprofessional to overbook flights when people are paying money for a seat and to put to flights so close together when you can't even get the baggage on the connecting flight.
 Bogotá to Paris. Air France business class is excellent! I flew from Bogotá to Paris, flight attendants were very attentive, friendly and professional. The full flat bed seats are very comfortable, I slept almost during the entire flight. Food was good (food is amazing when flying from Paris). The Inflight entertainment is great, many movies (old and recents ones) Totally enjoy flying with Air France.
  Manchester to Miami via Paris. It's a long time since I last flew Air France and that was because the crew attitude, seats, food and IFE left a great deal to be desired for the price paid. This flight did little to change my view except in one, important respect and that was the cabin crew. The flight from MAN to CDG was the normal, awful, offering you get from most European airlines these days. 3x3 economy seating on an old airbus narrow body with the middle seat left empty. The experience of CDG was as bad as I recall. The flight to Miami was on an old layout 2x2x2 in business class with angled flat seats. For 2019 and a 10-hour flight this was not acceptable. The only rays of sunshine were, the fact that this was a day flight so the "bed" was not too important and the cabin crew. Far from the surly, self-absorbed individuals I had seen in the past the Air France crews on both legs were excellent and as good as any other airline in my experience. Interaction with passengers was friendly but professional and they clearly knew their jobs and the aircraft thoroughly. The food on the flight to Miami was mediocre and barely edible.
  I booked a flight from Paris to Beirut and because of the political issue, they said the ticket was fully refundable in voucher. After completing numerous online forms, endless follow up phone calls, they refunded a 718 Euro ticket as 84 Euros. Each customer service representative pawns me off to another member of their team including Saudi Arabia (nothing to do with my location or my ticket). I have spoken with at least 15 people in the process, and yet, I have still lost my money. It's been extremely frustrating and such a waste of time. If I knew this would happen I would never ever have considered AF. 
 Paris to Calgary. My return flight from Paris was supposed to be 5pm. However, 10:45 am someone called from Air France saying the flight was cancelled (regular business practice to save money) she only gave me an hour and half which was not enough to go through security and tax refund. So I called back and she gave me another flight one hour later but kinda threatened me that it was the last flight they offered. I thought that was rude since they are the one that cancelled the flight. Long story short I just had enough time to get on the plane. This airline charges more but offers less service which is not right
  Manchester to Tbilisi via Paris and return. A320 Economy. Both MAN - CDG legs on time with modest but OK snack. CDG - TBS delayed because of problems with starboard rear door. Captain kept us well-informed throughout, before eventual transfer to another aircraft. Good inflight catering. Good customer handling of delay. Seat allocations maintained and luggage made the transfer as well. TBS - CDG delayed departure because of ATC problems but time made up en route. Good breakfast - a bonus because France isn't a great breakfast country by and large!
  Aberdeen to Dallas via Paris. The flight from Aberdeen eas late and I missed the connecting flight so they put me on another connecting flight via New York. The whole trip took about 24 hours instead of 12 hours. The bad part is I was travelling with my 3 years old daughter, i can’t explain the torture i had to go through during the trip.The worst part of trip was Air France lost my baggage which had all my custom made dresses which I had specially made for my nephew’s ceremony. It’s been already 4 days, tomorrow is ceremony and Air France has no idea where my baggage is. I have called Air France more than 20 times and visited their office 2 times in DFW airport but still they don’t have any clue in which city or airport my baggage is. The Air France staff have acted so slow and carelessly, it has shocked me.
  Bucharest to Zurich via Paris CDG. Air France is surprising me lately! Functioning like a clockwork. Both flights leaving at time and arriving early! Onboard service very good, very helpful crews. Only minus was the seat in the A318, on the second leg, which has a fix/blocked back. Sitting on the emergency row, so very good seat pitch. Highly recommended!
  Mexico City to Paris. Rude staff and the food quality was terrible for me. Flight without wifi despite advertising that this service was provided.  It was extremely cold and no alcohol apart from wine and beer. Departure from Paris with 90 minutes delay and I had to travel away from my partner due to their  rules to make people pay even more. At the return, I forgot my phone in the toilet of the airport of Cancun and realised that I missed it when I was already in the aircraft but still on the ground waiting for the departure. I asked the staff to let me go quickly and come back as people was still boarding the plane and they said no and added that as it was Mexico, I could forget my phone and declare my loss when I will arrive in Paris. As it turned out my phone was found and returned to my home address. 
  New York to Belgrade via Paris. My flight from JFK was 95 mins late and I miss my connection flight. Then I don't have direct connection flight and I end up arriving in Belgrade 10 h late. Not to mention lost luggage, poor service both on the airplane and at the airport, small non-working screens on a flight. I will never use Air France ever!
  Paris to Nice. On my way to Nice I paid for a luggage 80€ and in Nice I didn’t receive this luggage. At the airport the air France staff in the office informed me that I’m entitled for refund. So I make a claim and never received this money. On the time of the claim i did not receive one phone call or email. I had to call and send email always. On top of all this I was not refunded my money back.
  First, the flight, food and service were great. My issue is with the baggage policy. We flew business class from Atlanta to CDG, then had an internal France flight to Marseille. We returned on a flight from Lyon to CDG, then business class from CDG to Atlanta. Business class was not offered on the internal France flights. Business class is allowed 2 checked bags. This wasn't a problem on the outbound trip. On our return we had to pay excess baggage fees because the first leg of our flight was economy and we were only allowed 1 bag each. Multiple calls to AF customer service indicates this is their policy. The originating leg dictates the baggage allowance. So be aware even if you fly business class if one of your legs doesn't offer that level, you don't get the full benefits of business class.
  Rome to Paris. It was my first time flying with Air France and the first impression I got after being boarded was the yellowed up plastic around the old screen panel on the back of the seats.  The in-flight entertainment on the A380 was disastrous. To give the impression that they have more movies to offer, a movie with 4 languages would be displayed as 4 movies; touch screen was extremely non-touch-sensitive; screen pivot was broken. The saving grace was that I managed to get some sleep in the air. Air France booked a 75 min transfer for us, and thanks to landing 20 minutes early, we managed to board on time for our connecting to Rome. On our trip back at Rome, ground staff assistance was non-existent, the pre-checked-in queue for bag drop was slower than the normal check-in+bag-drop queue. A queue of 4 parties spent almost an hour moving down the line, I was only moved to the front during last call for check-in...I arrived 2 hours before scheduled departure. Connection in Paris CDG was horrendous, the moment we landed, we had to rush out of the plane, rush to a shuttle to take us to the transit area. It was the longest queue I have seen at an airport passport control. We snuck into a priority queue and went to the front. Alas, after clearance, we had to wait for a shuttle to get to another terminal. At this point, we were almost sure we would miss the flight. Disembarking the shuttle bus, we rushed to the terminal lobby and luckily managed to find our way to our boarding gate at last call. We were so glad Air France booked us on China Eastern. 
  There was a delay from Florence to Paris so we were denied boarding on our connection flight though we arrived at the time of the last call. It took a 2 hrs to find our luggage. We were given very poor accommodation for a family outside CDG airport. We were booked on next day flight with the British Airways. They charged us for the luggage which was already paid for with Air France, because they failed to pass the details to the BA. After almost a month of correspondence and emails AF had decided to pay us only £27.40 rather the 75 Euros charged for our luggage. AF has shown no understanding and they evaded all the issues raised in a complaint against them. 
  Flight from Paris CDG to New York JFK on A380 behemoth airplane. Boarding to the upper deck is smooth for business class. The first impression is tainted by dirty seat (s. photo) with stains and crumbs on it. The seat is not a full-flat with limited recline and quite cramped. Service during the flight was not impressive with FA seemed to be overwhelmed. I was not able to assess IFE since remote control was broken and to press the touch screen all the time was annoying. Food tasted amazingly bland: appetizers including bread seemed to be served directly from the fridge with poor presentation (s. photo). The main course (I had zucchini canneloni) was OK. Fresh fruits for dessert were mashy. Enigmatic was the deck in front of the cabin (s. photo) - the bench imitation was of no use since you slide down when trying to sit on it. Another surprise - the lack of wi-fi which nowadays is provided on most even smaller planes. Overall impression: sloppy product, not something one would expect from Air France.
  New York to Paris. This was one of the many Air France-operated flights that are booked and managed through Delta, and this made the few gate changes and delays we experienced on both legs of the trip more complicated. However, the in-flight experience was pleasant and the aircraft was nice. I prefer Airbuses whenever I can fly them, and Air France does a good job of keeping seat pitch in theirs roomy for economy passengers. At the advice of some other reviewers, we paid the small and reasonable fee each way to "upgrade" to the upper deck of the cabin, which is a much more intimate space with a better attendant-to-passenger ratio. The pitch was also about 3' more generous, and the upstairs was a more quiet, warm space than any I've flown internationally. Meals came noticeably quicker in the upper deck, even considering that we were some of the last people upstairs to be served, and I did not run into a waiting line for the restroom once on either leg of the trip. I did not book in time to get an upper deck window seat, but I'd heard about the added bonus of a storage container that these passengers got included in the same ticket price I paid. I was in the middle but had a woman to my left without someone next to her, and I saw her window seat storage bin first-hand. It was big and literally fit all of her odds-and-ends. It was awesome and another reason to book this seat if you can. Well worth the money. Crew was friendly, food was okay but warm and well-portioned, and the in-flight entertainment was good. The only real negatives were the complications of booking Air France through Delta, which I feel created more delays and gate changes than would have occurred if I'd booked direct. Further, I feel this made my options for upgrades more limited.
 My original Air France flight was Brussels to Lyon. After it was cancelled Air France reacted very rapidly to offer me alternatives. After 30 minutes everything was set. Very friendly and professional customer service. Flight Paris to Lyon was perfect. Very friendly crew. Departed on time and arrived earlier. Fantastic job all the way.
  I flew from Paris Charles de Gaulle to Panama City on economy with Air France. Very enjoyable flight. The aircraft was new, comfortable seat with a quiet large entertainment screen with many movies and music albums. The food was good and the flight attendants were polite and professional.
  Paris CDG to Budapest. More than 50 minutes since the boarding started people in aircraft were looking for place to put their baggage. No coordination between stewardess, no help, no idea what to do. Pilot 2 times ask from passenger to be faster. Many passengers had 2-3 bags, nobody checked that.
 Paris to Budapest. Sad, no organisation during the boarding, no coordination, bad staff work during boarding. Each passenger had 2-3 baggage, more than 50 minutes of boarding.
  Bought a seat in business class for this flight from Paris CDG to Lisbon. Everything at Paris CDG went smooth and comfortably, from the priority security screening to the AF lounge and Boarding. All staff was kind, specially the cabin crew. However: They had no business catering for me, and gave me a economy meal, with the promise they would send me a 50€ discount for a future flight with AF (haven’t received anything yet). The seats were not specially comfortable (standard economy seats) and legroom very short. Very poor business class, in an otherwise very good experience.
  Paris CDG to Lisbon. I don't understand why they don't dim the cabin lights on the early morning and evening flights so passengers can get some sleep. Cabin was very cold again but my request for a blanket was promptly accepted. Food was better. It departed and landed with at least 30 minutes delay but Captain kept passengers aware at all times of the reasons why this happened. 
 Lisbon to Paris CDG. Operated by Joon aircraft. Legroom was insufficient so I had to empty the seat pocket. Food given was miserable and not fresh. Cabin crew professional but distant. It departed and landed on time. Totally full flight.
 Basel to Paris CDG with Air France. Plane was heavily delayed. No proper information was given. Unprofessional attitude of ground staff. Flight was ok. Steward was helpful, while his female coworker was not.
 Dreadful experience. Orly airport is unusable. Long connection transferred from CDG to Orly with heavy bags on packed bus. Got to Orly, have to wait three hours to check in, no free seats, sat on floor and Air France staff are rude to me. Ordered to sit in a disabled reserved seat. Have had some good experiences in the past but good memories with Air France are becoming a distant memory...
  Flight from Bogota to Paris in the new Boeing 787 was nice and comfortable even in economy class. The service in Air France is outstanding. flight attendants are very receptive and show a good and educated way to help the people at the airplane. I liked very much the way Air France is doing things lately, its no doubt a great improvement on the service this company is bringing.
  Dublin to Singapore via Paris CDG. Flew La Première on the Paris to Singapore leg and return. This is my fourth time flying La Première with Air France and the service is outstanding. By far the best first class experience for me. All the fine touches start as soon as my flight arrives in Paris, escorted to the superb lounge in a limousine and again when boarding the flight. The return Singapore to Paris flight deserves a special mention. I met the stewardess that I had met on a flight in 2017 and the service was simply impeccable. When you fly with a great airline and you meet someone you know it certainly adds to the special touch. My only minor issue is the luggage delivery was slow at Dublin airport ( like in previous years) but Air France explained that this was due to customs check at Dublin airport so that is beyond their control. However notwithstanding my priority baggage came out much later as there was also a mix up re priority. Air France apologised and did reply promptly when I raised this. Entertainment on board La Première was OK but I would have loved to have new albums by French stars like Matt Pokora and older icons like Brigitte Bardot.
  An enjoyable flight between Lyon and Washington. Exit row seats offer a great amount of space and are really comfortable. The flight attendants were perfect. I could bother them anytime and they would still help me. Food was good and a self-service minibar was present for economy passengers on the long-haul flight. However, due to non-present passenger on the first leg, the flight was subsequently delayed in order to remove his/her luggage. But in our case, the second flight departed on time but without our luggages, which arrived the next day at 11pm. That's a minus 3 points for that.
  Mumbai to Paris. Air France are just a money making, if you check in first you lose or you pay for seats. If you dont pay that you will go in the middle seats (no sleep for you). And finally the seats will be given for the last to register..
  Bangkok to Paris. Everything was very good. Very good cabin crew, on time and the 1-2-1 layout is good though it can feel a little cramped even compared to a 2-2-2 layout. The screen swings out and is ok in size but not big. It is also right in your face but at least I can reach it if I don't want to use the hand control. It would have been an easy engineering job to let the screen sing out then push it a bit further away again. The food was ok without being great and they have come to their senses and served the 2nd meal 1.5 hours before landing. Last time the 2nd meal came soon after the first with 4 or 5 hours of the flight left. I still hate the timings and having to wait at CDG for 3 or 4 hours for a 10pm 2nd short flight that is never on time. The movies was an ok selection. So much better than my KLM flight going out. 4.5* would be about right. I just wish I could trust the strikes by lots of different people to risk going out with them.
  Venice to Paris. I've flown with Air France 6 times in my life and each time I regret it. Twice I had my luggage misplaced for days. Second to last flight I was separated from my family members due to the flight being overbooked (I checked in online a day prior). The staff’s statement was “Air France has the right to overbook a flight.” What does that even mean? That Air France has the right to be unorganised and ruin a customer’s schedule? The last flight I had a terrible encounter with 2 rude staff  who insists that I have not paid for checked in luggage. They refused to even look at the receipts I shown them, stating “If we say you must pay then you must pay!”. Only after a lengthy argument she finally found that we indeed has paid! No apologies whatsoever. 
  Birmingham to Budapest via Paris. This is our most terrible travel experience. We traveled with Air France on 11/06/2019 from CDG to BUD flight AF1494. After boarding the flight the captain announces that there is a 55 mins delay. On arrival at BUD, our baby stroller was no where to be found and had to queue for lost and found, which means more delays getting to our taxi. We arrived at our airbnb late at night (9:30pm), hungry and tired. Then I noticed a big rip across the top of my suitcase.  I've filed a complain with them, but because I couldn't apply for compensations towards my damaged suitcase within the 1 week time frame, nothing could be compensated. For the terrible service that we've experienced, never again will we be taking Air France.
  Atlanta to Paris. Air France is just a horrible airline to fly, especially compared to delta. They do not update their movies on their tiny screen they put in front of you it’s the same movie names repeated over and over to make it seem like there are choices. I found the food disgusting and they have no WiFi on the plane. I would not recommend flying Air France at all unfortunately due to work and my routes I’ve had to use them 4 times.
  Johannesburg to Paris. I booked my husband and I next to each other and we were moved apart. I now have a seat that cannot recline as there is an ablution behind. This is not vaguely the same as the flight I had previously to Spain in Air France and will consider before booking again. Very disappointed. The plane is not at all the same and seats are small. should have booked economy or flown with a different airline.
  Our flight Paris -Shanghai (Thu 18/7/19) had to turn back to Paris after 1 hour on the air. The flight was never cancelled, they delayed it to the next day (Fri 19/7/19) at 4.30 pm. They provide accommodation for us Thursday Night. When we come back on Friday, they informed us about the connection changes. Paris- Shanghai (Air France) Shanghai -Shenzhen (Southern China) Shenzhen - Melbourne (Southern China). They give us a Boarding Card for the first two flights (not for the third and not an itinerary). When we finally landed in Shanghai, we just discovered that we had to pick up our luggage and check-in for the domestic flight to Shenzhen. To do so, we had to request a 24-hour Chinese visa to change terminals. Because we did not have an itinerary showing our flight leaving the country, we could not get the visa. We were in China, so any email or internet access was limited. We could not connect with Air France because their office was inside the terminal on the other side of the passport control line. Luckily, I managed to contact the plane cabin crew before they did the passport control. They contact Air France to ask for ground personnel to help us. 45 min later, a person came to organise our connection. By them, we have already missed the flight to Shenzhen. They had to book another flight for us and give the information to the passport control officer for our visas approval. After one hour we had the visa and booking with Qantas to fly to Sydney 6 hours later with a 1.5-hour connection to Melbourne. Our flight to Sydney was delayed, and we missed the connection to Melbourne witch we had to change. Overall we were booked to get into Melbourne Sat 9am, and we got here Sun 1pm (28 hours later). I will not travel by Air France ever again. The way they manage the situation was deplorable. They hid information from us and were never clear about our options.
 Paris to London. Really enjoyed flying with Air France. The aircraft was clean and looking new. Boarding was very organised and all cabin crew were polite and professional. Sandwiches and beverages were offered during this 40 mins flight.
 Los Angeles to Amman via Paris. The best airline I have ever flown. I have previously flown on Lufthansa but Air France is a way better airline and I recommend it to everyone. Everything is good, no problems and satisfying. I have read too many reviews for baggage lost but this is common when you only have a 40-minute layover. Thank you Air France!
  Dubai to Stockholm via Paris. DXB-CDG on Boeing 777 then onward to Stockholm on A320 and return CDG-DXB. Crew on all flights were nice and friendly cabin is clean and seats are surprisingly spacious and comfortable. The entertainment system is good and easy with some Arabic programs as well. Food and drinks are very limited I must say for a 7 hrs flight but it’s ok I don’t like much the airlines food. All in all is a nice experience however Paris CDG is a nightmare in connection. The CDG-ARN was on a regional smaller aircraft A320 which was ok also served coffee and tea and a small snack was fine for the 2 hrs flight.
  Paris to Florence. Air France lost track of my luggage during a connecting flight. When my bag was found, I was told it would be delivered to me later that day. When it wasn't delivered, I was "guaranteed" it would arrive the next morning. It has now been 2 whole days and I still do not have my luggage, nor have I received any help in getting ahold of it. I have called the airline 4 times and have been told repeatedly that there is nothing they can do, and that I  can't speak to a supervisor. They can't contact the courier service that is supposed to deliver my bag to me, and they can't give me a number or address for said courier service. They also can't put me in contact with someone at the airport in Florence who speaks english that might be able to help me. I have cancelled various tours and events to make sure that I am close to my Airbnb when I get a call about my delivered bag -- all a complete waste. I am in the dark on when I'll have access to my own toiletries, clothes, and technologies and Air France refuses to help me. If you want to guarantee your checked luggage will arrive at your destination, DO NOT fly Air France.
  Paris to Zurich. It was a short nice trip. It departed and arrived on time. Baggage claim was pretty fast. Food and drink were served during the flight, even thought its duration was only 75 minutes. The aircraft is very clean. In general, I felt highly satisfied and had nothing to complain!
  Nouakchott to Paris. Really really bad. Old plane, no hot water in business class. The entertainment was awful, you couldn't see a movie properly, it was blurred and the screen were so small. Meals were good but overcooked. The only positive thing was the professionalism of the cabin staff.
 Air France shines with poor communication and even worst customer service. Arrived an hour late in Paris, had an hour and fifteen minutes transfer, I already warned them about that after booking our tickets, you give us a transfer that is too short, they said that this is never a problem, your connection flight keeps a eye on it. On arrival in Paris we had to run to catch our flight, two customs checks, at the gate I asked if our suitcases were coming, yes they said, they are already on the tarmac don't worry. On arrival in Bangkok I saw a list on the belt with of course our names on it to report to baggage service, our luggage had not come along, we received a print that they would now be coming via Singapore and had to be there in the evening, nothing came. It turned out that Air France in Paris had put a flight number on our luggage from Singapore Airlines, from Singapore to Bangkok, which doesn’t exist. So apart from lying and unfriendly, they are also stupid. I send them a email, no reply, at last our luggage arrived more then two day’s after our arrival and they arrived separately from each other at our hotel. Why didn't the crew inform us about it, and why is the communication that poor, one day after we received our last bag I got a message that our bags had arrived at Bangkok airport and should be delivered to our hotel within 24 hours, so that’s very accurate. Service on board specially in Business class was poor, it took a long time before we got a drink, meals served very fast, didn’t see anyone for over 9 hours, and they complained that they were very tired because of the long flight, excuse me, are you complaining to your business class travellers who hardly saw you during our flight, strange attitude. So conclusion, never again Air France, as a frequent flyer in business class this was the worst we have had compared to Qatar, Cathay, Singapore Airlines, Swiss and even KLM and British Airways where we find the service is also not worth the money.
  Kiev to Montréal via Paris. I really enjoyed my trip with them. The flight attendant were so mannered. The food was so delicious and so filling.The pilot too did a great Job. I will recommend this flight.
 Short flight from Paris to London and so expectations were not very high. As expected, on a short flight like this, there was no in-flight entertainment. The seats were 3+3 and leg room was not very good. The boarding in CDG was very slow with long queues building up on the skybridge. Part of the problem was with passengers carrying bulky kitchen sink-like "hand" luggage. The airline should enforce the standard rules on bulky and heavy hand luggage. I had to stow my modest 4Kg "Cabin Max" bag under the seat! The snack and drink were adequate for the short flight.
  
Milan to Marseilles via Paris CDG. Lost our luggage for 3 days before we got it all back. Terrible communication, totally dysfunctional process, no one could tell us where our luggage was or when we would have it.
  Tokyo to Paris. We were on our honeymoon and thought we would spend a little extra on a more reputable airline such as Air France. Our outbound flight from London Heathrow to Tokyo had no entertainment and we were kept in the dark the entire flight. We were told we would get compensation and an apology email and heard nothing. Filed a complaint but response was unsatisfactory and did not address my concerns. On the flight back we couldn’t sit together and made no effort to assist. 
  Mauritius to Paris CDG on a Boeing 777-300ER. This flight wasn’t our first choice, as we were originally booked on a Air Mauritius flight, but were rebooked to this Air France flight because of the cancellation of the Air Mauritius flight (we knew this 2,5 months before departure). When we checked in online we were assigned two aisle seats on row 22. When we later checked our seats in the Air France app again we found out we were assigned different seats; row 20 and 54! The reason of this was a equipment change; Air France was operating a less dense 777-300ER with a lot less Economy class seats. During check in we adressed the seat issue and lucky we got new seats; 47A and B. When we sat down we felt extremely cramped; the seats were very uncomfortable with terrible leg room and appealing shoulder space. Air France is operating the 777 in a 3x4x3 configuration, and  this cramped configuration is used with an increasing amount of airlines. The PTVs were of good quality with decent content; movies, series, music, games, interactive map and a front camera. The cabin crew was very professional, proactive and polite. Both meals (dinner and breakfast) were of a good quality, but a bit small. Last but not least, the temperature on board was extremely hot during the first few hours. We addressed this to the crew and they acknowledge, but couldn’t do anything about it as the system was not reacting properly. To sum up; this was my first and most definitely last experience on board of an Air France 777-300ER. The service was fine but the seat discomfort made it one of my most uncomfortable flights ever. I would certainly fly Air France again (this was my fifth flight with them), but only if it isn’t a Boeing 777!
  I had a surprisingly stellar experience despite an overall horrific travel experience. I had booked my initial travel on business class on Polish Airlines from Los Angeles to Tblisi since it was the shortest flight in the duration of 18.5 total. It was on May 3th, 2019. By the time I got to Warsaw and waited for 6 hours that was expected, then there were delays, then unexpectedly they cancelled the flight at the last moment and informed us that we needed to wait for another 24 hours to fly to Tbilisi. They did provide a hotel. However, I had a family waiting for me for a celebration and I needed to get to Tbilisi as soon as possible. So, I arranged an arduous fight back to Paris, then to Tbilisi that saved more time. My overall flight lasted 37 hours and included lots of schlepping, but I have to mention the detour through Air France that provided light and amazing service through this ordeal. The flight to Paris included this delightful female (unfortunately I didn’t get her name) flight attendant that made things so pleasant. From Paris to Tblisi, on the last exhausting leg, I encountered a flight attendant named Patrick, who made my day pleasant. I can not undermine how he changed my horrific flight experience to quite pleasant. He was authentic, didn’t try too hard. light attendants have a difficult job of dealing with stressed public. 
  Paris CDG to Dublin. Flight arrived earlier than scheduled. Good and smooth travel right from check-in to landing. As a platinum member of flying blue I also had access to the lounge in Paris. Good choice of food. The stewardess even introduced herself when we were on board and addressed me by name. A really lovely gesture that was much appreciated. Baggage arrived swiftly on arrival in Dublin.
  Another good flight with Air France. I booked last minute as my flight with Transavia to Orly was cancelled due to the general strike in France on the 9th of May. Upgraded at the gate to business class. Good collation served, well presented. Service impeccable just like what I have been accustomed to with Air France. Baggage arrived promptly on arrival.
  Paris to Vienna. My recent flight with AF was a pleasure from beginning to end. Easy to use IOS app both at purchase and check in. Airport check in was smooth with no line at CDG T2F. Security line was longish, but not too bad. Hand luggage allowance is generous (12 kg). Boarding was fast and ordered, divided by zones. Economy new seat is great in terms of comfort. Cabin was clean. Breakfast consisted of pain du chocolate and coffee/tee/soft drink which was ok for 80 min flight. New entertainment system was a huge surprise to me. You log in to Air France onboard wifi and get internet for messaging for free, plus flight info plus variety of tv shows and movies, also for free. USB port is at every seat. Arrived on time, bag was on the belt in 15 min. Miles arrived to my account next morning. Flight price was 44 euro. Brilliant.
  Havana to Geneva via Paris in February 2019. Poor onboard catering, pursers dialogue and treatment, and staff friendliness, welcome and attentiveness. The story is so long that I regret writing it to Air France customer feedback. I will never travel again on this airline and is a shame that it partners with KLM which is way above in so many terms.
  Paris to Freetown. 20+ year old plane. Economy has not been updated. Old disgusting fabric seats. Screens looked like my old Palm from the 90's.  Service was equally terrible. Found a roach crawling over my things next to me. Told the flight attendant and she said that was normal and laughed. On the way back to Paris, upgraded to premium economy. Service was equally bad. The air conditioner broke and we were stuck in Conakry for 3+ hours. I think the safety commercial they use to market the airline says it all. A video reflecting superficial woman playing the role of ding bats reflecting an image from the 50's. A complete insult to women and where we are. 
  Paris to San Francisco. The interior of the plane was very dated. The entertainment system was old, and bad quality. The movie selection was poor. The flight attendants weren’t available or responsive of anything going on in the cabin. They spilled coffee on the guy next to me and when asked for a napkin they said “yes I’ll come back”  and did not until asked again.  There were over 8.5hr between meals with one drink between in those small plastic cups. With less than 60min left in the flight they served lunch. Then because we were also starting the descent, we had about 10min to eat and give them the garbage. It felt frantic as the were speeding through the cabin spilling trays as they grabbed them and skipping people. It was pretty bad. Next, the bags took over half an hour to start coming out. They assured us over loudspeaker they were in fact coming. Because that’s how long it took. The food was really bad. Like I’ve had airplane food before but it was gross. The boarding process was terribly organized. 
  Toulouse to Munich via Paris. A not much frills but decent experience. All flights more or less on time, aircraft clean and staff friendly and multi-lingual. Service is a drink and snack. Transfers in CDG painless. Seating however uncomfortable.
  Munich to Singapore via Paris. The transit time is only one hour! The first flight is even delayed. Customer isn’t very friendly. If you can choose other airlines to avoid transit in Paris, don’t choose Air France.
  Flew the Boeing 777-300ER from San Francisco to Paris on our trip there and the plane was quite nice, crew performed their duties well and aside from the realities of Economy Class I had no major complaints. Our flight back on the A380 was significantly less enjoyable. Boarding was reasonably efficient, but I was again the victim of additional security checks at the gate (Happened my last trip in Taiwan as well) which meant I didn't get to board with my friend, and was among the last people on the aircraft. Luckily I didn't have any issues finding overhead space once finally onboard. Once on the plane I was shocked at how dated and worn everything appeared. Seat covers were ill fitting and faded, cabin lighting was dull, the IFE system was among the oldest and in quite poor condition, the remote was filthy, and the bathroom was something Air France should be ashamed of. I can only imagine that since they're already looking to retire half their fleet of 10 A380's they're avoiding putting absolutely any money into them. I've included photos of the more glaring discrepancies. The first meal service occured in the strangest and most haphazard manner I've ever experienced. Seated in row 46 there were about 5 rows behind and two rows ahead in our section. They began serving the rows at the back first, but then stopped, skipped the front three including my own row, then moved on to the next section of seating. After starting at the front t of that section they worked their way backwards until our row was the very last served. This meant room temperature food, and a wait of over an hour all while enjoying the aroma of food in the cabin directly behind us. In addition, the cabin crew disappeared completely for about 6 hours in the middle of the flight. At some point some snacks were placed in the galley area but we were never notified or served. I just happened to see someone seated ahead of me return with ice cream and was lucky to be in an aisle seat where I could grab one myself. The sole redeeming quality was the low cost of the flight, $360 RT, but the poor quality of the A380 cabin and crew means I would never recommend it. If you have to fly Air France always choose the 777 instead.
  Milan to Marseille via Paris. The worst airline I have flown. Lost our luggage today, left us stranded with nothing, did not even offer a voucher. I'm 70 years old and take a lot of medications, the really rude woman suggested I go to the hospital. Woman in lost luggage was really rude, and she even said "Air France has terrible customer service". Avoid this airline like the plaque! Narrow, uncomfortable seats.
  Fort de France to Amsterdam via Paris. Hands down the worst experience I have had.The plane looks like it flew right from the 80s with seats that were super old and uncomfortable. The entertainment system is also at least 20 years old - it's also malfunctioning. Useless entertainment of terrible quality so I just turned it off. Then at the end of the flight, where I did not sleep (I usually do and this time I even took a sleeping pill), we got the worst breakfast.  The flight is a connecting flight through Paris, but you have to take a bus to from orly to Charles de Gaulle which. This is terrible by itself but it becomes much worse when you have no clue what to do and have to pick up tickets on your own somewhere else, then we had to wait for almost an hour for the bus to CDG! Almost missing our connecting flight, stressful and ridiculous the way this is organised. Also, somehow the French staff seem too arrogant to speak English, which is something they should do if your are flying an international crowd. If it is not needed, I'm never going to fly air France again.
  Paris to Shanghai. It could be better. Comfortable seating. New aircraft. But flight attendants were outraged by their behavior. In the middle of the flight, none of the flight attendants could be seen. Pressing the flight attendant call button 5 times no one approached. In flight entertainment is pretty not bad. Everything went without delay.
  Madrid to Johannesburg via Paris. Air France's customer service is the worst I've ever encountered with an airline. Having been delayed for a total of 26 hours they are refusing to pay any compensation despite me providing invoices for a rebooked flight from Johannesburg to Harare because I missed my original flight due to the delay. I was very unhappy with the manner in which I was dealt with on arrival in Pairs, by the airline staff on the outgoing plane who told me I had nothing to worry about and would make my connection, no information at the disembarking gate to say it was futile to go the boarding gate for a flight that had already closed, and no assistance enroute at any stage in a very unbusy airport terminal. Also no compensation for having paid extra €85 euros for extra legroom seat which was not not available on my rebooked flight the following day.
 Check-in started three and half hours before take-off. Premium economy passengers are allowed to use Sky Priority check-in so it was quick and easy. Boarding started on time. AF's premium economy seat is in a hard shell so it slides forward to recline. On this flight I found my seat was working so I got full recline, where my wife's seat was slightly broken and did not recline fully. Like the journey to DXB the PE cabin was in need of a refresh, so while clean, it was showing its age. I did find the seat comfortable when fully reclined and managed to get 5 hours of sleep. A snack was served after take-off which was significantly better than the micro tuna sandwich we got coming to DXB. Breakfast was served 90 min before landing in CDG. Choice was omelette or creme. Both choices were unmemorable at best. The IFE system was ok but the choices seemed limited and the flight was not wifi enabled. The crew on this flight were very french and seemed grumpy, bordering rude. We landed early at CDG which was a good thing as the line for transfer security was ridiculously long for 6 am. The flight to LHR was a standard intra European flight but AF still managed to serve a snack and drink during the 45 min flight. Again for the price point I cannot recommend AF premium economy, it is simply not twice as good as regular economy.
 Flight from LHR to CDG was an unmemorable, standard intra European flight of 45 min. Despite this AF managed to serve a drink and a snack. CDG is a very confusing airport but we managed to find our departure gate. AF allows premium economy passengers to board via Sky Priority group 2. The seat is rather strange as it is a hard shell where the seat slides forward to recline. However I found my seat to be slightly broken so it did not recline as much as it should. My wife's seat next to me was in better condition, so she got full recline which looked comfortable. Generally the cabin looked very tired and in need of a refresh. The in-flight entertainment selection was not bad but limited compared with other airlines. The food was, on the other hand, very good. I would not have been disappointed to get the vegetable pasta in business class. The pre-landing snack, however, was probably the smallest tune sandwich I have ever seen. It was borderline a joke of a snack. The crew was friendly and attentive and they seemed well intended. We landed on time at DXB in the old terminal one but immigration and customs were quick and easy with no queues as we arrived at about 22:30. All in all not a bad flight, but not good value for money. This flight was not wifi enabled.
  Bangkok to Aberdeen via Paris. I am pleasantly surprised to say that Air France have appeared to have upped their game. All the flight attendants was very pleasant and even in CDG the staff was smiling which is a significant difference from previous adventures. Whatever has happened keep it up AF. I had a great journey today.
 Forced me to check in my luggage. Lost it. Promised to deliver. I called 5 times and was told to wait and that they were going to deliver, apparently they were not going to deliver. It is 11.31 pm and I’m driving to the airport again to pick my luggage up. I have to make it before 12 because the desk will close. Worst airline service I have experienced. People on the phone barely speak English.
  Hong Kong to London via Paris. Flight was cancelled one hour prior the boarding. The ground staff from Air France came after 1.5 hour, not very clear in the explanation to all the passengers. Pretty impolite I would say, leaving people wondering and upset. Our flight was rescheduled for the day after, but we have to use another airline for the connecting flight, means take all luggage again (which is inconvenient travelling with a baby). The alternative provided by the service is being redirected and downgraded to economy with another airline. I am Platinum member, I would have expected to be upgraded for the inconvenience, not the other way around. Everybody at the customer service understands, but never really solve your problem. Expensive, average-low service, poor handling of customer issues.
  I purchased tickets for myself and my friend from Air France website, which was operated by China Eastern. I couldn't check in and select seats online before the departure, so I only found out that our given and family names got back front in the system the night before our departure. This eventually caused serious loss, inconvenience and panic for us. My complaints to Air France are based on Very inefficient and bad communication service. My friend (whose first language is English) called Air France to address this issue many times on the night before our departure, our call was always transferred to the Air France office in the Philippines. The staff there had limited English, couldn't understand my friend much and it was also very difficult for my friend to understand them. He called more than 10 times, and only figured out the names cannot be changed but we are still not sure the reason. Air France and China Eastern tried to blame each other rather than helping us out. The day for our departure, we went to the airport to talk with the China Eastern. The staff there said names back front happens every day, the airlines can change them for us but it has to be Air France. We called Air France on site a few times with China Eastern staff together, we got the same answer, the names cant be changed because our flights were operated by China Eastern! China Eastern airport staff didn't let us board as they insisted that Air France has to change our names. As a result, we were stuck and had to see our flights leave in front of us, which was one of the most frustrating experience in my life.  We eventually went home, called Air France office many times to negotiate. At last, they said the only way they could offer was to make our tickets as a voucher of 3200 AUD, we had to still book Air France to use the voucher. Being desperate, we booked another Air France tickets, the cheapest one is 6600 AUD for two people, which meant we had to pay the same amount of money again to catch the plane that night. Also, our planned trip was greatly disturbed as these cheap tickets meant we had to come back Australia 2 days later, which caused my visa issue (one day overstay in Austria), two days work, and extra two days hotel and food cost. I will never recommend to travel with Air France.
  Frankfurt to Buenos Aires via Paris. The service attitude seemed to deteriorate throughout the flight: it began with the silent treatment by the crew who would not address pax during service and moved on to simply ignoring them after service. I had the purser in Business Class of Air France tell me I could fetch water myself at the self-service bar when I tried to order. Plates are consistently not cleared so space around the seat is just a horrendous clutter by the end of it. The end of it was that one flight attendant whom I had not seen in the 11 hrs of flight went around the cabin after landing giving me a thumbs up and saying everything ok as if to rate the performance on this flight. Wouldn’t fly Air France again regardless of the good seat and decent food. The lounge too was a bit underwhelming, with appointments at Clarins Spa and seating being very hard to come by. Had to wait 2hrs for a shower with the lounge attendant apologizing, but how can this be a premium experience? Their customer service don’t seem to respond to complaints either, which is a big no no for me. I would stay away.
 I flew from Paris to Taipei with Air France, the entire journey was perfect. I used the Air France app for the check in which was easy to use. The cabin crews were very polite, friendly and professional. The food served was quite good compared to other airlines and champagne was available even on economy class (free of charge). The aircraft was looking clean with comfortable seat and plenty of new movies on the inflight entertainment system. Thank you Air France.
 London to Nairobi via Paris. I fly internationally about 6-8 times a year over the past 30 years and this is by far the worst airline I've ever flown. The staff (ground and air) were terribly rude, refusing to allow me the hand case which had all my personal items instead wanting to check it through to Entebbe by force. I was also shocked that they would let passengers wait in the cold tarmac and stairwell in the middle of a cold wintry night to board a flight which was already delayed by 2 hours. Poor quality service and largely aged airplanes aren't unusual on the African leg of non-African carriers however the way passengers expect to be treated still dumbfounds me and Air France was no exception to this. All this without any apology to the hundreds of passengers who missed their onward flights from Nairobi to Harare, Entebbe, Bujumbura, Zanzibar, Accra etc. Unless Air France and several other carriers change their attitudes to Africans traveling to Africa, I'd recommend they (Africans) take their local carriers from Europe, USA, UK as they are guaranteed great service from fellow Africans in good airlines.
  I was denied boarding at the gate even though I had a ticket. I originally booked my flight with Lufthansa. After my original flight was canceled, I was booked to an Air France flight that departs for CDG from ATL at 8:25 pm on March 1st, 2019. I was able to check in online successfully, along with a note that says I will receive my seat number at the gate. When I arrived at the gate 2 hours before the flight took off, I was told by the agent that the flight is full and I was on standby, even though I had a ticket. Very soon, I found out that there are 8 passengers in total who were on standby tickets without knowing so, and were transferred to AirFrance one way or another. Eventually, the flight took off with 7 of us remaining on the ground. The agents at the gate in Atlanta were  rude to passengers and spoke to us like it is our fault that we were on standby without knowing because we had our tickets. They were never  apologetic, appeared not knowing the procedures, and told me and another passenger that since Lufthansa booked our tickets with Air France, it is not their problem that we did not get on the flight. I have never had contact with such rude staff and been denied boarding at the gate! This is my first experience with Air France, and it is such a shame that a big airline displays this extent of disregard to its passengers.
 Paris to Dublin.  Very good overall. Aircraft clean, boarding on time. CDG very nice airport, huge, clean, with lots of staff that can guide you. Counting that got tickets only for €49 with taxes-a bargain. Since I was flying with my little daughter who's suffering from travel sickness very important for me how smooth landing was on our flight from Paris to Dublin. So a kids friendly rating approved.
  Manchester to Johannesburg via Paris. We paid to be seated together with extra cost and when we checked in the lady would not listen to us as we should our booking with the seat we had paid for but she just said she could not change our seat as that’s what it show. we then went to customer service at Manchester airport but she also was very rude and not wanting to help. we paid good money for our seat. so we got to France and I spoke to a nice gentleman who said he will try to help which he did then sort our seat to a different seat, not happy as wanted to seat on upper deck which we booked on. on return flight with KLM the ladies said sorry but your seat are already for you but she also gave me different seat. I said I paid for this seat. I was very angry so spoke to another lady and she said your seat are her so she put me back on our seat. why do you charge for seat when you check in you are given different seat when we have paid for second our meals we ordered veg but no food came as they said we have run out. Shame on Air France you charge so much on ticket and you cannot get it right.
  Basel to Seoul via Paris. This is a fantastic airline to fly, the service is great, flight entertainment is decent and so on. I am dissatisfied that Air France sells a ticket to Korea with 40 minutes layover in CDG and the fact that my baggage had to come on the next flight do to this tight transfer ticket that they sold to me. Anyhow the seats was better than any other airline I flew in the past. Plenty of snacks and drink buffet at the rear of the plane for Economy. They provide a free internet access for messaging only but it is really just so slow for it to do Internet browsing and sending emails. You can do those, it will just take a much longer time than buying there internet service for a not so cheap prices. Meal was decent, I mean what can you expect from a Economy plane food from any airline.  Well, it was a much more pleasant experience than with Lufthansa. And looking for my trip with KLM in this coming week back to my home.
 The flight from Paris to Sao Paulo with Air France was excellent. Service friendly and professional. Meals and beverages on board were first quality. I slept 7 hours and arrived relaxed into Sao Paulo.
  Munich to Nairobi via Paris CDG. It was my first time, flying Air France and I got a good impression on both a European and international route. Booking was through KLM, which caused quite a bit of trouble, as by that time, online booking was not working. Booking via a telephone was new to me, but worked out fine. Check in at Munich Airport was very fast and efficient. Once I arrived at the gate, I was told the flight was 30 minutes late, but I was amazed how good both the ground staff and the pilots tried to get back in time. We arrived 5 minutes late in Paris. The A318 is extremely small and seating is not very comfortable, but the friendly steward made that up. Snack was two small muffins, extremely tasty and satisfying. Transiting through CDG is not the best, but worked out fine. Flight from CDG to Nairobi was a 7 hours and 30 minutes red-eye flight, very smooth, again with extremely nice crew members. Although I don't speak any French, I felt very welcomed. IFE system is good to handle with a big variety of movies and music, I did not use it though, because I slept through most of the flight. Food was not outstanding but not bad either. I heard so many bad things about Air France beforehand, but I actually enjoyed my flights. Would definitely fly them again!
  Flying Air France for the first time from Delhi to Paris. The boarding was chaotic but the staff tried their best to secure peace and order. Being a 2m tall guy and flying economy class is not the best experience. I could barely fit to the window seat and there is no way to stretch the legs. On the other hand if you are 1,8m you would be completely fine. The UX of fun portal was a bit outdated. There is a power outlet as well as USB output. The crew was fine. Due to flying over night we got a snack and then a breakfast. Both meals were fine as well.
  I was on a flight yesterday that was cancelled which I blame no one for but then the staff afterwards was not helpful in the slightest. We were told that we would be put on a different flight which never happened then another which never happened.. we were told that all of our stuff was finally switched and we arrive this morning after waiting outside in the cold for 45 minutes last night to take a bus to the hotel, and we were told that the flight we were put on we actually weren't. And the woman this morning said and I quote "I dont know why this happened, the woman last night made a huge mistake" that being said nothing has been done to right this wrong. Then on top of that we were given the run around trying to find out were we needed to go to get our new boarding passes and we got a different answer every time.
  London to Johannesburg via Paris. I enjoy flying with an A380. The seats as usual were excellent spacious and with adequate legroom. I always try to have an A seat as I lean to my left against the window to sleep. However seat 35A was quite far away from the window/side of the plane making it impossible to lean that way. The variety of entertainment although not as good as some airlines was good. The food was not great. Crew handed out a menu stating we would be offered an apéritif. The definition of this is "An apéritif is an alcoholic beverage usually served before a meal". We actually got our drink with our meal. Half a tiny glass of champagne with a very small plastic bottle of water on the tray. Tea, or something resembling that was offered. They rush through so much one doesn't get the chance to ask for something else. That was that until 2 hours before the landing. Paris to Johannesburg is a long long way. At no time did staff walk around with trays of water or just to see if anyone needed anything. I don't feel comfortable 'summonsing' someone with the call button to request one and the two passengers next to me slept the whole way so I didn't want to wake them. I used to fly this route with AF regularly and stopped. Now I know why. I won't be using them again.
  Birmingham to Delhi via Paris. Upon arriving at CDG we had trouble finding the gate so I enquired from an Air France member of staff to help, the response I got was “read the board”, appalling. The flight was ok. That’s where it ends, I received a text to say my luggage would not be arriving. 2 days later I made countless useless telephone calls and I am still waiting, I am now in Nepal with nothing. I was told by Air France my luggage would not be on the next flight out of CDG as the plane was at its weight limit, my luggage was 13kg. I have received no further communication.
  Prague to Miami via Paris. Booked trip 10 months ahead through tour group, had one connection each way when I booked (with Air France), some time before travel Air France changed itinerary on return trip, now two connections adding a lot of time and hassle right off the bat. Then on return leg flight delayed leaving Paris (middle leg) due to issue with Air France plane, causing us to miss the added connection, then had to take later flight. All together at least 8-10 hrs extra travel time over original itinerary. How did they think it was ok to add an extra connection? All I can say is there’s a lot of options to fly to Europe. I will not be using Air France again.
 Short flight from Paris to Madrid but excellently executed by Air France. Check in simple and fast, fast track through passport and security, fabulous lounge with nice breakfast available. Efficient boarding, new comfortable aircraft with friendly staff. Flight arrived on time. Air France consistently performs.
  London Heathrow to Paris CDG. Really enjoyed flying with Air France. Boarding was fast and organised, new aircraft, friendly staff and croissants and hot beverages was offered during this 40mins flight. Totally recommend Air France.
  We were very disappointed with the way Air France thinks of passengers as just air cargo. As a 50th wedding Anniversary we had booked well ahead but on the return leg could not select seats as the first leg was from Malaga to a connecting Flight from Paris. We were separated in our seating to 2 different areas of the plane , and it was a full flight - from the airline that purports to fly from the city of love. This was a low point of a fabulous trip!
  London to Johannesburg via Paris. First time in Business with this airline. Short hop to Paris followed by long layover in CDG Lounge - reasonably comfortable but little service. Departure delayed by 75 minutes of de-icing. Cabin crew stylish but a little aloof; generous with the champagne but slow to get going on the dinner service, despite it being well after 2.00am. Excellent food and wine when it arrived but poor breakfast before landing. 175 degree reclining seat allowed 5 hours of sleep.
  Bengaluru to Paris. Air France kept us on the jetway for 4 hours, without air conditioning and did not allow us to get off the plane, despite the plane still being connected to the jetway.  After the inevitable cancelling of the flight, we were then taken back through customs. After getting another flight with another airline (that was not in business class), we tried to have them honor our business class tickets by allowing us to wait in the executive lounge, which we had been able to access with our business class tickets, but since we had to get coach tickets at the last minute, then we were not allowed to wait in the lounge. The only positive that I can report is that the flight attendant was kind and remorseful; this was obviously not her fault in any way. However, as a company, Air France left a lot to be desired
  Paris to New York.  I particularly asked for a vegan meal when I booked the flight one month in advance. On Skyteam it appears that vegan meals are referred to as vegetarian non-dairy. I booked my flight on Premium Economy on Air France. There are two meals offered from Paris to New York. First is the main meal which was vegan but I noticed that because it was vegan, I got less food than the vegetarian sitting next to me. One and a half hours before the flight was set to land, a sandwich snack was offered to me. It looked like a chicken sandwich. When I notified the flight attendant, she took the sandwich back and disappeared until the flight was about to land. Other flight attendants came through quickly pick up the trash. No one bothered to follow up with me. I felt cramped in premium economy seating but I guess it offered extra legroom than regular economy.
  Joon (operated by AF) from Cape Town to Paris offered a satisfactory business class experience. Configuration was 2x2x2 which made access to the aisle a bit difficult as you had to climb over the person occupying the other seat. Service was friendly from a young crew. Food was OK. The almost flat bed was reasonably comfortable and I had a good sleep. The business class from Paris to Toronto on the 777 offers the pod-style in a 1x2x1 configuration giving everyone aisle access. Service was efficient, friendly and comfortable. Food OK. Enjoyed the snack prior to landing. Lie flat bed was good and I thoroughly enjoyed this business class experience.
  I flew with Air France from London Heathrow to Ho Chi Minh City via Paris. Both flights were enjoyable. The seats were comfortable, both aircraft looked new and clean. Flight attendants were polite, friendly and helpful. The food served for the Paris - Ho Chi Minh was quiet good compared to other airlines. Hope to fly with Air France again soon.
  Paris to Atlanta. In spite of asking for Vegetarian meal I was provided something with meat. When I told this to the hostess in english, she said something in french and moved on. Just ate the bread / yogurt that came with the meal. Second meal again was given a bread with some ham piece on it. Better avoid if you are very particular on what you eat. Seats were uncomfortable. Return journey in Delta was very comfortable - better seats and good vegetarian meal option.
  New York to Paris. We upgraded to premium economy on the day of the flight, costing £60 and resulting in a new boarding card being issued - all fine, we did this in order to be on 2 separate seats rather than a bank of 3 or 4 given it was a night flight. As we boarded we were stopped and without explanation or apology, issued new boarding cards which were for 2 seats not even together and on a bank of 3! We were dismissed upon discussing this, the staff were so rude and abrupt saying "there must be a reason, what did she say "I explained we weren't given one! We were simply instructed we had to sit in the new seats as the ones we'd paid for weren't available. It turns out, Air France had simply sold the upgraded seats twice and the other couple happened to get on the flight before us. The plane was dirty, the staff were surly and rude, the food was disgusting and despite an 8 hour duration, there was drinks offered twice only. We flew outward with Delta who were amazing, we had snacks and 2 meals as well as over 5 drinks rounds. the staff were friendly and the plane was immaculate. With regard to the comfort - zero, I got no sleep, the chair didn't recline properly. With regard to in flight entertainment - poor selection and a clunky system that constantly forced you to watch adverts before proceeding. I will never ever use Air France, we still have had no apology or reason for our last minute seat reallocation and I imagine there inst a hope in hell we will get that wasted £60 back.
  Bangkok to Paris, a day flight. The IFE was worn out and out of date. No touch screen, unclear screen and poor sound. Leaving Thailand, I ordered the Thai dish. It was terrible, dry, tasteless and inedible. No cabin crew serving refreshments during the 13H flight, you need to go to the galley. This is totally impossible if you are by the window with sleeping neighbors. Terrible inflight service. Dinner of raviolis was served upon landing, but who really cared after such a terrible flight. The airline is completely out of touch with the offering of competitors and remains locked in in what is believe the French class. Well there was no class to be seen just gloating, pretension and an overpriced flight
  My last experience with Air France was very good. Had a very long flight from Papeete to Paris via Lax for transfer. The cabin crew were very caring and even funny! The inflight entertainment offered a wide choice of movies and music, with some recent releases. The food quality was exquisite, two times services from PPT to LAX and again from LAX to CDG. The seat was very comfortable and I slept like a baby! I would book for sure again Business Class on that route, if only prices wouldn't be that high for this way! It was worth it!
  Ho Chi Minh City to Paris. Flew out from CDG with Vietnam Airlines as part of their code share agreement and was very impressed. On the return journey I expected a similar cabin lay out with the business class pods as they are plastered all over the Air France website. We were so disappointed to see that they were conventional seats that just extended out. I queried whether this was business class as it was not what I expected and was told this was an old style aircraft. The seat was very uncomfortable and it was not possible to lie in any other position than straight flat and even then the seat belt housing was digging in my side. Despite claims on their website there were no charging ports and the space was very cramped. There was nowhere to put a small ladies handbag. The screen had to be pulled up from the arm rest as was smaller than an ipad. The food was fine but the space to eat was cramped. The cabin itself had significantly more people in as the layout was 2x4x2 meaning greater pressure on toilets, staff etc. The hospitality pack had a very small tube of Clarins hand cream and one of moisturiser. Hardly generous and only just about fits the website description. Did not feel that special or particularly valued
  Singapore to Warsaw via Paris. I was surprised by the new Boeing 777 interior. It's very modern and comfy. Full HD IFE is great, however there aren't many Hollywood movies, mostly french. Food was delicious, but the portion was rather small. During the flight drinks and snacks were available. On the way from Paris to Warsaw there was only a drink and small cake. In my opinion it's too little for a full service airline as Air France.
  Warsaw to Shanghai via Paris. Nice cabin crew, much legroom. Food onboard is very good. Stopover at CDG without any problems. No IFE in the A321 and old IFE in the A380. Generally I enjoyed old A380 cabin, nice seats. When flying AF long haul there is a galley in kitchen with complimentary snacks and soft drinks.
  Mexico City to Paris. Very limited leg room, the screen equipment almost falling apart, dirty toilets, terrible food and inattentive flight crew. What else can one ask when travelling on such a long flight?! Never ever again.
  Brussels to Lome via Paris. Perfect service, professional and with good mood and humour. As usual excellent meal and As usual excellent food and drinks. The crew takes the time to talk, to make your trip as pleasant as possible.
  Paris to Atlanta. Very hard seat. The food was without taste. Wine great. Service during the flight almost non-existent. Near the end we did see 3 offering of water. The breakfast was a “pizza hot pocket” warm yogurt and bad juice. Great coffee but not enough. I did not eat my “breakfast.” Their motto French in the air. It is not! What a great country with excellent food choices and comfort.
  Nuremburg to Paris. I flew in business class, thought it´s worth it. Staff is very rude and not caring. You see that they feel bothered if you ask them for something (water, wine). No smiles and I didn´t feel welcome on board. And if you dare to ask for something the first thing you will hear them is a sigh. During the whole flight the flight attandants spend the time in the galley chatting and giggling. Later I saw them eating there and they ignored the button calls from their passengers. Never again and I would not recommend them. There are other carriers that value you, your time and your money much better than Air France.
  Dubai to Gothenburg via Paris. First time flying with Air France since 2004. The service was as good as I remembered. The food and drinks were very good. After take off a nice snack with a chicken salad, bread, croissant, and a dessert with a nice hot breakfast before landing. The crew were very nice and service minded. On the second flight with HOP also great service and a nice snack included.
  Beirut to New York via Paris. The food was disappointing. We took a long flight, and the least that they can do is provide a decent meal for the people that are paying this much to fly with them. To be honest, i wouldn't fly with them again.
  London to Singapore via Paris. First small flight was ok. Main flight was good. Cabin crew very good but let down by one who was rude. The seat was ok but controls are where you rest your arms so press buttons without realising. Food and service of it didn't feel as good as other carriers and was served on a tray which I would expect on business.
  London to Luanda via Paris. Had the most horrible experience from the bag drop to the aeroplane for long haul flight. The bag drop assistant was extremely rude, saying he was upset we were late, we arrived 10 min before bag drop closed. Never met someone so cruel we almost stayed behind until he changed his mind and said we could travel without our luggage which we crazily did and ended up paying around £700 to have it shipped because our trip was for 3 weeks. The aircraft was old and uncomfortable for a long flight overnight.
  Flight was delayed in Cancun, also was 30 min late arrive to Paris CDG, they lost both of my suitcases. I had to wait 7 hours for next flight (even they inform me is fully booked but plane was half empty ). Extremely rude personal on the ground, i didn’t get any mobility assistance. 2 very long lines at security, they were extremely slow,. Nightmare, they never give me any vouchers or food or drink. Do not recommend.
  Paris to Ho Chi Minh. Great experience flying with Air France. Boarding the aircraft was fast and organised. Cabin crew was professional, friendly and attentive. The aircraft cabin was quiet nice and the entertainment system was good, movies, music albums and concerts with a decent size screen. The food was not bad and champagne was even available on the economy class. Hope flying with Air France again soon.
  Paris to Prague. It was first time for me to travel with Air France, and I was quite disappointed. Even I bought more expensive ticket, so I could have 2 cabin bags, I was told that I have check in one of them as flight is apparently completely full, which would be understandable, however as I was boarding quite early there was countless amount of passengers coming on board after me who had bigger and more luggage than me. The final drop of this disappointment was, that flight was so full, that I was sitting by my self on 3 seater, so could store my luggage all around me if I wanted to.
  Mexico City to Athens via Paris CDG. Both flights were on time. Seat comfort was excellent specially on the transatlantic flight. Food quality and quantity was top notch. The service provided by the FA's was amazing and very professional. Overall it was an excellent experience.
  Cork to Moscow via Paris. Delayed flights on both trips, ended up missing a connecting flight as a result. Appalling service on the ground in the airport. Luggage severely delayed despite being promised it would be put on my new flight with me. Absolute disaster.
  Freetown to Tokyo via Paris. The A340 on the Freetown-Paris leg is in desperate need of an upgrade; the seats are old and tired, the IFE screen is 6 inches and poor quality, and the bathrooms dirty and worn. Paris to Tokyo return was acceptable, but not great. On one leg, I made the mistake of paying for an emergency-exit seat, and whilst the legroom was great, the seat width was severely limited due to the TV and table in the armrest. On the return leg, the seats were tightly packed with little legroom. IFE was limited, very few options. All the meals were average, as was the service. The Japanese crew were friendly and attentive, whilst the French crew tended to go through the motions and then hide away. You didn't see them outside of the meal service. My experience with Air France is that the crew just disappear, and they don't seem to really enjoy their work or be motivated to provide good customer service.
  Bogota to Paris. I have been greatly impressed by the quality of the whole experience with Air France, from ground staff to the flight. I am reviewing the BOG-CDG segment of my trip, but I actually did BOG-CDG-MRS back and forth. All legs in Economy class, except CDG-BOG in Economy Plus (upgrade). Luggage check-in at BOG airport: uneventful, despite the date (December 22), it was rather organized, but I have to admit, the waiting time was a bit long (30 minutes). Boarding at gate level was very well organized, by groups, and they enforced the group system, which is a rare occurrence at BOG airport. This resulted in a well organized and hassle free process. Aircraft was a Boeing 787-9. This plane is a great enhancement from previous A340. Economy seat was comfortable enough, IFE with a good quality screen and a great movie and series selection. Wifi is available during the flight, quality and speed was good, but 20 Mb for 5 euros is expensive. Food has been in good quantity and super quality, I actually enjoyed it. Cabin crew have been excellent, very professional, attentive and well mannered. I never felt pressured like I nearly always feel with US companies (esp. United). I want to highlight that cabin crew have been consistent across the 4 flights I did. Finally, for my last leg (CDG-BOG), a cabin crew member was reported to have passed out like 5 minutes before boarding but they found a replacement crew member in 10 minutes. I was quite impressed! Of course CDG is their worldwide hub and they have a number of crew in stand by. I would definitely recommend Air France. 
  Tokyo to Paris. The flight was slightly delayed from Narita Airport. The ground crew told me to hand  my baggage to a certain counter, to which I was denied, because the baggage service was about to be closed. I was there at 9.40 and the flight was at 11.40.  I was asleep when the meal was served but awoke when the CA were approx. 4 seats in front of me (serving from front to rear area). They saw me, but didn't serve me at all. After few minutes I called one of them and he said, it's because I was sleeping. I had window seat and the aisle seat's passenger slept almost all the time. Once I woke him up to go to the restroom and saw a CA sat down at the pantry and reading a magazine, while the passengers had to go there if they want snack or drink. The entertainment equipment was quite old, as well as the movies and there were only few Japanese movies.
  Paris to Venice. Air France ground crew were atrocious. They at random selected people to have their bags weighed. My wife and I were selected. Our bags were 10kg and 8kg which if added together was too much - for two people it was well under the limit, but they required us to check both of our carryons saying it was too heavy. Mind you, we had only decided to travel with carryon bags to spend less time waiting at baggage claim so we were already traveling light. Meanwhile a lady with three bags walks through and isn’t selected - and her bags were bigger than ours. As a result due to a kind Air France agent we were able to check our bags for free because otherwise that would’ve been 80 euros. Unacceptable behavior by Air France which soured our honeymoon.
  Paris to Tokyo Haneda. Firstly, the check-in counter in terminal 2E replaced the humans by machines. I’m not against that organisation. But It was completely jam packed, disorganised with just 5 or 6 assistant  for nearly a thousand passengers. There were a dozen flights that took off at the same time than the one I flew on, so you can imagine the situation in the check-in area with no other special dispositions. Secondly, concerning the in-flight experience, the seat was ok : legroom was correct, in the average. However the catering was just revolting, even if I was in economy class, I expect a minimum quality and respect in passenger services : this is a total fail for Air France. Actually plane foods are not very tasty, but for instance on 5 star airlines such ANA I was able to finish my plate, as you may imagine, this wasn’t the case at all this time. Regarding the entertainment system, it’s easy to navigate in it, the response is ok even if the touch sensibility is not really good. The bad point is on the movie selection which is very poor, not on its quantity but on its quality (again). I won’t say a comment on the cabin attendant because the service quality can widely differ between them, maybe a part of the french charm. All in all, I didn’t fly on Air France for nearly 10 years, and it was a mistake to try again. The new ads and commercials are far from the true quality, and are just a marketing strategy for an airline which is sinking. 
  Paris to Punta Cana To my vacation. My luggage was lost and 3 days I was without any clothes. So I came from winter to summer country. This was horrible. Once flying back, they lost package as well. I am shocked. I filed the claim for compensation and they never compensated. I do not recommend to use Air France
  Toronto to Paris via Nairobi. Ridiculous service which cut my expensive trip to Africa short and cause intense stress. Waiting 7 hours to be told the flight has been canceled and now waiting another few hours to receive a voucher.
  Paris to Sao Paulo. Simply the best flight of 2018. I have flown more than 70 times this year in all classes but this was head and shoulders above the rest. Everything about this flight was 10/10 except the service which was 20/10. I was flying Premium Economy but it felt like I was in First Class. The staff on this flight were so thoughtful, simple things, like getting the liquor I like from Business class, espresso coffee, frequently checking if i needed anything else, the staff could not do enough. I am Platinum with Air France and the staff really make you feel like you have made the right decision by choosing Air France as your airline of choice. Air France consistently delivers for its Frequent Flyers. Aside from the benefits I enjoyed because of my status the flight was also 10/10. Comfortable seat, excellent entertainment and very tasty food. The cabin was as always in excellent condition and spotless. The key for any memorable flight is its crew and this crew rates amongst the very best I have ever flown with in 30 years of travelling.
  Boston to Riga via Paris. When arriving in Paris from Boston, we were greeted with never ending security checks. Duty free items that were purchased at the airport inside the terminal as gifts were unpacked, scrutinized, and handled without care. On the way back from Riga, we missed our connecting flight, and were treated with the utmost of disrespect and rudeness when trying to change the flights at the ticketing office. The Air France employee refused to look into the situation, check the tickets properly, and simply did not want to do her job. In addition, upon me making an inside joke to my wife in regards to our luck, the employee threw my papers back at me and stated that if I wanted to laugh, I should go look for help someplace else. While apologizing and trying to straighten out the situation, we wound up missing our second rebooked flight out of Paris. When finally arriving back in Boston, our luggage was obviously mishandled, and certain parts of the bag were broken off. Overall, besides the human made troubles, the airport itself is very confusing, unaccommodating, and lacks any real amenities, such as a place to sit down and enjoy a decent meal.
  Booked to fly to New Delhi from Birmingham changing planes in Paris, one hour to make it to the next flight which is a joke considering it takes 35 minutes to pass through security. Missed connection, no help from staff and made to pay hotel €120 plus food out of pocket for €150. Flew out the next day luggage didn’t arrive till four days later. Will never use Air France again.
  Freetown to New York via Paris. Two very average flights, especially considering it was Business Class. No welcome drinks were offered on departure from Freetown; however, as the flight makes a 1.5 hour stop-over in Conakry, it was a long, long time before any drink or refreshments were offered at all. On both legs, service was average at best. I did not feel like I was in Business Class; no drink runs were made outside of the meal service, and the food was incredibly poor. For breakfast on the CDG-JFK leg, I felt the omelette was the equivalent of something you'd get in Economy Class. Furthermore, one entire course of food that was mentioned in the menu was not offered. As crew were absent from the cabin, I went to the galley to get a coffee and had to wait ages as the crew were busy chatting. Certainly not a premium offering in terms of food, wine or service; however the hard-product was good.
  Paris to Bangalore. Air France takes off, flies, lands. Expect no more. If you get the edible food you like (or have pre ordered) and your checked in baggage, it is a bonus. If you are expecting courteous service just forget Air France. Even in business class you are treated like a piece of you know what. I can only shudder to think of the folks who travel in economy on this ghastly airline. Even though the baggage is marked as priority it is just a consolation for the eyes. Once my baggage got delayed and the ground handlers had no clue whether the baggage made it or not and had to wait for the last bag (remember it was a priority baggage). At times the priority baggage is  mixed up with the usual baggage so you wait forever to collect them. My recommendations if you travel Air France, carry cabin baggage only, bring your own food if possible, bring your own travel assistant or hostess who will look after you on the flight.
  Munich to Mexico City via Paris CDG. The check in in MUC went smooth and rather quick. The agent even accepted my 2 kg luggage overweight without complaining what was really great. The seat pitch on the A318 is horrible, very cramped. It was ok for the one-hour-leg but this is not premium level. Boarding the A380 in CDG was very smooth. I paid for a seat with extra leg room at an emergency exit on the upper deck. The cabin is very nice yet there is a 2-3-2 seat configuration. Although I had great leg room, the seats were horrible. I’m rather a huge person and it was very cramped in the sweat because the armrest in one side is immovable because the tray table is in it. The seats are very hard and uncomfortable for a 12h flight. After six hours I had a sore back and wasn’t able to sit anymore. The cabin has to be updated urgently! The staff on this flight was amazing, very friendly, permanently smiling and very attentive! The service was quick and drinks were offered during the whole flight. I ordered a gluten free special meal and I was served first. The quality of the food was good for economy standards. Flight was on time at all legs. I would definitely fly AF again but only on flights till 6 hours. For any longer flight the current seats on the 380 aren’t designed.
  Paris to Bilbao. There is a luggage theft ring that affected several customers on this flight. Both luggages arrived, but the tracking tag, my name tag, and the sticker had all been removed. My name tag had been cut off. This happened to several bags on the flight. Clearly, someone connected to the baggage system wanted to have several lost luggages with no available tracking. I tried to use the Air France online system to report this problem, but there is no way to do so. One needs to have a lost luggage to report a problem, not a clear attempted theft.
  Cancun to Copenhagen via Paris. I'm not the type of writing reviews, but this was so bad an experience that it has to be shared here. We booked flights half a year before and called twice to confirm that it did not cost more to pay for extra baggage if we paid at the airport rather than online. But guess what we paid more. Even though their flight was old, the seats were falling apart and the screens worked miserably. On the day of travel we received an sms that our flight from Cancun was delayed for one hour and that they had hired us on a later flight from Paris to Kastrup. This took 5 hours after we would fly. We drove out early in Cancun airport and asked if there was anything to do, because we still thought we could reach our plane in Paris. It was not there and we should talk to Air France when we arrived in Paris. Here we are and they will not do anything because they have sold our seats to others. So now we sit here in Paris and think we took all our precautions. We called early from Cancun to Air France, we left early at the airport and talked with them and we ran from gate to street in Paris to reach our real plane and then they sold our seats to others. The conclusion is that it's the first and last time we ever travel with them and I would not recommend them to anyone. DK: Jeg er ikke typen der skriver anmeldelser, men dette var så dårlig en oplevelse at det må deles her. Vi bookede flybilletter et halvt år forinden og ringede to gange for at bekræfte at det ikke kostede mere at betale for ekstra baggage hvis vi betalte i lufthavnen frem for på nettet. Men gæt hvad vi betalte mere. Nok om det deres fly var gammelt, sæderne var ved at falde fra hinanden og skærmene fungerede elendigt. På rejse dagen fik vi en sms om at vores fly fra Cancun var forsinket en time og at de derfor havde sat os på et senere fly fra Paris til Kastrup. Dette bar hele 5 timer efter at vi ellers skulle flyve. Vi kørte tidligt ud i Cancun lufthavn og spurgte om der var noget at gøre, for vi mente stadig vi kunne nå vores fly i Paris. Det var der ikke og vi skulle snakke med Air France når vi kom til Paris. Her er vi så og de vil ikke gøre noget for de har solgt vores sæder ril andre. Så nu sidder vi her i Paris og tænker at vi taget alle vores forholdsregler. Vi ringede tidligt fra Cancun til Air France, vi tog tidligt ud i lufthavnen og snakkede med dem og vi løb fra gate til gate i Paris for at nå vores rigtig fly og så har de solgt vores pladser til andre. Konklusionen er at det er første og sidste gang vi nogensinde rejser med dem og jeg vil ikke anbefale dem til nogen som helst!!!!!!!!!!!!
  Moscow to Santiago de Chile via Paris. This is the worst flight experience my wife and I ever had in our lives. My wife's luggage was checked in at Moscow and was supposed to arrive directly to Santiago. However, by the time of our arrival my wife's luggage was not there and the Air France representative told us that it would only arrive with the next flight. In total, half of our luggage went missing, including the most basic clothes, what resulted in the necessity to go immediately to a shopping mall and spending money on new clean clothing. I have also learnt later that after making the claim about the delayed luggage, one piece is actually missing and Air France can't find it. Disgusting and really bad service from a company of such level. My wife and I will never use this airline ever again and we have also told our friends to avoid it.
  Krakow to Amsterdam via Paris. This company is improving steadily each day. Their management of delays is top of the line. I got instantly rebooked to an earlier flight in order to get on time for my connecting flight in Amsterdam.
  London to Taipei via Paris on business class. Check in at LHR T4 is the typical fashion – slow and not too friendly. The queue for Sky Priority was long and that seems to be the norm when flying out of LHR T4. The Sky Team lounge at T4 is nothing to write home about. It’s large and not busy but feels very basic. First lag of the journey was operated by an Airbus 320. The plane isn’t new and the business class seat was exactly the same as economy although they kept the middle seat empty. Service was efficient but lack of warmth and the catering wasn’t exciting. Left Heathrow slightly late due to traffic control but arrived at CDG slightly early. The transit in CDG is pretty straight forward but not as efficient as AMS Schiphol. Airport is modern and clean, and the Air France lounge in hall M was busy. Being at Air France lounge the drinks (wine and champagne ) choices were good. Second lag of the journey (CDG to TPE) was operated by an old B777-200. Boarding was well organised and Sky Priority was enforced. I was surprised that no one was at the door to welcome passengers. However once onboard the service was friendly and warm and the crew were very elegant. Food and wine on AF was first class and the seat was comfortable and spacious. Entertainment system also worked well although this was an old plane. There was no wifi though. Overall Air France business class (the renovated version) offers a good product and service, but personally I’d prefer to travel on A350 which is so much quieter than B777.
  Prague to Paris. I have never written a review before, however, the kindness of Air France  staff was so exemplary that I felt moved to inform  of my wonderful experience. On October 24, 2018 my husband and I were delayed in traffic by an airport shuttle. Having never missed a flight before, I was understandably trying to conceal my panic. Air France lovely, professional and kind staff couldn't have been any nicer. They assisted us in finding another flight to Paris which allowed us to continue uninterrupted back to the States. I honestly felt like I wanted to hug them. I have occasionally heard that the French could be somewhat cool, (which I am sure came from a somewhat cool individual themselves.) I would like to report that Air France staff showed the kindness and empathy that I am sure truly represents your beautiful country! Thank you for a wonderful flight with your beautiful staff. We will always choose Air France when possible. 
  Manchester to Sao Paulo via Paris. I had my luggage delayed 72hrs by Air France and they didn't pay one cent for my expenses. I talked with different people, in Guarulhos, by phone and in the UK, everyone confirmed that I would have my expenses with transport, clothes and toiletries paid by Air France. They have never mention the Montreal Convention to set the rules and therefore I was faithful that they would cover at least the measurable demands they have caused, well, my faith on their services is now represented by this review and it is obvious that my expectations were not achieve: Not for the time solving the initial problem and nether on payment the consequences of the problems that you have caused.  My complaint was placed on 25th October, I got their answer after 2 weeks and half with a negative for a demand that could be accepted, and I can add that their answer do not respect my frustration on using their services. 
  
Paris CDG to London Heathrow. Boarding was fast, the cabin was clean and seats were pretty comfortable. During the 40mins flight the flight attendants served beverages and little sandwiches. Totally recommend Air France.
 Paris CDG to Budapest. An outstanding flight with Air France. Accross the airport the ground personel was very helpful to the passengers. The flight departed on time. The plane was remarkably clean when we boarded. There was good legroom aboard this small aircraft and the seat was comfortable for a short 2 hours flight. We received a waffle and a biscuit during the flights, which were acceptable. The drinks on board were excellent. Throughout the flight, the crew was kind and sometimes the attendants had a short talk with passengers. Finally, the landing was soft and we arrived to the gate 15 minutes before scheduled arrival time. Note that inflight entertainment is free, but offered on a personal device.
  Niamey to Paris. Had the pleasure of getting upgraded to Premium Economy recently on a 6-hr flight. Not sure what they were thinking when they designed these seats, but it was legitimately the most uncomfortable seat I’ve ever flown in. Rather than the seat reclining to give you enough angle to fall asleep, the brawny-paper towel thick seat cushions only slid down halfway to the floor, leaving me responsible for holding my body weight for the entire flight. No recline whatsoever. If you ever get upgraded, politely decline the garbage seat and opt for regular economy.
 Enjoyable flight from Porto to Paris! Did my check in online on the Air France app. Flight departed on time, cabin crews were very friendly, attentive and helpful. The aircraft was clean and seat comfortable. Totally recommend Air France.
  Flying out was fine. We had a wonderful break. I tried numerous times to check in for the return flight but the Air France website repeatedly froze. We arrived at CDG in plenty of time, one and a half hours before the flight, only to be told we were late. My son's French is very good and heard the check in staff discussing how their website is rubbish and it was saying the flight was closed as it was quoting the wrong take off time. We were issued with our boarding passes but no apology. We had paid for an extra piece of luggage, which was a large box. We were given the wrong directions for the oversize luggage. We had to sit separately. On arriving at LHR I got an email and text explaining my luggage had not been loaded. I went to the desk in baggage reclaim to be told my luggage was not on the system but it was not at all unusual for the staff in oversize baggage at CDG not to load the luggage. It was delivered the next day, 50 minutes outside of the 2 hour period for the delivery.
  Cayenne to Paris Orly. After one long waiting hour in hot conditions at Cayenne airport, we took off from French Guiana to join Paris Orly (night flight). In flight meal was served quickly and we could sleep at least 5 hours before light breakfast. The Boeing 777-200 reclining seats in economy could have been changed to new seats that not bother the passenger being. Good flight: we landed right on time.
  Paris Orly to Cayenne. The aircraft took off and landed at the right time. In flight meals and entertainment were OK, with a large choice of films and music. Reclining seats in night positions bother the passenger behind. It would be better if Air France would use new seats.
  Paris to Washington. I'm so furious with Air France's incompetent baggage policy and handling. I arrived 2 hours early for my flight in Paris with a backpack and a rolly bag that I use as a carry-on. I used this same bag combination on 3 separate flights on this same journey. This time, however, an Air France employee stopped me before the security checkpoint in Paris and said I had to check my rolly because it weighed over 12 KG. I went to the AF baggage check-in line. The employees were slow. They did not seem to care at all about the huge queue. I waited for 1 hour before they took my bag. The flight was also delayed 1 hour, which should have left plenty of time to load my forced-checked-bag onto the plane. When I arrived in the US, my bag was missing! Still in Paris! An AF employee directed me to exit immigration/customs and file a report at the Air France office. But the office was closed. A Delta employee helped me confirm my bag was indeed still in Paris (it was a code-share flight). Unfortunately she wrote a wrong file reference code on my folder. She just wrote a wrong digit. Simple mistake, but another headache and more lost hours getting help on the phone and figuring out where my bag is. 
  It was my misfortune to select this airline for my flight to Tahiti, for reasons best known to the airline they chose to downgrade us from premium economy to economy without any explanation or apology this despite the fact that the flights were were booked 4 months prior to departure. The airline did refund the difference in cost which was little compensation for a horrible flight, add to that the ground crew at LAX were unbelievably officious and and sour when trying to deal with this issue which only came to light on checkin. We made a written complaint but the complaints department were not any better advising that we had been notified by email in French, a language we don’t speak, and had been refunded which should be good enough for us, in any case we did not received any mails changing our seats. The crew tried to help when boarding and couldn’t offer us an upgrade to business which we were quite prepared to pay for even though they do not provide flatbed seats on this 8 hour, 3 hour time change route, in short as passengers who fly worldwide at least 20 times a year we have never encountered such complete disregard from a national carrier, the worst part is we are due to return to LAX from Tahiti with them in several days. We ordered kosher meals and that was cancelled as well.
  London to Paris. Really enjoyed flying with Air France. The aircraft was looking new with beautiful and clean cabin. The cabin crew who served me was smiley, friendly and attentive. Hot beverages and pastries was offered during this 40 mins flight. Definitely flying with Air France again.
  Zurich to Mexico City via Paris cdg. I was surprised at how comfortable the business class seats are. They are not fully flat, but I slept really well (also compared to other flights I've had). The cabin crew is friendly, the pursuer came to me personally and the service is professional. Down side is that window seats don't have direct Isle access, but there is plenty of space to pass the neighbour.
  Paris CDG to Dublin. Good service on board as usual. Stewardess was very obliging when there was no other choice for the business class main meal. Impeccable as expected with Air France. Check in and security a breeze in CDG with Sky priority. Lounge had a good variety to eat for breakfast. Flight arrived on time and well informed of the journey by the captain. However the bagage on arrival seems to always be a long wait at Dublin Airport. There were 4 passengers in business class and when the bags finally came out mine was 37th to come out.
 Los Angeles to Paris CDG. After being a loyal AF customer for all flights to Europe, this trip is the last straw. I keep hoping they will turn things around but things are only going downhill. First, my biggest complaint has always been cleanliness. Most of the times, I fly business and even in business the seat areas are filthy. I always bring wipes to do it myself. No matter how many times I've left this feedback, nothing changes. On an international flight, cleaning down the seating areas is not too much to ask. Besides this, I got to experience premium economy recently due to no availability in business at all. It was underwhelming to say the least. Seats were uncomfortable, service was minimal, and in general nothing validated the up charge from economy. The biggest reason I will no longer fly AF is the lack of customer care from phone support to airport I experienced recently. What is going on with them recently? Anytime you need phone support the answer ranges from "nothing we can do" to "you'll have to ask at the airport." At the airport, at CDG, presumably their home base where services should be stellar, lines of 20+ were building up due to lack of personnel at all check-in points. Literally 1, maybe 2 in some lines, check in agent for all lines regardless of status or priority. What's more? They have people waiting with absolutely no distinction between checking in for foreigners vs EU residents and yet we get to the front after 30+ minutes in line and tell us we need to be in another line. Which looks like it's going to be at least 1 hour with one agent at the desk with 20+ people in line and building! Ask for help. They just ignore you by saying not their problem with a shrug of their shoulder. Seriously AF and it's workers with their haughty attitudes needs to realize with no customers, there's no airline, and subsequently no jobs. Whatever the internal issues and gripes are between the company and it's workers, paying customers should not have to feel like beggars asking for service that we paid for.
  San Francisco to Paris. I have a rather good time flying Air France. The food is above average in coach and FAs are almost always polite, friendly and helpful. The seats are nicely designed and allow for decent leg space and the cup holder is a really nice addition. Lots of people dislike Air France because of their CDG hub but I’ve never had a particular problem there and find it more organized than most US airports I’ve been to. If you get to choose, do avoid the A380 though, as the coach cabin hasn’t been refurbished on those yet.
  Dublin to Paris CDG. Another good flight with Air France. Cabin crew friendly, efficient and excellent. Served a lovely prawn and hummus dish, fruits, a small cupcake and a delicious chocolate. All well presented. The collation was enough and not too high in calories. The lounge in Dublin had a reasonably good choice of food this time and was far better than my previous visits there. A bit of a wait for my luggage ( it took about 30 minutes) but immigration check in Paris was really quick. The only thing that I find really annoying is how some of the staff at check in at Dublin Airport can act. Ok I don't wear designer clothes and I don't look rich but please don't assume that I don't know which queue I should use so don't ask " are you travelling business class ?" before looking at my boarding pass first.
  Paris to Amsterdam with an Economy class No Baggage ticket. I had a small luggage and a laptop bag with me and 15 minutes before the closing of gates of my flight Air France said they would not take them in cabin! Air France charges 50 Euros for a single checked-in baggage.
  Tehran to Toronto via Paris. I have never seen such a poor service. My flight was on 14 August with my family and my little daughter to Toronto and unfortunately Air France lost the stroller of my kid and for more than 10 days we had no call from them and finally they delivered a broken stroller with no wheels to us! So they asked us to fill in baggage claim form to make it up to us and imagine all this is happening to us during a 20 days trip with my kid with no stroller and you can not believe how much it was hard and we couldn't go out for walking or visiting any place cause my daughter had no stroller to sit on! We attended two more times to airport till our return flight to home on 07.09 but nothing happened and no body gave any attention. I waited for another week to see if anyone cares about our loss and what they did to us but surprisingly no body did. You ruined our trip and you made a very bad memory in our mind.
  Atlanta to Paris. I always thought that Air France is a good airline. I used them several times and I want people to know that crew on board the plane is fantastic no problems there whatsoever. However it really sucks when you call customer service to find out if they found the missing luggage and the person behind the phone treats you like your just an amount of dollar not a human being without your clothes and medication. I've never being humiliated in that way in my life.
  Paris to Rome. After charging us the ridiculous baggage fees we were required to manual scan and load them onto their conveyor belt. Nothing worked. There was virtually no help behind the counter and three persons who tried to help all failed and kept referring us to others. One actually ran away and would not make eye contact. Give yourself an extra hour if you are checking baggage at CDG
  Stockholm to Marseille. My flight was cancelled. Air France was helpful with the situation but I received numerous confusing delayed emails within a 12 hour span. "One of 2 connecting flights was cancelled we will get you a new one. Got you a new one in a different city. Oh by the way the second flight of the initial flight was cancelled. Then you have a new flight to another new city." I was so confused and the only way to contact them in the middle of the night without international charges on my phone was through a messenger app which can take hours for them to respond. After they did respond I was sent the initial flight information which had been cancelled. Why do I need this? I received numerous emails of cancelled flight I didnt need confusing me. Was the flight back on? I also never received a cancellation email for the second cancelled flight. All of a sudden I have 2 flights? Air France did respond and give me the most updated flight info bit what a roller coaster of emotions. Especially flying alone and on a time schedule with connecting flights.
  Algiers to New York via Paris. This is my first time putting a bad review regarding Air France. My flight from Paris to NY, carrying 2 kids (2,5 years and 9 months was just horrible) This was on August 23, 2018. I had to carry my 9 months old during the 9 hours of my flight, as the bassinet was very tight for him, and I had to take care of 2.5 years with one hand. No one from the cabin crew tried to help, in fact, they were looking at me very weird, it's like I did something bad. Even when I asked them to bring the bassinet in the begging, she gave me a bad face. I struggled alone during my 9 hours without any, any any help. Then la cerise sur le gateau, I had a couple seating next me, who tried to change their seats as soon as they saw my babies, but the flight was full. My 2.5 almost threw up when we started out landing, they started screaming at me, both adults, they were saying we paid for our tickets, it's OK we all did, even my baby. Excuse me if you are seating next to strange people (Kids). The cabin crew didn't do anything to intervene. I felt alone among monsters who don't like seating next to innocent people. Plus when the plane landed and everyone left the cabin. The people from the cabin crew were all standing in front of me, and no one offered to help me to take our my luggage from the above cabinet. One of the passengers felt sorry for me and he did it. Bottom line, be careful when you travel with your kids with Air France. 
 Mauritius to London. Just for reference, I flew from London to Mauritius via Air Mauritius and that was simply amazing. Now on my flight back from Mauritius to London the flight was via Air France (although in the booking it said Air Mauritius); Mauritius to Paris and then Paris to London. 12 hours of air time. The flight from Mauritius to Paris was the worse flight I ever had! I tried Ryanair once and said never again but after trying Air France I probably would prefer Ryanair! So food, we had two meals and I know French are famous for their cusine but this was a complete disgrace, the quality of everything was so horrible. My wife does not complain about food ever and she couldn't finish any meal, the bread for dinner was good! But for breakfast it was like a dry ice cube. The staff were arrogant and annoying, I don't understand how an airline staff was not trained on common courtesy! I don't sleep on flights usually but on a 12 hours flight, I can get an eye shut for an hour or two but not with this staff, running around with flash lights up and down like Godzilla rampaging through a Japanese city, slamming chairs backs not considering or warning the person sitting at the back! One positive was, for a change I was not the only passenger who couldn't sleep! Last big complaint I have, from every three announcements one was repeated in English and on the plane the English was really bad (English is not my first language either but people can understand me clearly at my job)! At Paris airport I noted to one of the ladies that they announced check-in but didn't do it in English and I wondered if that's standard procedure. She said "I will check sir!" Went to the lady who was doing announcements and after giggling loud while I was 5 meters away, started announcing in French and English. Finally on the short trip to London, same thing, some announcements in English many without. I fly to Germany via Lufthansa a lot, they love their language as much as the French still they always announce first in German and then in English like clock work. It's something that shows respect to their passengers and a simple understanding that not everyone knows German. I could had added other issues such as the cleanliness, the old broken arm rests and the inhuman seats. The problem from my point of view was a clear lack of care for the passengers and a lack of professionalism by the staff. To sum it up, never again! If I was French I would be ashamed that such an airline is representing my country.
  London to Paris. Hand baggage within dimensions taken at gate. Passengers behind me then occupied luggage bin above my seat. Will probably now miss connecting train and business meeting in morning. Will never fly again.
  Mauritius to London via Paris. The worst airline. I do not even know where to start. Our flight from London to Mauritius with Air Mauritius was wonderful but we were in for quite a nasty surprise on the way back. The staff were not making announcements in English and when they did it was very confusing. The food was poor for me and the seats were very uncomfortable. The seats on the short flight from Paris to London were much more comfortable compared to the seats on the 12 hours flight from Mauritius to Paris. I do not understand how this makes sense and to top it all two staff members started to forcefully push back all the three seats in front of us without any warning. This was in the middle of the night when all the lights were switched off. I responded with shocked uncontrollable gasped and it was met with "do you have a problem madame, you can do the same with your seat". The fact I can push back my seat was not the point, a little warning with have been basic human decency. I am not even talking about professional courtesy. This was not the way I expected to end my honeymoon. Thank you Air France for unforgettable experience. Never again!
  Washington to Paris CDG . Left my shaving bag in my seat, realized it was missing within 10 minutes of leaving the plane, had not even left the Air France Lounge when I reported the loss. They refused to make any attempt whatsoever to retrieve my valuables (and there were many!) Their procedure for retrieving lost or forgotten items is archaic, the staff are obnoxious and uncooperative, arrogant and inefficient. I will never fly with Air France again! My advice is to make sure if you are flying with them, make no errors! Resolving problems through them is impossible!
  Miami to Bologna via Paris. The worst experience with Air France. They lost my baggage in Paris and after 4 days I'm still waiting them. I have call customer care care and they told me that my baggage was accidentally send to another city of France and will take another 4 days to be delivery to my hotel. So total 8 days to have back my belonging. The person on the phone was rude. I will never fly again with Air France, they were not supportive at all and rude on customer care.
  Paris to New York. I have never had such a horrid travel experience before. As usual, I left plenty of time, 3.5 hours to be exact from the arrival of the Air France operated flight to my connection with AA in NY. As I have global entry I’ve found that leaves plenty of time. All seemed fine until the flight was delayed once, then twice, then three times, then four times. Never with a notification other than when people lined up for the boarding time only to see the screen at the gate had changed departure time once again. They gave 11 Euro vouchers for lunch, which mind you in CDG is not at all equivalent to a meal with even a water. I found that only one passenger had received a notification email that the flight was delayed (the first time) way earlier. 6:30 AM Europe time zone. No one else received this notification. Of course, Air France knew and left us all waiting like animals for the many delays at the gate throughout the entire day for a fight that was supposed to depart by 1:30PM I inquired what the issue was, the desk said “weather in JFK” so I called JFK hoping to find that my connecting flight would too be delayed. Not the case. The true reason was a mechanical issue with a plane they had en entire morning and afternoon to fix or change aircraft, but didn’t. We left at 6PM and 400 people found themselves waiting anther bout post landing sitting in the plane seat, not at a gate because we were royally late and there was no gate for us. I then find out from a family member calling Air France on my behalf that if t is a mechanical issue, the company would I cut expenses of inconvenience. For us, missing our fight home and having to pay to stay the night in New York plus the change fee for airline tickets home the next day was not at all ideal. Moreover, no one at Air France wanted to take responsibility they than telling me to send an email to customer service. I did so and followed up with a very unhelpful call to Air France where I was told they can’t help me. Way to go Air France. So long as I can help it, I will not fly with this airline.
  Detroit to Bangalore via Paris. The worst ever plane travel I experienced. My baggage was lost and no still proper communication regarding my missed items. I was asked to wait for 21 days to track my baggage. I had email communication until 21 days and after it seems to be have lost, I am not getting replies to email. Didn’t provide genuine phone no to contact when my baggage was lost. I have tried more than 100 times to Customer care phone number I was not able to speak to representative! I don’t know could they be so irresponsible when someone’s else properties have been lost! And coming to the flight, ridiculous service inside the plane! Uncomfortable seating, LCD display didn’t work at all. Paid 1050$ for a single way and not worth even a penny. I have to spend extra money for my lost items on top of it. Too much of money and energy wasted because of this journey!
  San Francisco to Paris. Very pleasant flight, the food was great, restrooms clean, very comfortable. The crew was polite and they wanted to serve us any time we asked. Flight was on time
  . The story is quite complicated and it involves Air France and Lufthansa. On route FCO-EWR via MUC, Lufthansa cancelled flight to EWR, so rebooked me to JFK via CDG. At CDG I boarded an AF flight. My baggage was lost and did not arrive in JFK with me. AF baggage service told me to call on the phone if with no informations within 24 hours. So I did. A man answered he could not help and asked to call back in 10 minutes. After that moment no one ever answered me from AF baggage service for two days. When finally I could speak to someone, again I was told to call later. I shouted that I could not call again to get no answer; the lady in the phone offered to help but with no results. Again she asked me to call again; I said that I could not spend all my time in waiting on the phone for nobody. She promised me to call me back, but nobody called. Finally my baggage arrived at the sixth day, being informed of the delivery only two hours before. I contacted AF via twitter on 14th August and via Facebook on the same day. They answered me only on 24th August. The worst customer care ever!
  Washington to Bamako via Paris CDG. Our flight from Paris to Bamako was delayed for at least 2 hours but the worst thing was Air France listed that the flight would leave at 1300 but by 1300 they hadn't started boarding. By the time we boarded, our plane was in the cargo strip and that's where we boarded. The plane did not leave until around 1430. No explanation, no updates of departure time. A similar thing happened on my way back, flight from Paris to DC was delayed for about 2 hours, we were notified early that new departure was 1500. But boarding started around 1500, we did not depart until 1600, again no updates. The delays are too frequent with Air France and the lack of accurate updates does not help. I will think twice next time I am flying to West Africa which is unfortunate because Air France has the more direct routes to this region.
  Air France has a very bad baggage service. I traveled San Diego to Tunis via Paris. I landed on August 16th in Tunis and it took them three days to deliver my two bags. During the three days I had to call the Baggage service four times and had them send three urgent messages. Also, I got some help from someone in Tunis airport who sent a telex to France. All they can do is read you back what you can see on the internet and the only value they can provide is send an urgent message. You cannot escalate the issue with them, you cannot talk to a supervisor, they claim they cannot call anyone either. They strictly work with email and you have to be patient and wait for your bags to show-up. There are at least three daily Air France flights from Paris to Tunis and it took three days for two 50lbs bags to show-up. Now it is my fourth day and I am still waiting for my last bag. Dealing with Air France is like dealing with a third world country. No concern is given to the customer. They talk about their policy of a 100 euro as if it is a solution for everything, but they neglect the fact that they could be ruining a wedding event and I when I told the customer service this, he said he cared, but was not doing anything for it.
  Rennes to Florence via Paris. Delays are understandable. No support in case of delay is not. Our 45 mn 1st leg flight between Rennes and CDG was 1 hour delayed, because of late arrival. Ground staff refused to make new arrangements for connection in CDG to Florence. No support either upon arrival at Terminal 2G in CDG. Nobody was there to help us. We rushed by ourselves to Terminal 2 F by bus where gate (a different than printed on our boarding pass) was still open. We even heard complains from staff about our "late boarding" as if it were our fault. Of course, no information about luggage; they did not make it. Fortunately local Lost & Found company in FLR gave appropriate support, being much more efficient than AF, which did not feel responsible for his connecting passengers. That is wrong.
  Beirut to Washington via Paris. Last time traveling with this airline. On our way to Beirut in June 26 they messed up our flight and took us forever to get there. And today we had a 7:40 wait at airport they added a delay of 3 hours and now another hour. They lost my daughter’s luggage at their airport (she was traveling on different airlines) but they were lost at Charles De Gaulle because of a strike and they were of no help whatsoever. Never again fly Air France or connect through Paris.
  Washington to Stockholm via Paris CDG. I booked a codeshare flight as I am a Delta Airlines Premium member and initially booked premium economy on Air France as I had seen photos of their seats, etc. When I checked in I was offered an upgrade to business for a very great rate. Of course, I jumped at the chance to fly overnight hours in style. While not as superb as a Delta or American business (reclining beds in your own pod) the seating was excellent. Roomy, nice with ample storage built in so one did not have to get up too often. The service was also lovely and attentive. Food was excellent for airplane facilities. Overall the experience was pleasurable as the aircraft was new. The flight was on-time. The service conscientious. The only minor flaw was the entertainment was not the best, but on an overnight flight it was sufficient and offered ample French film options which is a breath of fresh air from the "Hollywood" fare one usually has to choose from, so I give it a high mark.
  Paris to Berlin. Surprisingly decent for what you pay for. I was pleased with the service onboard and the comfort of the seat. A nice touch to receive complementary tea and coffee after waking up midday.
  Belgrade to Seattle via Paris. When I arrived to Seattle, my luggage was not there. I asked the Air France staff where it was, and the guy looked at the list of all passengers and searched for my name. At the part where are the details about luggage was written only "??". However, they told me that it is in Paris and it will arrive on my address tomorrow morning. They are obligated to give a kit containing toiletries to passengers whose baggage did not arrive on time. But they did not give it to me because they don't have it there. Three days after, the luggage is still not here.
  Los Angeles to Papeete. This was an overnight flight on Air France on July 24, 2018. The people at LAX check-in desk were rude when I couldn't immediately find my return trip ticket (on another airline) to show them - evidently this is required - but I was treated like some kind of criminal when I couldn't immediately produce it, not expecting to need it until the return flight. The flight was over an hour late in leaving, with no explanation. I had allowed over 3 hours for the connecting flight to the Marquesas (there is only one flight a day), but Air Tahiti changed the departure time so that there was now a little over two hours. But now there was less than an hour. The service on the 8-hour flight was terrible - sullen flight attendants, poor food, poor entertainment selection. I made the flight to the Marquesas (only because Air Tahiti is usually a few minutes late), but I never want to have to live through that kind of stress again. 
  Tokyo to Madrid via Paris. Bad experience with Air France, they lost my baggage in the two ways of the travel. Experience in flight was normal like other company, the ground services was an absolute disaster.
 Newcastle to Johannesburg via Paris. Worst airline ever. They changed my seat without even letting me know, until I got on the plane and they scratched my original seat number to the middle seat. Always late as well, definitely not worth the money.
  Bangkok to Paris. I was given overall good service from ground to air staffs. The seat was ok for me and the food was also ok. I loved white wine and cheese served during the meal. I also loved the snack bar during flight in the galley. My reservation had been created accidentally with some incorrect spelling of the name and the ground staff via their hotline promptly corrected it upon my first call. That impressed me a lot.
  Paris to Geneva. We made our flight reservations over 6 months ago and because we did not check in online 36 hours before, 3 or the 4 of us were put on standby! 2 of us were already able to get our tickets and we are still waiting to see if the 4th person in our party will make the flight. We have a 4 hour drive that we will have to wait on him for. What kind of airline gives their paying passengers tickets away just because they don’t check in online?  I also ended up paying $150 to check bags. 
  We flew Air France from Miami to Warsaw connecting in Paris. Air France has only one round trip a day from Miami to Paris. I had been tracking the flights for three weeks before our departure date, on flightradar. Most of the time the incoming flight was late.  On July 11, 2018, I received a text message from Air France at approximately 10:30 AM stating that our fight would be delayed one hour, from 7:40 PM to 8:40 PM. The plane departed at 10 PM, two and twenty minutes late.  We arrived in Paris forty minutes before our connecting fight to Warsaw. The plane sat on the runway for approximately twenty minutes, because our gate was not available. I cannot understand why this flight could not have been assigned another gate. Most of the people around me missed their connecting flights, like me. We ran as fast as we could to the connecting flights gate. We arrived ten minutes before flight departure time, but the gate closes twenty minutes before departure. We went to customer service, with long lines and few people working behind the counter. The first connecting flight to Warsaw was filled. They put us on the second connection, approximately six hours later. Thirty minutes after getting my connecting flight changed, I received a text message that I missed my original connecting flight, brilliant. In my opinion Air France could care less about their Miami/Paris, one round trip a day. Their customer service needs a lot of improvement. This was my first and last time to fly Air France. 
  I booked flights for December 2018 with Joon from from Cape Town to Paris and Air France from Paris to London a few weeks ago in business class. End of last week they cancelled my flight from London to Paris (CDG) which meant we arrived in Paris CDG at 22.05pm at night. Our next flight is not until 9.35am the following and I asked that they should book a hotel on the airport so that we can catch the connection the following. They have now told me that we have to book our own hotel for the overnight.
  Business Class from Bogota to Paris. The plane was great and service on board to but when I got to Paris my 2 bags didn't. Because I had a connection in Bogota I took my time to ask the person in the counter if he could check if my bags where on board, I flew Business from Medellin in Avianca, and the AF person left me a couple of minutes waiting before boarding, I suppose checking if my bags were ok and he told me I was fine. The connection was like 1 hour and if my bags had priority on them I assume there would be no problem. When I got to Paris, as I already told, my bags didn't arrive and I went to the service counter of Air France to ask for help. The first response was go to the carousel again for 30 minutes more, I had waited like 45 minutes, that sometimes bagas appear. I did as I was told and then went back to file my missing baggage. This time they filed my request and told me they will contact me for future delivery because my bags hadn't reached Paris and they didn't know where they were. For the next 4 days I was not reached by Air France by email, phone or anything regarding my bags. I called them several times and the answers were: first we haven't located your bags and then the bags are in process of being delivered to you. Also I tried to check the status of my bags on their site, as I was told I could do, but the system never gave me accurate information. Finally the 12th my bags finally had arrived with no previous contact with me to arrange the delivery or even to let me know finally my bags were on Paris. Just a single paper saying 1 zip open on the small suitcase. When I checked my bags the smaller one had thelock broken. I filled the complain at AF following their procedures and until now more than 20 days later the only contact from AF has been  an automated e-mail. I just expect AF to compensate me for the basic things I had to buy. 
  I landed in Paris nearly 30 hours ago and my checked in luggage still remains in Amsterdam. I have spoken to a number of people over the phone and they can't even give me a date or time when my luggage will arrive and said that my luggage is not a priority as they have other luggage that has been delayed for over 5 days. I leave Paris in 3 days for my next destination and I still may not have my luggage.
  I was flying from Paris to Athens on 20th July at 20:30, in the gate they changed the departure hour at least three times, we finally enter the plane at 21:40 and we were waiting inside the plane at least two hours before the plane Fly. Totally unacceptable and I don’t think I will fly with them again.
 Flew Air France from Shanghai to Paris CDG. The overall experience was quite pleasant, except for the old and outdated entertainment system on board. The movies are very outdated, the screen is very old and worked very slowly. However, we got a very good price for this flight so it's still very worth it.
 This flight was delayed for 4 hours in total. As we arrived at CDG from MAD, I got the mail that the flight AF116 was canceled and the replacement was AF116A. We managed to find food in the very expensive CDG airport. After dinner, we went to the door only to find out they were giving out food vouchers, the found staff insisted they broadcasted it however we really didn't hear anything. Also, we saw many people getting their vouchers at the time, meaning that many people were not aware of the vouchers earlier. What i didn't like was the ground staff's attitude. After 2 hours, they said due to technical issues with the engine, they had to postpone another hour. 30 mins after it, they said again that the flight would be delayed from another hour. I respect the ground staff because I understood it was not their problem, but I believe AF already knew that they would be delaying the flight for anther 2 more hours but they were just reluctant to admit it. We arrived at PVG 4 hours later than scheduled. Not to mentioned the old and slow entertainment system on board and the not tasty at all food offered in the airplane.
  Athens to New York via Paris. Been traveling for 20 plus years and never once a flight have misplaced my luggage, when company try and stuff 3 connecting flights into 1 big Airbus, this is what happens. Crew was great, food was basic, wifi was not working, bathroom smelled, but a client most value their belongings. My luggage was a carry on item, and they insist on checking it for me and even put a priority on it, which is a joke.
 Paris CDG to Seattle. Pre-flight experience was the worst I've ever had in 38 years of flying. I arrived 2.5 hours before departure. Air France employees detained me after I waited 30 minutes in the security clearance line up, and found my carry-ons to be 16kg instead of the max 12kg. The agents who nabbed me from the security line gruffly told me to go to "#2" in French. After some futile discussions, I realized they wanted me to go back to another terminal and line up with the folks checking in. I was aghast, as this line was extremely long (which is why I always check in ahead of time) and a bit of a walk. So I go back to this other monster line that a nearby agent informed me was the correct one. After waiting 45 min in this line, I was told I was in the wrong line, that I need to be in an adjacent line. So I line up for another 30 min, and when I get to the front the attendant wants 50 euro to check one bag. Which is fine, but her card reader was broken. So she tells me I need to go to another line to pay the bill, and takes my bag. I protest, saying I will miss the flight if I line up again. She eventually takes me by hand to cut in front of this other payment line in another terminal, then to the front of customs. I felt like a criminal because of their cheapo weight policies that even the worst American airlines haven't instated. Can't you just do this at the gate? So silly and ruined my flying experience with much unneeded stress.
  Los Angeles to Dusseldorf via Paris was one of the worst flights I have taken with a premium airline.  On the plane, before the takeoff or taxing I was sitting and listening to music. The steward came up to me and asked showing him my phone to see if I had a plane mode on (which it was). When I refused showing him the phone , he grabbed the phone and checked the airplane mode. Both flights of mine (LAX to CDG and CDG to DUS) were delayed for over 1h. The seats were extremely uncomfortable. If the person in front wanted to extend the seat, you would have it on your lap (and I'm only 5'4) what makes working completely impossible. The entertainment was 3/4 in French. I understand it's a french airline but  not everybody speaks french or wants to have the subtitles taking half of the little screen.
  Air France had two departures for gate F51, a flight for Venice set for 1805 departure and a flight to Nice, France set for 1815 departure. Boarding procedures began with limited hearing ability over the PA system confusing majority of passengers between Venice and Nice due to similar pronunciation. It is currently 1855 with no communication of flight departure time. Air France website shows last update for delayed flight to 1835 (flight arrived to Venice 48 minutes in the end). Flight attendants were polite and understand there are air traffic regulations and restrictions, however, poor planning on staging two flights departing 10 minutes from each other at the same gate.
  Flew Toronto to Paris on AF and it was degraded service. Dinner was lousy. Main meal was there but desert was a piece of cake instead of what used to be a well prepared pudding. Butter and cheese provided but no buns. Breakfast - no fresh fruit salad and only 3 items. No kit provided for morning and No hot towels after sleep. Remarkable difference from the past 15 years travelling this airline. Where did things get lost in providing customer experience ?
  Paris to Tel Aviv, during the flight my husband had a strong headache and feeling collapsing. The cabin crew was especially efficient and friendly, helping us as best as we can imagine supporting my husband to the back of the plane, giving him food, refreshment and comfort. In fact his feelings were not as bad as we were afraid of but the Air France cabin crew experience comforted us that this company was very secure and well trained.
  We were 2 passenger travelling from Dubai to Prague Via Paris with Air France. AF0655 to Paris which got delayed due to some emergency landing in Istanbul and hence I missed my connecting flight. AF1382 to Prague departing 7:20am the same day from Paris. And upon reaching the counter in Paris they gave me the next flight straight away @ 13:00 hrs which is AF1082 thus keeping me stranded in the airport for almost 6 hrs approx and they denied giving me a lounge access to freshen up or rest. It was a not a good or memorable experience.
  Nice to Seattle via Paris-CDG. Husband and I flew Air France for extended summer holiday in June 2018. New service from Seattle to Paris for Air France so we opted to try them vs other carriers we've used.  Check-in staff ranged from clueless to insolent. Onboard, the cabin crew could have cared less if passengers were seen to properly, and this was in Business Clas. Food served was barely edible for us. Seats were totally lie flat and somewhat comfortable, but there are airlines with lie flats in Business that are much better. The business class suites are also very narrow. Air France lost one of our pieces of luggage and currently has no idea where it is, despite us having checked in 2 hours before flight departure in Nice and jumping through the myriad of requirements around timing that Air France requires for passengers to queue. We both agreed that this was our first and hopefully last time flying this airline.
  Singapore to Paris CDG. Another excellent trip in La Première leaving Changi on the 30th of June 2018, arriving in CDG on the 1st of July. Right from my arrival in the Jet Quay Terminal in Changi to the La Première lounge in CDG service was impeccable. A special mention for the steward who looked after the first class cabin. He was always there to help and managed the full first class cabin professionally. My only issue was that their system did not register my request for an Indian meal. Nevertheless when you have such an exquisite menu for à la carte dining I really have no reason to complain. Air France set  standards for how a first class service should be delivered. Thank you and look forward to flying with them again soon!
  Shanghai to Paris. Business class is very disappointing:. Very poor food, bad quality overall, and uncomfortable seat without 180 degrees recline. Very noisy in the cabin.
 Paris to Rome. The staff on board were nice but that’s the only good thing. They lost my baggage, then continued to provide us with a lot of false information about when it would arrive. Finally got it back but I am never flying with Air France again.
  San Francisco to Cape Town via Paris. We planned our yearly family trip as usual using Air France as the airline of choice. Never again!! Air France has gone down hill and we will probably never use them again. Four of us flew business class. The 1st bag Air France left behind was in San Francisco. Not lost, left behind. All bags checked in at once and somehow one bag, for a sky priority business class customer, didnt make it on the plane. Now, I can overlook the horrible food they served on our business class flight. I can even overlook the semi attentive flight crew. I can’t overlook paying big dollars for priority service and instead being given the run around and lied to about our one bag! Four days later it arrived in cape town. Four days! The second leg of our trip was from Cape Town to Zurich again via Charles De Gaulle. And one bag didn’t make it to Zurich. All bags checked in at the same time. In fact it appears Air France has self bag checkin now and what a mess! It’s a totally backwards system. Cost savings by cutting employees is going to kill this airline alone. Anyhow, like I said, one bag, not lost. We know where it is. It’s at the Charles de Gaulle airport. Four flights left Charles de Gaulle to Zurich after our flight. Still they failed to pick the bag up and place it on a new flight to Zurich. Seems simple enough. But no, in fact so difficult when you Call to follow up on the bag you literally get the most useless people on the phone who have no clue how to get the bag from point A to point B. They may as well not have a person there are al - like the baggage drop off. Four of us take two international vacations a year. Usually business class to several destinations. Never again in Air France. No way we will give our money to Air France again. We used to love this airline. Very sad and pathetic what’s going on with it.
  Just boarded Air France from Tel Aviv to Paris. Paid a lot of money to fly business class-only to get on plane to sit in economy seats with no leg room - only difference is 2 people to a 3 row seating arrangement- totally unacceptable to charge more money for essentially economy seating. Very deceiving business practice. A total scam! Use any other airline but Air France if you want business class.
  Mauritius to Vienna via Paris. Paris airport is a total disaster. Nobody knows anything, everyone's highly inefficient and incompetent. Nobody cares. We missed our connection flight 2 out of 2 times. The B&B they made available to us was a shack. They also lost our checked in baggage. Worst airport I've ever been to. By far! Also wifi does not work, even though it's advertised everywhere.
 Paris to Bangkok. The airline definitely improved its act on this route. A smiling staff, menus were also handed over before meal service. Aperitif with champagne. Food was decent. The IFE worked fine with a reasonable choice of movies. Hot breakfast was served before landing. Comfortable seating and a not overheated cabin (which used to be the Air France trademark). All and all, the airline has improved on its route vs. last year.
 Flew from Miami to Beijing via Paris. My original connection time in Paris was 3hr 15mins, so it was a shocker to me when I, through my own research, found that my flight from Miami to Paris had been delayed for 4 hours and that I would miss my connection. While I understand not all delays are the fault of the airline, it was disappointing that Air France did not contact me-a Sky Priority Customer-informing me of this, and that I had to call the SkyTeam hotline and wait for an hour to get my reroute (through Atlanta). Having said that, the inflight product was above average, and my only complaint would be the price of the Wifi. Overall a solid airline, definitely explore other options first but AF works and provides a solid flight experience.
  I would advise against taking Air France travelling from India to US. My booked Itinerary was from Mumbai - Paris - Cincinnati. I kept Cincinnati as my port of entry because I didn’t want to be in a hurry to do my immigration and then catch a domestic flight. But when I went to Mumbai airport, they changed my itinerary at the last minute from Mumbai - Paris - Atlanta - Cincinnati and leaving only 2 hrs between getting down at Atlanta and boarding flight to Cincinnati. The flight from Mumbai to Paris was 3 hours late. The flight from Paris to Atlanta was 2 hours late. When I reached Atlanta and went to Delta Airlines counter, I was told that I don’t have any ticket from Atlanta to Cincinnati for that day. I had to run back to another terminal where Air France was to get my ticket confirmed and again come back to domestic terminal to board the Delta airlines flight. I boarded the flight just 10 mins before take off. My arrival time was 1:38 PM EST as per my original itinerary and I reached at 10:30 PM EST to Cincinnati which is 9 hours late. I think it is highly unprofessional of Air France to not have a confirmed ticket for me from Atlanta to Cincinnati after they changed my itinerary at the last minute.
  Singapore to Paris leg. Overall the Air France premium economy is worse than some Economy class on some carriers. The better part of the experience stops after priority check-in, increased luggage allowance and priority boarding. Surly flight attendants working on PE (which also handle economy) class. No welcome on board drinks and peanuts offered for PE class on that flight. Food was below average, portion was above average. Drink rounds are few and far between. Even asking for another glass of OJ on the second drink round during meal service is refused (water, tea and coffee offered). FA was very lazy when I ask for more water when I came to the galley in between meal services, simply pointing at bottles of water set up on the tray and expect us to serve ourself, while she was sitting (yes, sitting) on a stool and reading a magazine. The seat looked nice and with more spacious leg room, the seat does not recline, it just slides forward, making a very uncomfortable sleeping position and causing back pain for my elderly travel companions. The pillow is not enough to overcome the weird (lack of) padding on the normal human's back part of the seat. Request to have more pillows or blankets could not be accommodated, as the flight was nearly full, most empty seats already have their pillows taken. THey switched my short-haul intra-continental return flight from AF to Joon, and the departure time from 06:15 to 04:15 without giving us options to change (they do have codeshare flight at 10:40). I am so dreaded for the return flight, for having to seat in those uncomfortable seat for 13+ hours for the return leg to Singapore. AF economy seats are better if you concern more on the seat recline instead on the leg room. Paying more than 2x of the cheapest economy fares and having tried competitors' PE class, I reckon Star Alliance and Oneworld airlines offer a much better values for PE flights out of Singapore to Europe (cheaper fares, hot towels, welcome drinks and snacks, better seat padding).
  Paris to Johannesburg. A brilliant flight, super attentive and friendly crew, excellent food, but one would expect this travelling from France. I do like the A380, very quiet, however the Business Class seats are far better on their 777s.
  Paris to Singapore. A very good experience from the lounge to the landing. Easy access to the lounge and it’s spacious and clean shower. The boarding was great. The seat is very comfortable with lots of privacy. The selection of food just magnificent The wine and cognac excellent. Great inflight service. The staff was extremely nice and helpful.
  Paris to Berlin. Worst experience ever. Had to pay 40EUR for overweight cabin luggage. The whole procedure of Air France was horrible and you would not expect that from an airline like Air France. I travel a lot and never experienced something like that.
  Los Angeles to Paris. The staff is great, but the food was terrible. I've never had worse on a business class flight. Most of it was terrible tasting to the point of being inedible. And you couldn't resort to the snack bar, because the paltry offering there was uninviting. This would be bad enough on a 2-hour flight, but on an overseas flight at a business-class fare it's intolerable. My wife and I will try to avoid Air France in the future.
  Paris CDG to Manchester. I’ve just had the worst experience thanks to Air France. I was denied boarding whilst attempting to come home. I had lost my Biometric Residency Permit, BRP, but had all the supporting documentation to prove that I was a legal UK resident. I had my passport and a valid Schengen visa. The boarding agent denied me access to the Immigration Liason Officer who would have been able to review my documentation and let me board. I am not an illegal immigrant. “No! You can’t speak to the ILO, this France!”, she yelled. During this process my daughters aged 5 and 7 became distressed and started crying as the Air France boarding agent shouted at me; I asked if I could get my children some water. “No, no! Don’t move!” She shouted. Finally the agent said “Go back where you came from” before frogmarching me and my children out of the airport. At no point was any concern showed for me or my children, both UK citizens. No advice was given, no help or advice offered. The problem was all created by Air France’s over officious interpretation of documentation, UK Border Force had no problems with my entry to the UK. 
 Paris CDG to Toronto. Business class buyer beware. Air France has downgraded its YUL and YYZ to CDG aircraft. Gone are the modern “new configuration” lay-flat seats, replaced by old seats from the 90’s. These old seats don’t lie flat and offer no privacy at all. There are much better ways to cross the Atlantic, find another airline - especially if you are paying out of pocket for a business class seat. Otherwise the food and service are decent.
  New York to Kiev via Paris. On the flight from JFK the flight attendant rips my IPhone charger out of the console. Said it was very security concerns before take off.  I was at JFK at 10:30 am but Air France ticket counter was not open until 1 PM. Could not go through security. The kiosks could not print out a boarding pass nor could Delta in Minneapolis. It is amazing at JFK no one can help before 1PM. I landed in Paris before 6 am. They did not have enough time to put two pieces of my luggage on the plane before it took off at 10:30 AM. Boarding time was supposed to be 9:15 am.  They started to board at 9:40 am for a 9:50 departure. No reason for the delay other than no speed. They missed their window for departure so the airport delayed the flight another 30 minutes. When I got to Kiev only one box arrived. No second box or my suitcase. I have a meeting at 4 PM today and a video shoot this morning. I have only jeans and a warm shirt. I guess I have to take an extra carry on with me with a suit, underwear, shoes, shirt, tie, pills etc. They did not put it on a later flight.  Air France has no grasp of speed or customer service. The focus is on nice seats. Fly them if there is no other choice.
  Geneva to Copenhagen via Paris. Air France has been failing in many ways. All my flights have had delay in the past year. As I work in Bremen but live in Zurich I had to take Air France / KLM flights 4 times a week. I am very disappointed by their services. Especially, I gave them my hand luggage twice as they asked me and they lost the luggage without reimbursing the value of the clothes I had inside. This is not correct. 
  Madrid to Oslo via Paris. Flight: AF1801, 26 May 2018 A320, It was an old but well-maintained plane. Very clean, new seats with power sockets. Crew very friendly, polite and groomed, working so hard from boarding to arrival. Complimentary snacks and beverages to all passengers. Great crew and great Airline
  Dusseldorf to NDjamena via Paris. The plane was rather dated - on old A340-300 that is about to be retired by Air France, but the seats were nevertheless surprisingly comfortable. As Air France never renovated the cabin interior, they still have decent padding and generous legroom. The food was tasty - as usual on AF - and the service was friendly. Overall, I would fly with them again.
  This was my first time flying Air France and I was travelling from Singapore to London via Paris. Leg room was adequate, plane was clean and comfy. Nothing much to complain about apart from the 1-2 stewardesses who were slightly snobbish. Food was surprisingly good. And please request for the hot chocolate, from the outside it looks kinda diluted but it was one of the best hot chocolates I've ever had! Pretty good overall. I don't mind flying Air France again.
 This was awful, a rip-off €1600 of awfulness for a business class return ticket CDG-TLV-CDG. A rip-off because business class from CDG to Tel Aviv is an economy seat with an empty seat next to you. You might get away with that on a short hop within the EU, but on a 4+ hr trip, at this price, it's just not acceptable. It was an overnight flight, and I just assumed, as with the BA flight to TLV, there would be a flat bed. So, it was my fault for not checking. I got an economy seat that barely reclines, perhaps 4-5cm. Needless to say I didn't sleep much. And, in search of another way to get more enraged I checked the price of a flexible economy ticket for the same trip the next day. It was €700 for a flexible ticket. So I've paid not far short of €1000 extra to sit in the same seat as everyone else but closer to the toilets. Great. Merci beaucoup.
  Paris to Zurich. It was an incredibly awful experience to fly with Air France. I brought a carry on size baggage for economics class. When I went through security check, I wanted to take the liquid out. Then the guy who was there stopped me and weighed my baggage. It was 13 kg( the economics class regulation for carry on is 12 kg). So he forced me to check in this one and buy extra baggage for 40 Euros. I was disappointed for the slightly difference which i didn't plan but I chose to respect the rules of Air France. However, what did I get back? I paid money for checkin baggage but didn't get the same respect! When I got the baggage, I notice, it was damaged.  Air France took the money but didn't responsible and respect the customer who obtained the rules. It is sad. I asked for refund 120 Euros. They haven't get back to me yet.
 Paris CDG to New York JFK. Never ever I will choose Air France's A380 unless they change their business class seats. The seats on A380 can not change to a 180 degree flat bed. It has a very weird angle. I don't know how to describe it, but it is very hard to sleep. You will feel yourself slowly sliding down. Did not like it at all. Next time I will choose their B777-300 for the trip. They updated business class seats on that plane. Service are fine, but I didn't feel like sitting in business class. Maybe too many people on A380, the service quality is lower than other plane. I flew B777-300 to Paris, I felt good about the service and plane, but not with the A380. Food for Air France is very good. That's the some good credit for them.
 London to Male via Paris CDG. Arrived in the Maldives for a trip to paradise. Air France have managed to lose both suitcases. We are left to holiday with the clothes on our back. No representatives at the airport to meet us, offer compensation and discuss strategy for returning the baggage. I don't expect a reply from Air France, I have sent 2 messages directly to them already and no one has had the decency to reply. My advise never use Air France. We were one couple who suffered this fate. The flight from CDG managed to lose the baggage of at least 10 others. After 12 messages via social media we finally had a reply - we were even promised an upgrade for our return journey home - the bags finally arrived at our resorts 4 days after us. Checked-in for the flight home and at 1am received a text message informing me the CDG to LHR flight was cancelled and we "invite you to modify your trip online". This was impossible. At Male no upgrade given, the rudest individual I have ever met who is working in 'hospitality' and simply sent to Paris CDG with no onward travel plans. On landing at CDG 3 hours of queuing before seen by a member of staff and rerouted home the next morning (many others having to wait 2 days or travel or travel via Edinburgh for LHR). Since then have started claim against them for expenses - no one answers phone and simply hangs up - no one answers via social media - no one answers via message board - this week I have called 5 times and sent another 6 messages and still nothing. Simple advice - choose a different airline
  Never flown with Air France before, probably won’t ever again. I gave them my bag, they returned it damaged beyond repair, but they won’t compensate me. I really am a bit grumpy. The amazing thing here is that AF are telling me that I should have submitted a damage report when I collected the bag at Vienna Airport. Well guess what? The bag wasn’t delivered to Vienna because they lost it as well! When AF found the lost bag and delivered it to me a day or two later, damaged (beyond repair), I was three hour’s drive from the airport, up in the Austrian Alps, nowhere near a luggage damage report counter. So I could not provide the report they have requested. I did provide AF with a photo of the damaged bag, an email from a repairer stating that the bag is damaged beyond repair, and details of a very modestly priced, suitable replacement bag. AF’s email to me states: “Having reinvestigated your claim, I am afraid we cannot constructively add to our previous correspondence.” “Please be assured that we will never deny compensation to a passenger in situations where it's awarding is applicable.” Rubbish. It appears to me that the standard AF response to luggage damage claims is to deny them without even looking at the facts.
  Milan to Paris. Ground staff incompetent, rigid and impolite. Bureaucracy over flexibility and kindness when dealing with clients. National airline with on point to point flights offer a worse service than low-cost carriers.
  Paris to Washington DC in November 2017. This was the worst trip of my life and I fly about 5 times a year. After checking and going thru customs, the gate agent told me that “I was told dark in my passport picture” then later was telling his colleague in front of me that he thinks that I tampered with my Passport picture. I was so embarrassed as I was held at the gate for 30 minutes while all the passengers were looking at me like I had a fake Passport. 
 Flew Air France from Freetown to Tokyo via Paris. My outbound trip was in economy class, and the return was in Premium Economy, this upgrade cost just $300, but I don't think I would pay much more for Premium Economy on Air France as the difference between the two classes was negligible. All flights departed on time, and the service was generally fine - polite, friendly, but perfunctory. Once the meals have been served, the crew disappear and you seldom see them. At least snacks and drinks are left out in the galley for self-service. IFE was good - an interesting selection of movies, including some new releases. I found the Premium Economy seats uncomfortable - in fact, I think I prefer Economy seats because you could actually recline them; the Premium seats only slid forward, and I found them very uncomfortable for sleeping, however the legroom was better than Economy. I really dislike the wastage of Air France - with exception of the meal tray, nothing is reused - all dishes, containers and utensils are disposable, and so the staff come around at the end of the meal and chuck everything in the bin. This does not seem to be a very 'chic' end to a meal!
  Paris to Budapest. I’ve been traveling a lot, but never met a nice, friendly and smiley staff like I met today! Although it was early morning they did their job perfectly. They made my day. I would like to say a big thank you ! I wish the Air France had more cabin crew like they are. 
 Very short but pleasant flight from Zurich to Paris CDG, luckily not affected by the current industrial dispute. Very pleasant staff, no hassles, good hand luggage allowance, flight on time! Aircraft clean, it was nice to get a glass of wine too, will fly Air France/KLM again!
  Paris Orly to New York JFK. I was lucky to travel between two strikes. Beside that, check in was very smooth, security fast. Orly west Air France lounge is ok, not a great selection of food, but alcohol as much as you want. No shower. Easy boarding, sky priority respected. Configuration is 1-2-1. The seat is very comfortable. As soon as you board, we were welcomed by the senior stewardess, with a choice of champagne, orange juice or water. The plane left on time. Food was quite good even if the chicken was over cooked and dry. One thing which is weird, they serve the cheese at the same time the appetizer. Very good entertainment system. Good choice of movies. The thing which is to consider, they serve the pre-arrival snack only if you request it, so if you don't read properly the menu you don't get it. Arrived in JFK ahead of schedule. Overhaul a very good experience.
  Madrid to Paris. The experience was terrible. Everything from extremely slow boarding, to rude interaction by staff and poor communication about potential flight delays occurred (22 mins late departure). I would recommend not flying with Air France particularly if you’re not a French national as they clearly prioritize service and professionalism based on nationality.
  Budapest to Rabat via Paris. In Budapest I was requested to leave my hand luggage to be checked through to Rabat. I've tried to obtain some explanation from the ground staff, they didn't offered me any sort of logic explanation, they just said that they need to checked in. The service from Budapest to Paris was really disappointing. In Paris there were 40 min delay, no explanation. Seats in the flight to Rabat were dirty, food average. One positive thing about the flight was the cabin crew, very friendly. If I would have recommended or flying again with Air France, only if there is no other option, otherwise I will avoid in the future.
 Although Air France flight from Paris to San Francisco was delayed due to a technical issue needing to be resolved, the time was mostly made up in flight. Pre-boarding was a pain due to extremely long "sky priority" waiting line, which was extended due to the delay. Service from the predominantly French-speaking crew was excellent: friendly and efficient. Quiet, with few announcements, a great contrast to many US carriers with their incessant chatter. Seating in business (I was in second business cabin) is I believe called herringbone pattern - I had selected the single row along the right side of the plane, 19L. Roomy, nice niche for headphones, ipad, etc. as well as room for a personal item on the footrest. Electric outlet at seat, personal lighting handy and next to niche. Lie-flat seat. Soft quilt and pillow. I had a little trouble getting the seat back up to full upright but minor. Amenities kit a two-parter: shoe bag, slippers, and socks on arrival, cosmetics bag with toothbrush, paste, eyeshades, earplugs, headphones cover, comb, creams after seating. Plenty of warm washcloths to clean up. Champagne or OJ to start, meal service with appetizer, main course, cheese course, sweets from the cart. All excellent, though they had run out of the spring veg risotto and could use more veg options. Snacks and other meals well spaced. Overall a very pleasant flight! I used miles and booked about 10 months ahead.
  Paris to Montréal. The Cabin crew was very friendly. The seat was very uncomfortable and the premium economy food and drinks the same as economy class. It is definitely not worth spending so much money for this low quality.  Aircraft was old and dirty.
  Paris to Dublin. The flight left a few minutes late but still arrived on time in Dublin. Service on board was good as is always the case so far with Air France. Very attentive and efficient. Lovely salmon dish served with a nice roll and delicious desert. Lounge in Paris CDG ( terminal 2E) was busy but still had a good ambiance. However the baggage did not come out among the first on arrival in Dublin despite supposedly having priority.
  Bangalore to Amsterdam via Paris. It was a pleasant journey with KLM-AF flight. Flight was neat and clean, the cabin staff hostess were happy to greet us. I was little upset as I did online check-in but later it was assigned to someone else and I got a sit near to the exit - seats were comfortable. Loaded with lots of movies with different languages. But overall the journey was wonderful. Flight attendants were helpful and food also was good. Arrived Paris on time and also my connecting flight was also the same AF and from Paris to Amsterdam also indeed a nice 1 hr journey.
  Dublin to Paris CDG. Service onboard was impeccable. Served a lovely salmon dish with a nice roll, ratatouille, cheese and a nice chocolate cake for desert. Everything was well presented and the stewardess very professional and friendly. Priority boarding was efficient but I wonder why boarding announcement was made way before boarding could start. Overall service from check in and lounge experience were good but for some reason my baggage despite flying business class and supposedly "priority " came out quite late with no priority sticker on it.
  Brussels to Miami via Paris. This trip was the worst airplane travel experience I have experienced with an airline. Departure more than hour late from Brussels.  Delay that ended at the stopover at Charles de Gaulle which left only 40 minutes for changing terminal, saving my golf bag that Air France did not want to take from Brussels because luggage out of dimension. At Charles de Gaulle, the operator, following a telephone call that she gave in our presense, was assured that the golf bag would be on our plane (AF90) despite our late arrival at our stop over joining the M50 boarding gate with shuttle to Terminal M and run to the end of the 300 m long hall where M50 gate is located without any help with electric car. After landing in Miami, waiting 45 minutes in the plane before a door could receive the passengers. After the customs formalities, waiting for the arrival of my golf bag. After +/- 45 minutes we were told that my golf bag was not on the plane (like 65 other luggages). Air France Miami assured me that my luggage would arrive the next day (Friday March 2). From there, it was only disappointment on disappointment because the luggage was not there the next day nor the day after. After multiple complaints, phone calls from us, it became apparent that the situation on the Air France’side was no longer under control since a mundial  research had been launched. As a result, I bought what I needed to be able to practice the sport for which we are in Miami. Air France had assured me, in a mail, that the Company would refund me on the basis of the supporting documents. I sent the vouchers. After 6 days, the luggage was found and now, the Company tells me that they will refund only 20,7% of my expenses. The position of Air France which is intended to be a major airline is at least astonishing or intolerable. So I expect the full refund of my expenses.
 Flew Rio de Janeiro to Paris. Boarding was quick and flight left on time. Pre-dinner drinks and dinner was served shortly after takeoff. Good food and wine. After this the flight attendants were conspicuous by their absence. I had to find them several times to get water. On one occasion they filled my bottle which I had been drinking out of from a larger one - not very hygienic if this is standard practice. Seat not as comfortable on this aircraft as on the Caribbean version of the 777-300.
 Flew London Heathrow to Lima via Paris CDG with Air France. Check in for the priority queue was slower than I'm used to but that could be passengers being clueless and arguing about the size of their hand baggage etc. Can't really blame the airline for dumb passengers. The short flight was good and attendants friendly. A light cold breakfast with warm croissants and bread rolls was sufficient. The CDG-LIM leg was in a B777-300 3 class Caribbean configuration with 14 business class seats in two rows 2-3-2 layout. Good attentive service and excellent food and drink as you would expect from Frances' national carrier.
  Casablanca to New York JFK via Paris. My bag was supposed to be on board AF Flight 0006 which arrived March 3 at JFK. That was 8 days ago. I have been tracking it from Casablanca to JFK all week. It has been in the Delta baggage claim, Terminal 2, for over two days now and nobody seems able to collect it to the Air France terminal and transport it to my home. They say they have "escalated" the process but the bag still languishes at Terminal 2. I have not had my bag for 9 days. How is this company so inefficient that they can't accomplish this task? I have been calling everyday, sometimes twice, and they say they have it but it doesn't get to me. In Casablanca, Air France staff were unhelpful if not rude. At JFK they said it had come in but it hadn't. They are impossible to deal with. I will never fly Air France again. March 11th and I still don't have my bag.
  Traveled on Air France many times, but this time was the worst experience.  We took AF from Zurich via Paris to Sint Maarten. Delay started in Zurich instead of a departure at 06:45am flight left 1 hour later. Already advised of an aircraft change from CDG to SXM the day before - instead of the A340 operated by Air France they used an ancient B747 operated by WAMOS Air. Arrived in Paris, rushed to the gate for the SXM flight and departure was again delayed by almost 3 hours. Aircraft was old and dirty beyond belief. 2 out 4 toilets out of order, drinks and food horrible. After the first 10 rows in Economy they ran out of basically all drinks, beer, wine etc. Crew was unfriendly and spoke Spanish, there was one Flight attendant in an Air France uniform, she went around and talked to passengers, many of them furious. Being a frequent flyer I know aircraft change can happen for several reasons but for a large carrier such as Air France this option is not acceptable.
  London to Rabat via Paris. This was my second time. First time I travelled last year and flight was one hour delayed.  This time the flight was 3 hours delayed and then the connecting flight left us and they put us in terrible hotel and next day the flight got two hours delayed because technical issues and returning flight was 2 hours delayed. I will never recommend Air France. 
  Nice to Paris CDG. This short flight was to Paris CDG. I was concerned as according to schedule I only had one hour and five minutes to catch my connecting flight to Dublin. However the flight actually arrived 20 minutes ahead of schedule and I even had time to visit the Air France lounge in CDG. It was a pleasant surprise that the chief steward addressed me by name! The service was impeccable and a small collation offered. The cabin crew handled the situation extremely well when people were getting on board with more hand luggage and stuff than they should. Surely management could address this? The crew already have a difficult job without having to deal with passengers who whinge when there is no place in the cabin for their stuff!
 This short flight was the first shuttle of the day between Geneva and Paris, no need to say that it was full. However, the staff well managed everyone to enter the plane on time. The only thing is that everyone kept their luggage to save time and, since there was no room anymore in the plane for additional luggage, many had to put their luggage back into the trunk. I guess Air France should advise passengers that, when the plane is full, it is better to register your bag. With so many passengers willing to save time and limited space, we ended up leaving the airport 20mn late because of those passengers. For the rest, it was very early and I felt asleep for the first 30mn. It was a really nice surprise to find a pain au chocolat waiting for me on my tablet. Usually, flight attendants do not serve you while you are asleep, especially in Economy class. I was very thankful the AF FA did it for me. Upon arrival, our luggage were delivered super fast and I was able to go to work in Paris as a usual commuter. Thank you Air France.
  Malé to Paris CDG. Air France has overbooked our flight of 18 passengers. I was trying to understand what I had to do to fly and they all refused to talk to me at first. We were a lot of people waiting to be checked in. In the end, when I started complaining, they all answered “I don’t care I don’t work for Air France” indeed they were representative hired by Air France but none of their staff were actually present. In the end, after 2 hours of battle, they changed my flight for the next, 9 hours later, refusing all assistance such as hotel assistance, meal etc. The problem, if there is an issue with your flight (even if they are the cause of the issue) you are on your own, they won’t provide any assistance. If you fly towards the Maldives, better fly with Qatar Airways or Emirates. Air France is a joke.
  Paris to Santiago de Chile. Great flight. The aircraft was looking new and clean, economy seats are quite comfortable and the inflight entertainment screen is larger than others airlines full of music albums and movies. Flight attendants were friendly and professional, the food was not bad. Definitely flying with Air France again.
  Chicago to Paris. Flight got delayed by 5 hours due to technical problem in aircraft as per announcement made. All the passengers were in the aircraft waiting for it's aircraft. Due to delay in flight in Chicago my connecting flight in Paris to BOM. Air france arranged us in other flight from Paris to Hong Kong and then to BOM. I had to wait for 12 hours in Paris airport as the airline did not give any accommodation and gave 11 Euros voucher that can be used only 1 time. That voucher only got us coffee and sandwich and we were at airport for 12 hours. Due to this delay I reached 24 hours later than the original time at the destination. My Baggage got lost and I received it only after 2 days. When I called Air France for compensation for the seat I reserved they said the flight was delayed due to bad weather and there is nothing they can do about it, they just gave me a $50 gift voucher, my seat purchase was itself of around $75. However the weather was perfectly fine and no announcement was made about the weather being bad.
 Really enjoyed flying with Air France from London to Paris. Boarding was very smooth and fast. The aircraft was very clean. Cabin crews very friendly and attentive, beverages and chocolate cookies were offered during this 40 minute flight from London to Paris. Even pillows were offered to passengers. Definitely flying with Air France again!
  Cape Town to Toronto via Paris. Had the pleasure of experiencing Air France's Business Class on both the 777 and 789 on 10 February 2018. Both were good. The crew on both flights were attentive, caring and thorough, without being intrusive. Quality of meals were fine. I really felt comfortable in the herring-bone style lie-flat beds. I had plenty of space, room to pack items and sufficient privacy. The in-flight entertainment was not great - movies were old and the selection poor. Regardless, overall a very good experience.
 Dubai to Southampton via Paris CDG with Air France and FlyBe (codeshare). Efficient check in at DXB and lounge in Dubai is the Skyteam lounge. The lounge seemed fine, efficient staff, modern look and clean. Snacks looked fine (though I did not try them) and reasonable drinks selection. Boarding on time, clean aircraft and good business seats. I chose Air France over BA on this route to try out an alternative. I have now flown a few times with Air France and rate them highly. However, on this middle east red eye flight, I feel that BA sleeper seats are better than those of AF. The service from the Air France staff was excellent though. Snack served after take off which was fine, breakfast was OK, BA serves better juices and coffee in my view, but the food component was good. Landed on time in CDG (layover of 11 hours). The FlyBe flight to Southampton was fine, friendly staff. All in all a good flight. What is not clear though and this was also true of AF ground staff is where these flights are sold as Air France flights on a business class ticket (and priced as such ), and then the short hop to UK is with FlyBe (which lacks a business cabin), we should still get access to the lounges of Air France (relevant if you have a long layover). In fairness to Air France, I had asked them about this in advance (told we would have access) and then when I turned up with my children today, the agent said, technically we did not have access. However, she used her discretion and let us in as we had flown from Dubai with them. Whilst I do not know what is right or wrong, its gestures like that which make me really like Air France. Their staff try very hard and "go the extra mile" . I lost my computer on my outbound flight and their ground crew found it and bought it to me.
  Moscow to London via Paris. I was less than impressed. Delay on boarding and take off due to computer issues. This meant my connection time was shortened. After racing from one end of the CDG terminal to the other, with no help or direction from Air France staff, I made the connecting flight at the last moment. How on earth someone elderly or infirm would manage this?? The seat & tray table area was dirty - crumbs and food present. One toilet for an entire aircraft over 4 hours.  My bags didnt make it to London, and were delivered late the next evening. However, the food was reasonable and the cabin crew were polite. The price was good. There was no entertainment or WiFi available. I will avoid Air France in the future.
 January 30, 2018, flight AF1358, Paris, France - Rabat, Morocco. At the airport terminal, airline employees speak English so badly and with such a strong accent that it is almost impossible to understand it, when asking this staff member to repeat the question he got very upset. In case of emergency this communication problem could have serious consequences, Charles De Gaulle airport is international and this should not happen. February 10, flight AF1259, Rabat-Paris, this flight arrived late to Paris and we had to literally run to reach the connecting flight to New York, but to our surprise they had changed the door from K35 to K48 which is at the other end, the boarding card information said K35, they did not send us any notice either by text or email. We almost lost the flight. February 10, flight AF008 from Paris to JFK. Surprise! Our bags did not arrive. We went to Terminal 1 to the Air France claims office, an airline employee with a rather rude attitude attended us and we almost felt it was our fault that they had lost our bags. They put a rush on our luggage and they guaranteed that they would take it to our house the next day. We made three calls and they assured us they would deliver our bags by 11.00 pm. They never arrived. February 11, they brought our luggage. For our next trip Air France will not be an option to consider.
 Flew Southampton to Dubai via Paris CDG. Our first long haul flight with Air France we chose their business class over BA Club world even though it meant changing aircraft. The whole experience was excellent. I lost my computer in Paris and the ground crew amazingly found it and bought it to the lounge for me. Lounge in hall L 2 F was brand new and excellent. Slight delay caused by heavy snow. On board was new business cabin, really comfortable seat. Food exquisite and beverages all good. Cabin crew all excellent. Can not fault them.
  Lisbon to Washington via Paris. Absolutely terrible service. Was stuck in Paris and was repeatedly lied to. We were told that we were going to be bussed to an airport hotel because of the storm. They sent us to a hotel at Disney more than 45 kilometers from the airport. They provided no transportation back to the airport which ended up being very expensive. My baggage was lost. Customer service was terrible throughout. Not an ounce of compassion or even a hint of an apology. Just poor and arrogant customer service.
 Great flight from Athens to Paris. The ground staff were very professional and nice. Aboard the plane, the flight attendants were also very nice and provided us with many drinks and snacks all throughout the flight. The seats were very comfortable. There were absolutely no delays, and our checked bags were retrieved without any problem. The flight itself was spectacular, with a wonderful sunset above Croatia, the Mediterranean and the Alps. I would say this flight comfirms my view of Air France as an affordable and very reliable airline.
 Flew Air France from Orly to Toulon. It's snowing today. Just a little, nothing like a tempest. Temperature is terrible : -1C. AF 7508 was supposed to board at 1730. Boarding started at 1750 and finished at 1817. In addition, the pilot informs us : - 1 hr delay for De-icing! No electricity in a while due to the ground generator breaking. Flight duration: 1 hr 15. No water, nothing proposed by the crew. Very nice airline when customer is treated like a cow. It's a pity there is no competition on this route.
  Reunion to Paris. La Reunion had been under a tropical hurricane for the last few days and we didn't know if we would be available to go back to Paris. Eventually, all went well and the weather seemed to calm down just for me to go back home. I had quite an argue with the airport security staff because I had left my Swiss knife in my cabin bag. It's wrong, I get it, and it's my fault. But I made her notice that I traveled from ORY to RUN with it in my cabin bag too with no problem (maybe the Orly airport staff should review their screening training). Anyway, confronted to this problem, I went back to the Air France check-in and the staff was very helpful in providing me another bag to check-in with my knife in it. I was finally able to pass security and reached out for the Skyteam Lounge. It was a bit busy but big enough for everyone (although, too many kids for me). Food was good, I had several delicious samosas while waiting for the flight and a nice red wine. There also was plenty of plugs for my devices. Heading to the airplane, someone misled me to the Economy class in the skybridge without checking my ticket (I guess men in their twenties are not the usual Business traveler). The woman who had helped me checking my second bag was passing by and recognized me. She led me to the correct door and was very nice and helpful. This flight was full of kids again. My flight attendant was nicer than the one on the first trip. He was caring and smiling. He helped me clean a stain on my shirt due to this delicious vinaigrette salad sauce. The flight was very bumpy and the old Business seat did not allow me to get to proper sleep this time. I still was able to rest in good conditions in any case. The breakfast served was very good and croissants seemed to be fresh. All went very well until Paris ORY.
  Paris to Reunion. This was a last minute leisure trip so I paid quite a high amount of money (3,800€ round trip), compared to other AF Business seats, to go to La Reunion. I am not a big fan of Orly airport but SkyPriority worked very well until the Skyteam Lounge. Although quite small, it was very cosy with a bay window over the check-in hall. Food and beverages were not fantastic but enough to wait quietly for my flight which was 20mn late (not Air France fault though). Onboard, I experienced the old Business Class seat which I already knew when I booked (the Best&Beyond is rare if simply not existent for the French abroad territories). It still a bit baffling. Business class was full this day (14 seats) and, since it's a family destination, full of kids, at least half the cabin. I honestly think kids should not be allowed in Business but those ones were calm during the entire flight so I cannot complain. The flight attendant was nice and caring but nothing extraordinary. She promptly brought our nice dishes. I had pre-ordered a meal and everything was good in this area. Concerning the IFE, I was honestly surprised by the low quantity of movies available but it didn't really matter for me, since I soon went to sleep on this 11h flight. Everything went well upon arrival and even though it was a bumpy flight on an old slippery seat (because of the inclination), I was quite fresh and ready to enjoy my vacation.
  Paris to Singapore. Great flight! Air France lounge was great and comfortable. Upon entering the aircraft the cabin was beautiful although a little dirty and my seat had some damages. IFE was great, food was amazing. Flight attendants were cheerful and smiling. There was a problem with the galley kitchen and only one stove was working so my wife's dinner took 3 hours. She waited an hour for her main course and the selection she chose was unavailable. We think she was given an appetizer from la premiere as substitute. But beyond that, a great flight
  London to Vancouver via Paris. Clean and beautiful cabin on the Boeing 777 with reasonable space between the seats, flight attendants were smiling and friendly. The lunch was served approximately 2 hours after take off, food was delicious and cabin crews were attentive during service. Many movies and music albums on the inflight entertainment kept me occupied during this 10 hours flight. Enjoy very much flying with Air France.
 Flew Air France from Naples to Paris CDG. What a great flight. The lounge at Naples Airport was great: the quality of food is great. The boarding was very efficient. The staff on board were very kind and extremely helpful. The food was tasty and delicious: pasta salad with Italian artichoke. Chicken with olives tapenades and as dessert a typical cake from Brittany. The drink: champagne: marvellous. Tea : mint tea from me palaos du the: very enjoyable. The flight was on time: what a perfect day and flight.
  Heathrow to Paris CDG. Arrived four minutes late at check-in for a midday Paris flight. Instead of the usual "you're too late" they sent us to another desk next to check-in who found us two seats on the same very full flight. It was all extremely professional with no fuss. The flight was delayed by an technical problem involving an aircraft change but they apologised several times and kept us informed to the minute. Next problem my son had his guitar with him in a soft cover. The gate check-in advised us that it was at the captain and cabin crew's discretion if it was to be allowed in the cabin or had to go in the hold. As we entered the aircraft a smiling purser and smiling senior stewardess asked if he wanted to keep us entertained, but seriously found a safe place for the guitar despite being on a very full A319. The flight got to Paris in 45 minutes and during which the still smiling the crew served a roll and brought round the drinks trolley. I assumed they were enjoying what they were doing and enjoyed treating the passengers as customers. On the return two days later it was the same. There was no problem with the guitar - another happy team worked the cabin of a completely full A320 which was comfortable, and a decent amount of space between seats. Again a snack and drinks were served and the flight was very smooth in appalling weather.  I didn't realise it was still possible to enjoy flying, so thanks Air France for your professionalism and good humour, and look forward to flying with you again.
 Flew Air France from Buenos Aires to Paris. Very nice flight. Travelling long haul with my 2 year old daughter alone for the first time. I got the flight with airmiles from the Brazilian airline GOL for a very good price especially considering it was the week of Christmas. I was able to use the Aerolineas Argentinas lounge at EZE which was well equipped. Boarding was efficient and having taken our seats the purser came up to introduce himself to me (I am Flying Blue Platinum) which I thought was a nice touch. Food was very nice and my daughters child meal was exceptional. Seats were for economy as good as can be with sufficient leg room for me (I am 6 feet 2). Flight was punctual. Horrendous turbulence which caused distress to some passengers which was very professionally dealt with by the crew. Recently moved to Skyteam from One World and each time I fly with Air France / KLM / Alitalia / Delta I become increasingly pleased that I did. Thanks Air France for making my Christmas happy!
 Early flight from Berlin to Paris. Check in easy. Boarding on time and departure ahead of schedule. The flight was operated by Joon and only hot and cold drinks were offered. I really like the outfit of the crew. The Youjoon in-flight entertainment allowed me to watch series and to track your flight on the map. The delivery of our luggage at CDG was quite fast. Overall, a good flight even if I prefer flights operated by Air France.
  Paris to Sao Paulo. Plane was delayed for no apparent reason. My seat was dirty. A Business Class flight attendant came with a wet towel and cleaned. Despite the on board experience was very good from that point on Air France ruined my short stay in Sao Paulo delaying one of my bags. We checked in 2 hours before departure, the bag was marked Priority Elite etc. Upon arrival at Sao Paulo poor attitude, thinking that offering $100 refund for purchases of clothing resolves the problem. When would they understand that you expect your luggage to arrive with you
 I flew from London to Paris with Air France. I have used the Air France app for the check in and to change my seat. Croissant and hot beverages were offered during this 40 mins flight. Flight attendants were attentive and helpful. The aircraft was clean and the seat was comfortable. Really enjoyed flying with Air France.
 Paris to Vancouver. Enjoyed flying with Air France. Boarding was on time, organised and ground hostess were smiling and friendly. The aircraft was clean with a beautiful cabin. Economy seat are quite comfortable and the inflight entertainment is pretty good. An hour after take off lunch was served, food was good and more bread was offered during the service. Another lighter meal was served before landing in Vancouver. There was also a bar setup at the back of the aircraft with some snacks where passengers could help themselves in case they were hungry during this long flight. I travel very often and I have to say Air France is doing very well compared to other European airlines. Totally recommend flying Air France.
  Paris to Rio de Janeiro. Not the new best cabin but still very good comfort and the best deal on the route. Night flight with excellent night dinner with superb foie gras and very good choice of wines (three white, three reds). Flight entertainment is perfect. Air France plus is their breakfast service (warm brioche and real expresso on demand). Even their toilets were clean despite a full flight.
  Paris CDG to Berlin. Sub par experience. Flight was canceled after sitting in the runway for 90 minutes. Then put on a flight that is 7 hours later. The gave me 11 euro voucher, to compensate for the loss of time. Then got a message stating they lost my baggage, despite reassurances from the crew that all my bags will be transited without any problems. I will never fly Air France again.
 Flew Paris to Cape Town via Johannesburg with Air France. For such a big new plane, it was completely under par. The cabin was hot inside, plane was delayed, the food was average. The delay caused us to miss our connecting flight and no effort was made from Air France to assist us or inform us. They rebooked my partner on I on different flights. Terrible airline. Not up to standard.
  Paris to Beijing. In my opinion the best First available. The course at CDG and La Première Lounge are just incredible. The onboard service and catering is of excellent quality. The bedding is very comfortable and the curtains isolate you very well from the aisle! One downside, you should avoid the two middle seats that are significantly worse!
  Johannesburg to Munich via Paris. First time flying Air France (in conjunction with KLM). Also my first time flying A380. In flight entertainment for the plane didn't work from take off to landing. Other than that, the flight was average. Average food andaverage service.
 Perfect short flight from London Heathrow to Paris Charles de Gaulle. Very easy check in on the Air France app. Boarding was fast and organised, the aircraft was clean and comfortable. The flight departed on time, pastries and hot beverages was offered for breakfast during this 40 mins flight. Totally enjoyed flying with Air France.
  Lisbon to Paris CDG. Flight operated by Joon by Air France. Ticket at affordable price, with very good value for money. Ground service was kind and very fast. Comfortable seat and very helpful Cabin Staff service. Fast and free WiFi on board. Airline highly and definitely recommend.
 Tel Aviv to Stockholm via Paris CDG. I arrived at the airport well in advance, and since I only had cabin baggage I could proceed directly to security, which is a big advantage at Ben Gurion where there is often a long line at check in. I had tried to order a gluten free meal for the flight, but I realized I could not do that since the meal at the first flight was considered breakfast, where there is no option of gluten free, and on the second flight they only serve what they call a "snack"; so there is no option there either. So there goes one of the reasons not to choose a low cost carrier instead. Buying a cheap ticket at Air France you don't get any check in luggage anyway, so the difference compared to low cost airlines is minimal. Well, you get some kind of meal, if you manage to eat it, and some coffee for free. But the worst part is the seating comfort. I have recently flown with low cost carriers like Ryanair and Norwegian, and both of these have had more leg room than Air France. I am not very tall, so if you are a bit taller than 1.90 m you will probably have to pay extra to get a better seat at this airline. They also make people pay in order not to have to choose between the last available seats 30 hours before departure. The airplane was decent enough, but since most passengers don't want to pay extra for baggage there was lots and lots of cabin luggage, and the staff were a bit too aggressive when trying to stow it away. Also one of the toilets on one of the flights did not have tap water. It would have been better if that was marked on the door. So I am sorry to say that Air France tends to get worse and worse for every time. The only reason to choose Air France is if you can manage to get enough time in Paris to go into town. Otherwise you can just as well choose Ryanair.
  Cape Town to Los Angeles via Paris CDG. So this was the first time that I've flown Air France and I'm not entirely sure how I feel about it. I can't exactly say why I was expecting "more", but I was. Boarding was efficient and fairly prompt and we got away on schedule. After take off, a drinks service was completed, followed by dinner and then one more drinks run. I was sat at seat 40a (changed my seats at check in, I prefer a window seat). Cabin crew were nice enough (could have done with another drinks run) and the cabin was super clean. The seat was AWFULLY uncomfortable, there's something about the way it's positioned, one can't quite get ones legs straight out under the seat in front. This makes for all sorts of contorted positions throughout the flight and a charming game of leg olympics with the strange man seated in the seat next door. Connection in Paris was quick and well done, flight from Paris to LAX was torture. (Probably more down to the flight before). Service was arguably better on this flight though, and the crew - WAY friendlier. It took ages to get luggage at LAX though. All in, everything was ok. I can't really think of anything that stood out. In flight entertainment was not what one would expect from Air France, but it was ok. I would fly them again, but only because of the ease of connection from CPT to the US.
 Flew Air France from Sydney to Paris CDG via Shanghai. The service on board was just average, the tickets are overpriced. Not even to mention the slow, inefficient customer service. No one would respond to your request on their website and if you call them on phone be ready to wait for at least 15 mins until someone picks up your call. My call was responded by someone that was not even good with English.
  Enjoyed flying with Air France from London to Vancouver via Paris Charles de Gaulle. The connection in Charles de Gaulle Airport was easy and fast. Boarding was really organised and cabin crews were attentive and friendly. The aircraft cabin was clean and looking new. The food was very good compared to other airlines and the inflight entertainment was great with lots of different kinds of music albums and a good choice of recent movies. I do travel a lot and so far Air France is one of my favourite European airline.
  Barcelona to Paris CDG. Ticket was purchased on Delta in early November with the BCN-CDG-MIA segments for travel in AF premium economy. When I tried to check in online it was not available for check-in; a phone call to Delta said that I was now flying JOON ex-BCN, in economy class. When I finally got to check in online via the AF site, I was offered a business class upgrade BCN-CDG for 480 euros (promptly refused). Flight was completely full with constant announcements promoting Joon as the innovative airline. Not quite – more like any other LCC. There is no seat entertainment, an app must be downloaded. Only coffee, tea, and water are complimentary, everything else is for sale. When I commented that I was on a premium economy fare the flight attendant’s response was no, it’s not offered and too bad for me. Unfortunately it seems AF is spreading this busline of theirs to numerous cities in Europe and that will impact selecting Air France for travel.
 I had a pleasant flight with Air France. On the short-haul flight from Hamburg to Paris, I was served a snack and a drink, seats were comfortable with an okay-pitch. Ground personell were friendly, same counts for the crew. No entertainment system, which is okay compared to the duration of my flight. I only had one hour to reach my connecting flight in CDG (which is really the Minimum time-span you should count in when changing planes in CDG) and the Air France personell gave me detailed information on how to get to my gate the fastest way possible and made sure that I could exit the plane before the other passengers as we had a 20 minutes delay. All in all a good flying experience.
 Flew Air France from London Heathrow to Mauritius via Paris. Shocking service from the word go, definitely not trying at all to make our booking experience or flight nice. One person serving at check in desk meant a 90 minute queue and a rush to board the flight, horrible start to the holiday when we got there early!
  Paris to Abu Dhabi. My flight was booked through Air France but was on an Etihad plane. Prior to the departure date I tried to book additional luggage online with Air France for 80 euros unaware that I was actually to fly with Etihad Airways. I was unable to book online for additional luggage and so called Air France. I was informed by Air France that although I wasn't able to book additional luggage online that they would put a note on my ticket for me to pay only 80 euros for the additional luggage when checking in at the airport. With this information I felt no need to investigate further. Upon arriving at the Charles de Gaulle airport to check in I was informed by Etihad Airways that I needed to pay 321.17 euros for the additional luggage! They informed me that there was no note on the ticket. When asking Air France at the airport to assist me with this they informed me that the only note on the ticket was that I had attempted to book additional luggage online, nothing about having to only pay 80 euros. Air France said they could do nothing about this situation and I had to pay the fee Etihad was demanding of me. Since I wanted to bring my belongings home and time was ticking I felt I had no option but to pay the amount demanded of me by Etihad Airways. Upon arriving in Australia I contacted Air France to request compensation for the additional amount I was asked to pay over the 80 euros. I informed them that had I known I would have had to pay such a high rate for the additional luggage with Etihad Airways I would have sought other cheaper methods to get my belongings home. Air France refused to give me the amount of 241.17 euros that I requested and said that I ought to ask Etihad Airways. I did not accept their suggestion since it was Air France at fault, not Etihad Airways.
  Nice to Paris. One person in our group was travelling with her Brazilian passport with her maiden name and her American Green Card with her name after she got married. Both Brazil and USA say that you don’t need a new passport or visa if you get married before they get expired. So, because of the frequent traveler programs etc (and because it is her name nowadays), her air ticket was showing her new name. We traveled from Paris to Malaga and from Madrid to Nice with those documents without any problem.  The lady in the Air France check in said that she couldn’t allow her to check in because the name in the passport was not the name in the ticket. After we insisted for a while, she decided to check.  She walked very slow and she left behind a line that was growing and growing. After many minutes, she came back and said that the supervisor was coming and asked us to wait in the side. It was 4 minutes before the closing time for our flight. The supervisor came 15 minute later. She was not told about the green card.  Of course we were right, so she decided to allow us to embark and call the airplane telling them to wait for us. At the security point, they didn’t allow us to go through as the boarding time was gone. We stayed until they told us that the plane was gone and that they were going to place us in the next flight. The next flight was at 8:25pm. They sent us to the VIP lounge as a way to apologize. I couldn’t help to think how a bad employee that is not interest in doing a good job can cause damage to a company. But it was only the beginning. The plane was not ok to flight. They were waiting for another plane to arrive from Lyon to accommodate all the passengers. Because we were travelling La Premiere, they relocate us to a flight to Orly. Many people would like to have been relocated as we were. But because of the lady that didn’t allow us to check out in the earlier flight, we were occupying the spots that could have been assigned to another passengers. We arrived at Paris. Our luggage arrived as well, but of course the girls’ strollers didn’t. Besides, we had to take a van to Sheraton Hotel at Charles de Gaulle that costs us 120 euros. We were supposed to be at CDG at 7:40pm. We arrived after midnight. The kids were tired. We had no strollers that until now were not find. And we were told that the strollers will be send to our home in California. If we don’t get them in 45 days, we can present an invoice and get a refund. What am I supposed to do without the strollers for more than a month? I’m not sure if I will ever travel Air France again. 
 Bogota to Rome via Paris. It's one of the worst airlines considering how much they charge. First problem: I wanted to upgrade (by paying the difference onboard ) I was told it's not possible. There were plenty of empty seats both in premium economy and in business. So why was I told I couldn't buy an upgrade? Second and most important issue: flight arrived a little late (5 minutes delay) but missed my connection to another flight with Air France. The terminal where I arrived was really far, had to go through security and immigration and yet when still on the flight the screen showed the connection. All I know is that it took forever to arrive to next flight and gate was closed. So off you go to the transit desk to get another flight. The attitude and the rolling of eyes is extremely annoying and to make it worse I'm told I missed the flight. After a lot of arguing there are no flights (in any class, can you believe it? Well I don't) so I'm given a room in a hotel inside the airport. The airport hotel is called Yotel and the rooms without windows are like 2 meters by 1.5. Basically smaller than a box. Such a poor experience.
 Vienna - Paris CDG - London Heathrow in Economy almost a year ago. Booked the flight directly with AF/KLM on their website. VIE-CDG was actually a codeshare flight operated by OS. Not a routing I would have normally booked, but affordable options were limited due to a late booking and a long weekend in Austria. The flight from VIE arrived in CDG 15 mins delayed due to an ATC slot, which should not have been an issue, but it was. We had a scheduled transfer time of 1 hour, which was now reduced to 45 minutes. CDG is a disaster and even the scheduled transfer time of one hour would have been not enough to be at the gate before the official flight closing time. Long lines at passport control with no special lines for EU-passports and no short connection lines. Also, nobody there from the airline or the airport to assist with short connections. Then a bus transfer between the terminals that seemed to circle the whole airport with multiple stops and which took almost 30 minutes. CDG has to be the worst organized airport in Europe. When we arrived at the gate (the very last at the end of the terminal) just before the indicated departure time, the gate was still green as open. When the gate agent saw us coming she welcomed us by saying she knows that the flight from VIE was delayed, but the gate is now closed. The flight was probably oversold so she quickly closed the gate. When checking in in VIE for this flight we were informed the flight was completely full and only two last middle seats at the back of the plane were available (sounded a lot like oversold to me). AF then rebooked us to another AF flight leaving 6 hours later. When looking for earlier alternative we were informed the next AF flight was booked solid, so no chance (not good but understandable). When we asked to be put on an earlier BA flight that had availability (as stipulated by EU Law), we were told “that’s not AF policy”. When asked why no transfer support was available given the delay and short connection time, we were told “that’s not AF policy”. When asked why they did not hold the plane a couple of minutes as we were at the gate before the departure time and they knew that a 6 hour wait was the consequence, we were told “that’s not AF policy”. We were then issued a meal voucher, but we had to wait for hour at the counter till AF got the approval from OS Otherwise AF would not issue it. Because, we were again told it is not AF policy to take responsibility whatsoever for a codeshare flight. Ridiculous and insulting! AF’s policy basically seems to be to do the utmost to inconvenience its passengers. The flight to LHR itself was actually okay, as the plane was almost empty and lots of seats unoccupied. Service was average for Y. But given the whole transfer experience and attitude with AF at CDG I will do whatever it takes not to board another AF plane. I have been happily avoiding AF for the last ten years because of previous bad experiences, and I will happily continue to do so.
  Air France accidentally cancelled reservation on return flight from Barcelona to Atlanta via Paris.  Counter staff were rude and made no attempt to help saying that there was nothing they could do and directed us to a un-opened customer service area which did not open for about an hour and a half and no one could let us know if they were going to open, sighting that it was Sunday. Agent at security told me that I had to check in my walking cane. Making my walking difficult. Despite having reserved and verified a wheel chair, that information was lost. Perhaps due to airlines mistaken cancellation of our reservation. My travel companions / assistants were seated in different seats of airplane. Something I noticed was the norm with many passengers'. Stewardess said she would try to remedy but never did. I asked for a beverage which attendant said was not on the cart but would return with but never did. • Overall the entire experience was very poor and stressful.
  London to Paris. Check in was awful, 1 or 2 of our bags were overweight and we had 3 bags in total. We said that since it would be logical to still allow it since the total baggage weight would still equal to less than 4 bags, at first, the supervisor refused, but then after some convincing, he put our bags on, but refused to print boarding passes, luckily I had them on my Wallet app. I reached out to social media about this, they apologized and later got 3 $50 Delta Choice Selection as an apology. We boarded in a 787-9 which is very young, and the cabin staff were much better, there was IFE on this 35 Minute flight. Once airborne they served a pack of 2 Cookies and drinks too, after that we landed. WIFI is available but you have to pay for it.
  Papeete to Los Angeles. We paid USD 6998 for 2 Business Class (Z) tickets, but due to industrial trouble at Air France, it was subcontracted to HiFly and we were involuntarily downgraded to Economy class. This was in 2 middle seats; but not together! We have received 2 measly vouchers worth €450 to compensate. I cannot imagine ever flying Air France again after this experience, so the value of the vouchers is rather moot.
 I was supposed to go from Madrid to Jakarta on business class on November 9. In Madrid I got my boarding pass up to Jakarta. My flight from Madrid to Paris was AF 1801 on November 9. This flight arrived late, it landed at 20.15 approximately. I did inform the cabin crew that I had an AF transfer to Singapore, they said that operations were informed and there would be no problem. I rushed to gate K30, and I arrived at 20.30 approximately. So 20 minutes before departure. I was told that I was too late. I said that I was in time, that the AF plane from Madrid was late, that they knew about it, that the plane was still at the boarding gate. The only reply I got was that there were procedures. This of course is totally unacceptable. Why an AF plane cannot wait 10 minutes a passenger who is slightly late because the incoming flight, also from AF, is slightly late? With already a boarding pass. Is this an AF procedure? To disregard information showing that a passenger will be slightly delayed due to well documented late arrival? I took the same flight the following day and the last passenger boarded after 20.45. Did the procedures change? I also just want to mention that I was offered a night in a hotel of medium category in a totally lost area. No compensation whatsoever was offered. I of course had no clothing to change and also not any warm cloth. I also had no opportunity to buy it. Even if this is not a reason for a different treatment, I will mention that I was travelling business class and that I am a gold frequent flyer with AF. And that I never saw anything similar in all my life. What a shame!
  Paris to Sofia. As a person who is travelling a lot I don't recommend Air France. They don't care about your baggage. I received my suitcase ripped. I asked for compensation but their policy is so complicated so I gave up. They ask for so many things to be provided that I will lose so much time. 
  We were late leaving Barcelona to France but we were not asked if we had a connection, other customers were and moved so they could get off first. They only had about 6 officers in passport control out of around 300 people waiting. Boarding the bus to the terminal for our connecting flight the bus stopped and waited, there was no one. We missed our flight and no one would even help us, we were led in a mouse maze where the employees were rude and wouldn't give us a hotel. I will never recommend Air France to anyone.
  I did enjoy very much flying with Air France from Paris Charles de Gaulle airport to Vancouver. The aircraft looked new and the cabin was clean. Economy seat was comfortable and the entertainment screen was pretty big compared to other airlines. Food was good and a large choice of beverages were offered. Cabin crews were friendly and professional. It was a very pleasant flying with Air France.
  Hamburg to Bangkok via Paris CDG.  HAM-CDG on Inter-European route nothing expected but was pretty surprise. Flight on time but information with apologize from captain that due to European air traffic control the flight to Paris would be 30 minutes longer and the express transfers were arranged by AF at CDG for those passengers with short transit.Service on Board a tasty croissant stuffed with cheese with complimentary wine! After arrival at CDG I saw AF Ground staff at the aircraft’s gate with the “short transit” poster. It seemed that AF had arranged the express transit assistance.  CDG-BKK boarding a bit chaotic because there was no priority boarding for those passengers who sat at aft zone of aircraft and everyone wanted to board the aircraft accordingly. Therefore the aircraft gangway were blocked by passengers who seated at the front zone putting their handbags into the overhead bins. Cabin-Crews were aged but very friendly and professional, helping passenger putting their handbags into the bins to avoid the traffic jam at gangway. Flight full on Boeing 777-300 with cramped 10seats / row therefore nothing to say about the seat comfort except the small footrest. AF is one of the few airlines which provides the seat footrest for Y passengers. Flight 30 minutes delay (due to chaotic boarding?) After taken off a hot towel was given followed by beverage service with nuts. 1 hour later hot tasty dinner was served with red wine in mini bottle and other good selection of drinks. After dinner most of FAs were gone and only one FA was on duty at each galley but self-service bar with soft drinks and ice cube was open throughout the flight. Excellent IFE with wide selection of music and movies in a variety of languages but limited new movies were available. During the rest time ice cream was served by the 2 FAs who were on duty. 2 hours before landing hot towel is given and hot tasty breakfast (with no choice) was served. All in all a good experience and great value for money. I can confirm that AF is a 4 stars airline and one of European best airline in Y Class. l will definitively fly with AF again
  I’ve had a very good experience flying with Air France, during this very short flight from London to Paris (40 mins flight). Flight departed on time, cabin crews were helpful and friendly, aircraft was very clean and new. Pain au chocolat and hot beverage served for breakfast. Totally recommend flying Air France.
  Madrid to Paris. A few days before the flight, when I tried to check in online, I realised my tickets had "0 pieces of luggage" included. I went to check in at the airport and my suitcase was only 14 kgs but I had to pay 40EUR and my credit card didn't work. Staff at the counter offered no help or support.  The Air France staff at the Madrid Airport was just bad people to tell it like it is.
  Air France, Paris to Johannesburg - A380. To be honest I was expecting more, not much more but more. The bed (seat) does not go flat, almost but not completely flat, taking into consideration that it is an A380 and this is Air France I was disappointed. The plane took off and I had started to sleep, however the staff started changing peoples seats, upgrading other passengers and re-allocating people. The service was ok, but nothing out of this world. In the end a normal flight, not the experience that you are expecting from Air France on a long haul flight.
  Had booked a Business Class ticket months ago to fly from Shanghai to Paris. Upon check-in I was informed I had been ‘downgraded’ to premium economy. When I enquired as to why, I was told the airline had overbooked and that I was not the only business class passenger who had been downgraded. The seat I was assigned in premium economy was the very last middle row with 4 seats and there was a partition behind separating it from economy so the seats do not recline. The entertainment screen did not work and although I had to advise a male flight attendant of the problem, it was not resolved until a few hours later after having to ask again. The headrests are convex so the neck is thrust forward. This is a very cramped premium economy class cabin and I’m an average sized person. There is a token leg rest bout the incline is minimal. The washrooms were in economy. At least the seats recline in economy. The fact of the matter is I paid for a business class ticket and was downgraded with no advance warning. I’d been traveling 12 hours prior to this flight. Shocking standard of service and I will not use this airline again.
  San Francisco to Paris. A decent flight but quite turbulent, my daughter became sick not long after take off, we think due to bad food In SFO. Cabin crew did what they could, the purser on board was very helpful. When we touched down a wonderful Air France employee took us by the hands and arranged medical attention for our daughter and helped us with our connecting flights, she was absolutely phenomenal! Kudos to Air France for such an employee, she should train everyone else! Daughter got medical attention and we flew onto Zurich that night, she saved our vacation. Plane was nice, flight rather turbulent but all in all we were happy.
  Frankfurt to Montpellier via Paris. We arrived in Paris on time, however we were not able to leave the aircraft, as the passenger staircase was not the right one for our aircraft type. It took more than 25 minutes from parking to getting into the bus, which led to missing my connecting flight to Montpellier. I had to change airports (from CDG to ORY) and arrived at MPL at 1745 (instead of 1405). I claimed for compensation and received an email FROM AF that they acknowledged my claim and that they would transfer a total of 271 Euro (250 + 21 for the transfer CDG-ORY which I had to pay). Three days later another email arrived, saying that Air France made a mistake, that they were not responsible for the delay of the passenger staircase and that they would not pay the compensation or the 21 Euros for the bus to Orly. They claim that a missing staircase is an unavoidable circumstance for them, which is ridiculous, as ground handling (including the provision of the staircase) is the responsibility of the airline. Still speechless that Air France first acknowledged my claim and revoked it three days later. 
  Return flight from Paris Orly to Toulon. Take off at 1840 for a landing at 2000.  Ground staff service good. In flight service a beverage with small biscuit is not enough at that time. A sandwich would have been appreciated. Aircraft size okay. In flight entertainment for domestic flight would have been appreciated.
  Everything was fine for this return flight from Cayenne to Paris Orly. Aircraft on time, check in procedures OK immigration queue less than 3 minutes. We were about to embark the plane when the captain told us the aircraft was unserviceable due to technical problem. Instead of a departure on Thursday at 17:25, we took off on Saturday 02:00. Ground staff took us in charge very professionally and less than 3 hours after the captain announcement, we were at the hotel bar with nights and meals took in charge by Air France and we had new flight reservations. The flight was quiet (Take off at 0200 AM) with good inflight service.
  Paris-Orly to Cayenne. Embarking procedures a bit difficult due to small embarking area in Paris Orly. In flight service very good. Meals: good quality, good wines, and staff service in premium economy area. Premium economy is appreciated for size of seats and in flight entertainment.
  Amsterdam to Lima return via Paris. First part AMS-CDG with KLM 737. Good legroom, friendly staff and good service for this short haul flight. Because it was busy in Amsterdam, flight left too late, but arrived on time. So overall good experience. Arrived in Paris at time. Unfortunately the time at the border control took very long (approx. 1 hour) so I've made it just in time to the connection flight. Second part CDG-LIM won Air France 777-300. Old plane, and so was the IFE. Seats were cramped and legroom was so so. Seat had an USB port. It was a daytime flight of 12,5 hours. After departure (which was on time) the served already the lunch. You couldn't make a choice, and there was no drink service before or a towel. After the lunch was been served we didn't see the crew anymore. If you needed a drink, you had to go the galley by yourself. There were limited snack (little ice creams and small sandwiches). An hour before arrival we got a snack (orange juice, small piece of bread and a cake). It was not much. The food tasted good. Overall I thought that the service was limited (especially if you compare it with other airlines or with partner KLM). You pay a lot of money, and therefore you don't get much service. The same features with the IFE, which had limited options and didn't work properly. So I'm not impressed with the services provided by Air France. Third part was back from LIM-CDG with AF 777-300. This plane was slightly newer, and the legroom felt better, and so were the seats. IFE was still old. This was a night flight. Service started just after departure (same as on the way to LIM only one meal option). The service on this flight was limited too. On a night flight I don't care about that, but in the night your neighbour sometimes want to pass because they wanted some water (they dont walk by once a hour). So that annoyed me. I've slept the most of the flight, despite that my neighbour wanted to pass two times. Second (breakfast) meal was not much, so also here was the service under par. Last part of the journey was CDG-AMS with AF A320. Legroom was ok, seats were good. Service was fine for this short haul flight (sandwich and drinks). I wouldn't recommend flying with AF based on my experiences. You pay a lot money for the ticket, service was limited and the quantity of the food was below par. Furthermore the IFE was old and didn't work properly. The seats are cramped and the legroom was so so. I like to fly with KLM (friendly crew and enough service), but AF is not comparable. So if I book with KLM, I check first if the flight is with them or with AF.
  Paris to San Francisco. Firstly I had troubles with the booking as Air France is using a system where "Young" (18-24) and "Adults" (25+) are separated. Initially I booked an adult ticket as it was not as expensive as a ticket for young adults. I searched the logic behind this and still haven't found yet - whatever, I called the customer service to help me book this ticket and I was charged 10€ for a reason that I still don't understand. During the journey, it was quite frustrating to see that Air France does not have a small Amenity kit for economy passengers. Once arrived on San Francisco I found out that my baggage was still in Paris. 48hrs after I made the reclamation, I still don't have the missing baggage and the customer service isn't answering yet. Still not have a commercial gesture but fighting for it. I'll keep you updated regarding the worst flight experience I ever had and the worst customer experience I have ever experienced!
  Paris CDG to New York. Probably, from a service standpoint, one of the best flights I have ever experienced. On-line check-in was a bit of a problem so I contacted AF via Facebook, explaining the problem. They acknowledged my message almost immediately; four hours later texted me that the issue was resolved and they had proactively checked me in. Boarding in Paris I was met with sincere smiles from all the cabin crew. Interactions were light-hearted and good humored, and cabin service was at all times professional and upbeat with an obvious desire to satisfy passengers. Crew never seemed rushed and routinely chatted with passengers. I am fortunate to be Elite Plus with SkyTeam, and was seated at the end of the cabin. As meal carts were rolled out, one flight attendant came to me and asked my dinner choice to ensure I got it. This simple and thoughtful gesture was significant because it showed attention to detail and a desire to serve. I don't like the 2x2x2 seating; video library is awkward, and food is unappealing but the empathetic service made for a wonderful flight.
  Bogota to Edinburgh via Paris CDG with Air France. Simply farcical! Delayed by over 5 hours on BOG-CDG due to 2 damaged tyres when we were about to take off. Was supposed to be repaired in 60-90 mins according to captain but took close to 5 hours. Luckily I slept through most of it. A340 was old, smelly and dirty with a pathetic IFE (think old LCD screen a few inches wide) so I did not even consult. At least A340 seats are more comfortable and wider than slimline seats on newer planes. Toilets were dirty. Food was poor, saved by offer of champagne and spirits etc. Announcements in English very poor, hard to understand. This is very much a DIY airline, take your chances. Upon arriving in Paris, no assistance for onward flight despite 6 hour delay on what is already long trip. However, miseries were not over, since, due to an unexplainable problem, the CDG-EDI leg was also delayed by 1 hour! Incredibly poor management and customer experience. At least, thanks to EU laws, I am getting 600 euros of compensation for a wasted day. I imagine Air France lost a lot of money that day, and it is totally deserved.
  Paris to Venice . Air France didn't deliver my suitcase on time when I arrived in Italy. Nobody was able to tell me if it was a simple delay or where the suitcase was. Afterwards I discover through a colleague working at the airport in Paris that my suitcase was still in Paris. It was the first time I used the self checking at the airport, nobody was there to help me. I finally got my suitcase 3 days later.  When I got back from my vacation 3 weeks later I sent to Air France receipts to get the money back. They said I was too late. Air France offer a very bad customer service.
  Flew Paris CDG to Vancouver. Amazing experience, food was delicious, I did choose the risotto with mushrooms and I must say it was the best food I ever had served during a flight. They also served ice cream and water in the middle of the flight and another smaller meal before landing in Vancouver. Cabin crews were very friendly and attentive. The cabin was looking new and clean. Totally recommend flying with Air France, best European airline.
  Flight operated by Cityjet for Air France from Dublin to Paris CDG. Outbound generally OK though lounge lacks decent food to eat. On board good service but they served ham with no other option. Cabin crew were great though and tried to give me something else to eat. Return flight from Paris with chaotic boarding. I wonder why have priority boarding if you are just going to pack all of us in like sardines into a shuttle bus to get on the plane. Defeats the purpose of paying more for business class and having priority boarding. Lounge in terminal 2E was horrible. Hardly anything substantial to eat, not even bits of sandwiches! I did notice some pot noodles (in a business class lounge) and a passenger having to get information as to where to get hot water! On board though the service was impeccable. This time they had prawns and lovely orange juice and coffee. My luggage was also delivered very quickly at Dublin airport.
  Bengaluru to Toronto return via Paris. The crew will ignore you wherever possible, and courtesy levels will be zero. I have not had any issues during any of my 4 flights, this is just based on observance. The food quality is pathetic with few options to choose from. Most of the times the captain of the fligth just make annoucements in french and forgot to repeat it in english. When I pressed the call-the-staff button in the middle of the night for water, it stayed pressed during the whole flight and no one bothered to come over. When I went myself to take the water they informed that we are entering turbulence and if i need something i should just press the button. 
 I flew with Air France from London to Bangkok via Paris Charles de Gaulle, I enjoyed both flights. Boarding was fast, flight attendants were attentive and friendly, good inflight entertainment and the food was quite nice compared to other airlines. I do travel very often and Air France is one of the best airline in Europe. Looking forward to fly with them again soon.
  Paris to Marseille. Boarding was an absolute mess, with a rarely seen level of stress. Two Air France aircrafts at the same gate (F29), one to Florence supposed to leave 30 mn before the Marseille one, leaving therefore 10 mn to board to the second one. Unfortunately first boarding was delayed (due to staff at gate, a staff much more interested in preventing big cabin luggage than to speed up boarding process). Therefore stress started to grow between passengers of the second flight. It seems that staff at gate was unprepared, even after the obvious delays. They remained smiling, behind their desk, not helping the lady to security check. On board nothing important. Pilot succeeded is reducing delay on arrival.
  Cairo to Amsterdam via Paris. I had possibly my worst flight experience. At Cairo airport , the scheduled flight was boarded to depart 40 minutes past midnight. After sitting on the plane for approx. 90 minutes, announcement was made to disembark (I would add the flight had already pulled away from the gate and then returned). Anyone who has ever been to Cairo airport knows that communication is not easy in the best circumstances and no fluent English speaking staff were available. Okay, move on through security and airport terminals to locate Air France / KLM ticketing to receive new flight details and if necessary hotel accommodation. During almost 8 hours in a queue to achieve this, passengers were not given any refreshments. There was nowhere to buy anything, not even a machine. All passengers were told not to leave the queue and the reason it took nearly 8 hours for me and my travelling companion to be rerouted was because on average it took 15 minutes for every passenger to receive new tickets and where necessary a voucher. This was a debacle, no order, people pushing in airline staff running around doing nothing to help passengers but much shouting in Arabic. Naturally the connecting flight had to be rescheduled. After 10 or so hours we reached a nearby hotel and were at last able to get something to eat and a much needed sleep. 
  Point-a-Pitre to Marseille via Paris in 2016. This last time made me take the decision to no longer fly with them. After leaving more than 1h late from PTP we arrived in Paris when my connecting flight to Marseille already left. When I talk to the assistance (very rude) they made me feel like it was my fault if I missed the next flight and that they were making me a favor to put me on another flight - 5 hours later! Knowing that there was space on a flight earlier than that. When I asked for it, they told me "not possible"! They prioritised other passengers from another airline (which was also late). No food/beverages vouchers offered. The flight back was ok, but flight attendants were talking in front of passengers in a very casual way. Better customer service and passenger friendly, caring staff is what they are missing.
  I needed to change my return return flight Nice to Paris and AF at Orly told me to do it in Nice after my arrival. After queuing for over 20 minutes at the Customer Service counter, I was rudely asked 'don't you know there's no ticket office at Nice any more?'. When I replied that I had been advised to reticket here by Air France at Orly, I was asked contemptuously 'Well what do you think my job would be if I we reissued tickets here? I'd have a line of people and nothing else to do all day'. Air France poor culture of customer service never ceases to amaze me. Unfortunately I have no choice but to use them because they have a monopoly, but the airline is a disgrace. Always let down by ground staff. If I could give 0 stars in this category I would.
  Amsterdam to Bangkok via Paris. Very disappointed. After the flight from Amsterdam was delayed for 1h30m, we took off to Paris to transfer to the Air France flight to Bangkok, I had to run my ass off to make it just in time for boarding. Once in the plane there was a guy next to me taking up half my chair and half on the other side, cos of his huge size. After 12 painful hours I arrived in Bangkok. But my suitcase did not. It should have arrived today, but now they say it will probably be tomorrow. My holiday is on a hold right now because everything I need is in my suitcase, also this forces me to buy clothes and other things I need in daily life. There was no choice in meals. In flight entertainment seemed like it came from the stone age. And poor service on board.
  London to Paris return. No luggage and checked in online so did not experience checking at the airport. Outbound flight was a Boeing 787 so boarding took some time. Onboard seat comfort was very good as was legroom. This aircraft operates as a long haul product and I would have no issues in recommending it for a flight of this duration. Once at Paris deplaning took some time but otherwise fine. Return flight was on an A318. Online checkin again so very simple and straight forward. Not an AF issue but worthy of a mention is the lack of restaurants in CDG terminal 2E so something to bear in mind. Return flight left on time and again the seat was very comfortable and an enjoyable experience. Both flights offered a drink and quick snack which was great. Based on my experience I would choose them as a preference over BA and Lufthansa. Great flights all round.
  I am extremely disappointed in the service I received. I flew from Paris to London on Monday, however my luggage never arrived. I immediately reported it (got my file reference) at the counter where they told me my bag would be on the next flight, and I'll have my bag the following day. Now it is 4 days later I have followed up with numerous phone calls and filled in additional forms online with absolutely no response from the airline. My luggage have still not been found. 
  I was traveling from Dublin to Paris on 27th September and had a connected flight to catch. My flight from Dublin was delayed for an hour, but a crew member was so helpful, she offered me to sit at the front in order to exit the aircraft first and arranged a shortcut by an airport staff for me. I had to change terminals and in Paris Charles de Gaulle it is a hard work. I only had 50 minutes, but I made it on time, only because of herhelp. Otherwise, I would definitely miss it. She did all she could to help and supported me throughout the flight as I was quite worried - this flight was very important for me. Thanks again, to the crew on that flight.
  Amsterdam to Caïro via Paris. The first KLM flight was delayed by over 45 minutes due to two passengers deciding not to fly and their luggage had to be off loaded, but they apparently they couldn’t find any free baggage handlers to come and do that, Captains words. Eventually it was done, But we had a very tight connection for our Air France flight in Paris to Cairo. When we arrived in Cairo it was without our luggage as they had no time to transfer it. We were told It couldn’t be sent till 24 hours later on the next flight to Cairo, but that next day we were flying to Luxor to join a Nile cruise so it was going to take a further 24 hours to get to luxor and two more days to get it on board the boat so for four of our seven day holiday we had no baggage. A week on and we are seated on board our late night flight after a long day for our departure from Cairo, we boarded AF flight at 11.50pm and sat on the plane were eventually told there was a technical issue and waited for 40 mins. The plan then pulled away from the gate stopped and then returned to the gate, after 1am we were told by the captain that the co pilot was sick and the flight was being cancelled and we had to disembark and this is where Air France Failed terribly. Things happen, However in this case, the airline still has a duty of care to passengers, Air France had no staff of their own and the debacle begins. We disembark and are told we have to go to baggage collection downstairs and retrieve our luggage. Once there after 30 minutes we were told we wouldn’t be able to retrieve our luggage till after exit visas has been cancelled and to do this we all had to go back to the boarding gate. Being so early the escalators had been shut down but after we climbed the stairs we had to sit with allot of screaming and shouting passengers whilst they found the one customs guy to cancel our exit visas One guy for over 300 passengers, he assisted many Egyptians first and those who screamed got priority and after an hour or more he penned an x across the exit visa, which I could have done myself. So back to luggage collection past 2 in the morning and told we had to go to another terminal with luggage where the Air France counter was and were told to wait in a line in front of the airfrance counter to be re-ticketed. We stood for over 6 hours till 08.10am To finally get a result. But after spending 8 hours over night, with no sleep awake for over 24hrs, standing in line with no food or drink, no opportunity to buy any, no water being offered by ground staff, I feel the duty of care Failed. This was the very worst flight experience ever, the most appalling treatment of passengers and from start to finish by an airline. We were finally put in a hotel by 9.40am 10 hours after the scheduled departure of our original
  Atlanta to Paris. This was my first and last experience with Air France. The seats looked far more comfortable than they were. There was very little incline on the seats, however, the bottom of the seat moved forward a few inches. There was a foot rest on the seat and on the seat in front, which helped, but the seat is not well padded nor is there enough of an incline to allow for rest. The cabin crew was indifferent and not attentive. The big surprise was the food. I didn't make the trip for the meal, however, this was by far the worst airline food I have had. The entrees (both ways) were basically inedible. 
  It's Air France flight operated by HOP (But you can't buy it as a HOP flight). So it's not a low cost flight at rather expensive ticket price. Service was good with some snack and beverages free of charge. The leg room is tight but it's just about 2 hour flight. It arrives at Terminal G CDG airport and you have to take a free shuttle bus to the main terminal complex.
  I flew with Air France from Paris Charles de Gaulles to Nice Côte d'Azur and It was an enjoyable journey. The aircraft was looking new and clean, cabin crews were smiley, friendly and helpful. Really enjoyed flying with Air France.
  Lyon to Rome. I have never encountered worse customer service than the service at Air France. After four days in Italy I have not received my lost baggage. I have spoken to seven different customer service representatives all of whom have either lied to me, (your baggage will arrive by tomorrow night the latest) or hung up the phone on me mid-sentence. I've requested to speak to managers and to speak to the baggage courier service. I was denied both requests. I discourage anyone from booking with Air France. The absolute worst.
  Brussels to Johannesburg via Paris. Last time I flew with Air France was probably 10 years ago. It's usually not in my preferred list because of reputation and pricing. It has changed since this journey! First of all, we left Brussels by train to reach Paris CDG, that was a first for me and I got two nice surprises. First of all, you check your luggage directly at the train station and it follows you until the final destination (which it did), secondly, despite our Premium Economy ticket and the fact that the train ticket were supposed to be Economy class, we got first class seats in the TGV. That was a nice start. No trouble from the station to the airport, boarding was just fine, crew members very nice and friendly, I was pretty impressed as my expectations were way lower than that. The cabin was neat, plane was clean, and  the food was probably one of the best food I ate on a plane, despite being only Premium Economy, it was better than my last Business class trip.  Then comes the time to check the entertainment system, once again, I was surprised. The usual list of movies, few games and info, pretty classic but efficient, and, the nice touch is the music selection. I found a real selection of my favourite genre, and, I mean real like latest albums, various renown artists but not mainstream. Well, I sticked to the movies anyway, but that was a nice touch, I appreciated it. The way there and return were both equally nice, Boeing 777 and Airbus A380, everything was really nice and for once, I'd recommend Air France despite my initials feelings.
  Munich to Paris CDG. As I have mostly heard negative reviews about Air France, I was prepared for the worst. I was wrong. Check In in both Munich and Paris was a breeze. We were on Sky Priority which meant that we could board the plane first and our luggage was delivered first as well. The cabin was neat, very tidy and an excellent inflight magazine is available. Only downside is the seat pitch. The crew on both flights was absolutely amazing. Very professional and attentive, a warm smile and everyone spoke great english, some flight attendands also spoke german too. Another surprise was the delicious snack we received and the great variety of beverages offered. It was a flight of one hour and Air France and its crew did an outstandig job. I'm looking forward to fly with them again.
  I booked the flight 4-5 months before and I was able to confirm the seats and have my family (2 small kids, my wife and myself) together on J and H seats. No issues on the flight from Seattle to Paris. On the flight back I attempted to make the online check-in 30 hrs before the flight as recommended by Air France. The seats that I had confirmed initially when I bought the tickets were available, but now I wasn't able to book those seats without paying $59/seat. I attempted to talk with the Air France agent when we checked-in explaining that now I have the family in different places, not at least 2 seats together. The agent said from the beginning that he won't be able to help because the plane was full but pretended for 10 minutes to look and "help". I told him that before heading to the airport I checked the website and there are empty seats on the economy side but same issue: $59/seat. He said that now there were no empty seats and he was struggling to accommodate us somehow, but there were no empty spots. Long story short, by the time we embarked there were many empty seats including those that the booked initially.
  Paris to Santiago de Chile. Air France old Business Class is a joke. A 7-across cabin (2-3-2) is the worst : this means you either climb over another passenger to access the aisle or someone else does it to you. The seat is ridiculously narrow and does not recline to a fully-horizontal position, which means that during the flight you slowly slide towards the lower side of the seat, being unable to sleep properly (especially in a 15 hours flight like CGD-SCL). The pitch is reduced as AF uses all the space available and - when flat - a good portion of your legs goes below the seat in front of you, reducing your chances to move. Food nothing special - which is a shame given France's tradition of good food, wine good and champagne really good. IFE not bad but with a reduced selection of international movies and a gigantic amount of French movies; amenities kit normal (although the look and feel of it is a bit cheap). And then we have to talk about the crew: after the first interactions with FAs it was clear that I did not speak French, well all FAs kept referring to me in French and changed to English only when I - again and again - advised them that I did not. This is something that has always happened in AF and I really fail to understand why, looks rude and actually is a rude attitude. I have been told the new business class is a long way ahead of the old, my advice is to avoid at all costs the old one (easily detectable in the aircraft map with a 2-3-2 configuration).
  The flight was delayed due to some issue with the luggage. All in all the flight was very good. It's when we arrived in New York to find out that our luggage was not on the plane. We found out after waiting for about 30 min watching the conveyor go round and round. Then we find out that there is a Air France person with a list of people whose luggage was not on the plane. First of all if they knew this, why didn't they call us out instead of making us wait. They tell us it is still in Paris and it will be on the next flight and delivered to our house the next day.  After several calls and agents that don't seem to know what is going on, all they could say is Sorry for this convenience. 2 days later we find the luggage was routed to Atlanta, then Albany NY. This is the 3rd day and still waiting to hear when it will be delivered. Air France failed big time with the handling and the communication with our luggage. 
  Really enjoyed this short flight from London to Paris CDG! The aircraft was looking new, flight departed on time, friendly cabin crews and nice Pain au Chocolat for breakfast was served for this 45 mins flight. Looking forward to fly with Air France in the future.
  Paris to Bremen, Air France still offers a convenient and reliable service. Outbound flight on-time, in Embraer 170 operated by subsidiary HOP. Comfortable seat with enough legroom, I like the 2x2 configuration. Usual offer of croissant and hot drinks. Inbound trip in a CityJet Avro RJ85. On the ground cabin incredibly hot and stuffy, fortunately it improved once in the air. Uncomfortable seat due to cramped legroom and minimal seat width. CityJet has a 3x3 configuration versus 2x3 on most airlines. Soft drinks and a tasty wrap were served. Cabin crew efficient and friendly, flight on-time. I like travelling through CDG Terminal 2G, as walking distance is minimal and luggage delivery very quick.
  After a long time and being French, I decided to give a chance to Air France. Unfortunately, this has been a disaster, they ruined our vacation. We came to Paris for 5 days, for the 60th birthday of my mother in law on a direct flight from Dubai. Air France succeed to lose the luggage of my wife, with all her clothes, gift etc.. Moreover, since yesterday I have been trying to call customer services to see where our luggage is, however I have been on hold twice for more than an hour and 15 min. This is unacceptable to have such bad service coming from a reputed airline company and no one is capable of giving you an answer.
  Ajaccio to Paris Orly. On Air France domestic flights seats are automatically assigned 30 hours before departure, whatever the price you pay. Usually you may change them on-line. In our case, we were a party of two, and were assigned separated seats at the very end of cabin. We did not succeed in changing them, as aircraft looked full. We called Air France (extra charge for phone calls); they argued they could not either change them because flight was empty and AF concern was aircraft balance. This did not justify couple separation. Very unuseful stress, that we could avoid on a LC paying a fee. We were compelled to arrive earlier at Airport, we queued at ticket counter, and they assigned seats on row #1.
  Toronto to Frankfurt via Paris. The experience was like going back in time, the plane clearly hadn't been renovated for a long time. The seat fabric was worn, my seat pocket was torn, and for in-flight entertainment there was only one of those primitive systems that runs a dozen or so movies in a loop, each on a separate channel. In-flight service was poor, with flight attendants consistently ignoring my call button. The food was considerably below average.
  Flew Air France from Paris CDG to Figari. A very pleasant flight indeed. 100% automatic checkin/tagging. No frills on board of course. We faced strong and long lasting turbulence and wind shear when landing, and were constantly informed by cockpit. Crew were very helpful to comfort nervous pax.
  Today's trip was a one-day return without any checked-in luggage flying from Amsterdam to Nantes. This trip was booked on the Air France website, however the outbound flight from Amsterdam to Nantes was operated by HOP!, a regional subsidiary from Air France. Since HOP! offers a basic, no frills service, neither in Amsterdam nor in Nantes I could use the Skypriority facilities, even though I have Flying Blue Elite Plus status. In fact this was not a big deal, Nantes Maritime Airport is very compact with virtually no lines for security and immigration. On both flights I could book myself on the Emergency exit rows with excellent leg space at no charge. Check in was done via the Air France App which is very user friendly. Both flights were the typical Air France short haul service, in the HOP! flight it was a coffee and a cookie (and a great smile!) and on the return AF Flight the service consisted of a pre-packed sandwich and a coffee, all totally fine for a 70min. flight. On both flights, which left and arrived in time and the service was friendly and personal. The only minus this day was that upon arrival in Nantes we had to wait about 15 minutes before a bus arrived to bring us from the remote stand to the terminalbuilding.
  Paris CDG to Sao Paulo. Checked in 1 night before and had the luggage already checked in too, a service that Air France offers from 16:30 to 20:30 h the day before the flight. Next morning went straight to X ray and to boarding gate. Boarding was a little confused, had to take a bus to where the aircraft was, bus the bus was full. But let me explain, this is a service of Airport de Paris, nothing related to Air France. Departure was 20 minutes delayed. The Boeing 777-200 aircraft configuration is two classes, no first class, 16 seats in business class.  Nice food, really nice beverages, the service is attentive but not insistent. The seat reclines 180°, nice pillow and blankets. Configuration of cabin is 2x3x2. Arrival 10 minutes late. Would definitely fly Air France again.
  Manchester to Barcelona via Paris CDG. We are travelling on 12th August 2017. In trying to get a 'golf buggy' organised to help transfer my visually impaired husband from an arrival to a departure is worse than pulling teeth. Air France say it is the responsibility of the airport, and the airport say it is the responsibility of Air France. We just keep getting batted from one to the other. We have one hour to make this connection - not our decision. It is the times we were given when the flights were booked. All they can offer is a wheelchair. This is the worse thing to offer to a visually impaired person. People need to understand the difficulties faced by visually impaired people. I suggest that they do some training in order to understand their needs. Why won't someone just help us out? I just hope that people don't get in the way as we try to reach our connecting flight. We experienced the same two years ago at Frankfurt Airport as the first flight arrived late and we struggled to get through customs in time for our connecting flight. Mind you the compensation they paid out came in useful! But it shouldn't be necessary if someone would just give us some basic help.
  Los Angeles to Paris CDG in First Class, connecting to Barcelona in Business class. It lived up to expectations and the service was overall excellent. Arrived at LAX and was escorted through security which took about 3 minutes by a member of the dedicated La Premiere staff. AF uses Qantas first class lounge at LAX which was very nice though totally empty at the time departure- food selection was overall very good with great choice of spirits. I was escorted to the aircraft and onboard the service was excellent. The seat is enormous, 4 windows long with a beautiful screen fabric. There were two staff for 4 pax which mean service was very personal with the crew stating they would take excellent care of you. The food out of LAX was very good (dessert the most delicious tart I have ever tasted!) but entrees could have used a bit more imagination and breakfast was a bit weak. Service was superb and the bed was wonderful (slept 6 hours straight) with Krug champagne. On arrival at CDG was personally met and driven to first class lounge. To say the service was good here would be an understatement. The food was spectacular and on par with a Michelin star restaurant. Was then driven to connecting flight where the crew greeted me by name. Return flight was equally as good with food better out of Paris the foie gras risotto was unbelieveable. I was met on arrival and taken through border control and to my onward flight in terminal 7. Overall this was an outstanding product. Only negative I would say is that the service out of Barcelona was weak and luggage took forever in BCN. Would definitely fly them again.
  Johannesburg to Paris. The poor quality of food really disappointed us. The food and service of the French airline which would be assumed to be good in food was the worst. We told that flight attendant about a poor cheesecake dish while she was picking up the trays, and she just showed us a surprised face.
  Uneventful and convenient flight from Florence to Paris CDG with Air France. The flight was on time, the service is friendly and attentive. A decent snack is included in the price. I have taken Air France quite often in the last years, and I was rarely disappointed. They are among the best European airlines in terms of service and comfort.
  Paris to Montreal. Both ways I ordered a gluten free meal and what I got was terrible. This was Paris to Montreal and return Toronto to Paris. Gluten free doesn't  mean dairy free, vegetables free, meat free. What I was served was rice + chick peas, rice bread, some combination of black & brown beans - no salad, vegetables cheese or meat. The stewardess on told me that I could complain to the airline company but did not offer me something else. A company that prides itself on gourmet meals and has no knowledge of nutrition should be ashamed. 
  Bordeaux to Florence via Lyons. Check-in through Air France app. English version available. Easy to check-in on mobile and boarding pass can be stored on Wallets on iPhone/iPod touch. Check-in at airport for luggage drop off is easy. Boarding is really slow. Only one person at the counter and no announcement is made and not even in English. The queue to board the aircraft is long too. Flight attendant is friendly. For a short haul flight went around with light snacks and beverages. Leather seat is comfortable with sufficient leg room. No USB charging port on both sectors. However, its bilingual (English and French) inflight magazine, Magazine, is thick enough to keep passengers occupied/entertained. Flight from Lyon to Florence is on an ATR-72. Even operated by HOP!, a subsidiary of Air France, the two cabin crew has the sweetest smile compared to Air France cabin crew.
 Great flight from London to Paris. Brand new Boeing 787 aircraft with the very comfortable and beautiful new cabin from Air France. Very short flight (only 45 mins) so the friendly flight attendant only served a croissant and hot beverages. The flight departed on time and the journey was very pleasant. Will definitely fly again with Air France.
  Paris to Rome. I have recently been flying with Air France in Europe on a relatively regular basis, and I am so far very satisfied of the service offered. On my recent flight from Paris to Rome I was offered complimentary newspaper in the terminal waiting area, a wet serviette upon boarding and a sandwich, wine and tea/coffee during the flight. The crew spoke French, Italian and English and the captain was very talkative and mentioned cities and sights we overflew. All in all, a very friendly crew and a pleasant flight compared to the usual dreary experience in European short-haul economy.
 Dublin to Singapore via CDG return with Air France. Great service on the business class leg from Dublin to Paris. The La Première (first class) leg from Paris CDG to Singapore was impeccable. Greeted as I left the plane in CDG and taken by limousine to the First class lounge. The hostess was very attentive and friendly. Great food and quiet place to wait for the flight. Taken by limousine again to board the first class cabin. Service on board top notch. The stewardess could anticipate what I needed and I never needed to ask for anything. Excellent seat and a curtain to give more privacy if needed. Greeted on arrival in Singapore my luggage was already waiting when I cleared immigration. Return flight equally top class. Access into the exclusive Jetquay lounge in the CIP terminal in Changi Airport. All details taken care off and able to clear immigration at this terminal before taken on a buggy to board the plane. Again service on board was perfect. Only small things need some improvement. Service on the ground in Dublin was nowhere near the La Première expérience in CDG and Changi. Lounge in Dublin quite poor. Not even greeted with eye contact when I got into the lounge in Dublin. Poor choice of food. On the return leg it took nearly an hour for my luggage to be delivered in Dublin. The jetquay lounge in Changi was impressive but the food selection not that great. In summary La Première with Air France is the best first class experience I have ever had. Air France is certainly able to deliver a truly amazing First class experience. If I wanted to be critical the only thing I can say is the menu could include local Singaporean dishes such as satay and nasi lemak. WiFi was available on the CDG to Singapore leg but not on the return flight.
 Very good flights with Air France, both from Dublin to Paris and Paris to Sao Paulo. Small delay on long flight but they made it up on arrival to Sao Paulo. Airline staff very good and attentive during this very full 11+ flight. IFE was quite good and new content had been added since my last flight to the US, which was appreciated, as on previous trips, they hadn't added too many. But they seem to be taking advice from their customers with new content more regular.
  Paris to Bangkok. The Boeing 777 was a bit old without the new cabin. However the service was good, friendly cabin crews and great entertainment during this long flight. I flew many times with Air France and the food is usually better than on this flight. Will definitely recommend Air France.
  Air France did a horrible job anticipating then organizing a simple flight from Florence to CDG Paris on the morning of June 29th. It ended up with extreme frustration, missed flights, delays and huge economic inconvenience for our family. On the day of flight, there was an earlier AF flight that suffered mechanical problems and was delayed at 7:45. We should have been notified then (as they have our email from night before to issue boarding passes) but instead they had all passengers check in for a subsequent flight at 10:00 and wait for a bus to Bologna to transport both groups. The problem became compounded when the buses were delayed by an hour and made worse by the airport security who wasted 45 min sitting in front of an electronic gate that no one seemed able to operated so all buses could leave airport. While the planes to take us sat awaiting for 4 hours, the passengers went through security again before boarding a flight scheduled to leave Bologna at 12:00. Our flight from Paris to Los Angeles still could have been made but were were again delayed at Bologna for more than two hours. Ultimately we arrived in Paris 5 hours after our anticipated arrival and missed our connecting flight home. That flight was not Air France so it was not their issue to resolve. We struggled to find nearby hotel for night and an alternate flight home. We had paid tickets home on June 29th but were forced to purchase new flights home on Air Tahiti in addition to hotel lodging.
  New York to Mumbai via Paris CDG. A very good flight from Paris to Mumbai. Cheap price, lands well ahead of time and the in-flight movie collection is great. Even the air conditioning is very good. Delta operated the first flight and they did a very good job too. The only issue is landing in Paris but the airport itself is very good.
  Washington to Saint Petersburg via Paris CDG. The airline got us from point A to point B but not without some trouble. The lines at Washington were very long. It took about 30 minutes to drop off our bags even though we checked in online and were at Washington nearly 3 hours before departure. The flight to Paris CDG was late and made us miss our connection to Saint Petersburg. That made us miss our train to the final point (the last one that night) and required us to purchase hotel stay and overall extended the trip by over 12 hours. This should not happen when both flights are operated by the same airline.
  Paris to Dubai. Boeing 777-200ER used looked pretty old but inside refit had been carried out so overall quite pleasant. Staff were pleasant, always polite and efficient which did surprise me as Air France had issues with this before. Food was above average but again the quality could have been better. Good selection of drinks. Overall very satisfied but seat space is a real issue in economy. Disappointed with check in process though
 I had quite low expectations for my first trip with Air France, and wasn't really looking forward to the experience, especially for such a long trip. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Ground service in Tokyo was great, with delightful ground staff. The overnight flight from Tokyo to Paris was great; the crew were all very cheerful, polite and friendly and the service was good. The food was enjoyable, and I loved the fact that they serve a glass of Champagne as an aperitif in Economy Class. The IFE was excellent - a huge selection of art-house and independent films. Seat configuration a bit cramped with a 3-4-3 layout, but it was bearable. For my next leg, from Paris to Freetown, I got upgraded to Premium Economy and was thankful for this; the economy class on the dated A340 looked very cramped and was filthy by the end of the 6 hour flight. The plane was 1.5 hours late departing CDG. There was dinner after take-off and ice-cream before landing and the food was good. The IFE was limited and the picture quality was poor; in economy class the screens were tiny. Staff were more perfunctory than the pervious flight, but pleasant enough. I think the main thing to improve on both flights would be the service of drinks; having pre-dinner drinks would be nice, or just providing more regular drinks services throughout the flight; the drinks trolley only came through with the meals and I was not aware of any other drink services. Overall, two good flights.
  I flew with Air France Sofia to Paris return for a short business trip. I was pleasantly surprised that they have started serving hot meals (comparing to a flight a took with them again to Paris in May last year). The overall experience is satisfying for the price, especially considering the aircrew service . It should also be pointed out that both flights were right on time without any delay.
 Cabin crew took care of me from Prague to Paris CDG and they were speaking very well English. Gate agent has kindly provided me my luggage tag number. I would probably continue to fly with Air France. Next trip will be through Amsterdam to Bordeaux and I hope it will be fine. I've never been there but I'm optimistic. Recommendation: I will definitely appreciate if they can change the coffee offered on board.
  Flew Air France from Paris CDG - Cancun. Departure lunch time. Lunch was served with no choice offered and no announcement of the dish being served. No drink service for the whole flight. You need to self-serve for a glass of water which is outrageous on a long flight. The IFE had a very limited choice of movies. The meal being served upon landing was a breakfast, which did not correspond to the European time zone nor the Mexican one. It seems like the airline was dumping its excess breakfast served on the previous flight. Flight attendants, nowhere to be seen and barely doing their job. No trash collection during the whole flight. All in all, Air France's offering has been moving downward year after year and nothing is being done about it. Food is of poor quality and the inflight service is at an all time low. KLM is now way above Air France. A very dissapointing flight given the price paid.
  Air France was absolutely splendid. Flew from Vancouver to Munich via Paris. We had no issues, they made this long travel time a breeze. The food was great, seats were comfortable. Moreover, when anxiety got the best of me due to an airport issue in Paris, the Air France ladies took me in and took care of me until I was able to calm down. It helped my panic attack immensely and at that point they did not even known that we were flying with them. Offered us seats and water etc. Cannot thank them enough.
 This was my first time flying Air France long haul. Everything (absolutely everything) went above my expectations for my flight from Hong Kong to Kiev via Paris CDG. I'm a very frequent traveler, so I know what to expect, but again, they pleasantly surprised me at every stage of travel. I don't review the booking process as I booked at klm.com where everything worked fine. The small issue was when buying online a la carte meal option (didn't work in Safari browser) I had to make in Chrome. Then I had trouble with paid seat option: seat of my choice disappeared from my booking. Contacted them via Facebook and got it done in 30 minutes. Perfect! In town check in in Hong Kong worked fine. At the airport boarding was done in perfect order. On the plane, I found seating quite satisfactory despite it being 10 in row (I booked Duo set at the back). Padding was comfortable, and recline was enough to seat in relaxed position (I'm 186 cm tall). Entertainment options were amazing with lots of documentary and arthouse. Dining was fine. My a la carte order was delivered without noticing. All the crew were nice and very effective despite full flight and lots of Chinese customers who required lot of translation services. Toilets kept clean and stocked. Cabin had fresh look and didn't feel claustrophobic even with such a tight layout. Breakfast served was good. Departure and arrival on time. My bag made the connection. No problem with transfer within CDG 2E from gates L to gates K by train via fast security search. My next flight to Kiev was bang on time. European flight seating comfort is only good when you purchase exit row seat. Otherwise it is not good even in business cabin. Food was good again with full bar service. I do recommend them highly for long haul travel. For short flights I recommend allow at least 3 hrs for smooth transfer at CDG and exit row seating only.
  Delayed at stop off in Africa and was on the ground in the plane for over 3 hrs. No food or water was offered to any passengers. No info was briefed on why the delay. The worst flight I have ever been on, unfriendly staff, leading to almost missing connecting flight in France. Managed to get connecting flight but baggage never made it. Got back to UK and told air France that I needed my baggage the next day as I was due to fly again 2 days after landing. I had a text from them saying they would only deliver baggage a day after I am due to fly. Called up to challenge delivery time and the staff member in the baggage department was the most unhelpful, rude person. All in all. I would recommend staying as far away from Air France. Still don't have my bags or an answer on when I'm getting them.
 After arriving via an A380 and a really unpleasant transit of CDG, we connected with our flight to Barcelona on an Air France A320. This is quite a contrast with regard to business class seating which on the A320 has the same pitch as economy class with the middle seat in a row of three left unoccupied. Seating felt cramped despite the supposed 32" seat pitch - it felt tighter than that. Seat width was fine. While being less roomy, the Air France business class in Europe does provide a much nicer food service than typically provided on flights in the United States. On United on a two hour flight I received coffee and a muffin. On American on a two hour flight I received some warm nuts and a cookie. Air France, on a one hour, twenty minute flight, provided a full meal - shrimp appetizer, mini burger, grilled vegetables, hazelnut cake, panna cotta and beverages. Quite a different experience. Service was pleasant and professional. I would have preferred a bit more space but the experience with Air France was fine.
 Great experience on this Air France flight from New York JFK to Paris CDG. Business Class seating comfortable and IFE was fine and included tail and nose cameras. Service was fine - pleasant and professional. The A380 is a pretty amazing plane - very comfortable and quiet. I do not sleep well when flying and did not make use of the lie flat seat but felt fine and not jet lagged at all when we arrived at CDG.
 We recently travelled with Air France from Paris to Havana in Premium Economy and the flight was excellent from boarding to getting off. There were only 5 people in the cabin so the crew had plenty of time to attend to us and they were friendly. Seat comfort was fine and champagne, wines and foods were fairly good. Flight was on time and was smooth.
  Sao Paulo to Paris. Check in fast and efficient. Boarding and departure on time. The business cabin and seat were very comfortable, full flat bed, service was of a very good standard. Lie flat seat was comfortable, with a nice duvet and a small pillow. Some turbulence during the flight. Arrival was on time. I recommend Air France for future flights .
  Dusseldorf to Miami via Paris. Check in Dusseldorf quick, plane to CDG was an Embraer (HOP!), flight was completely full and the service on board was good. Coffee and sandwich as dinner. CDG to Miami was a Boeing 777-300 ER in the beautiful Skyteam colours. Flight left on time and was full. Service onboard was good. Friendly crew and the food was delicious. I would definitely fly Air France again!
  Lima to Paris. Very poor. Online check in wasn't possible from Lima. Enquiries to customer services were dealt with in an unsatisfactory way. The seats on the plane were uncomfortable. Cabin crew didn't seem to take their job very seriously. The safety talk at the beginning did not seem to be done properly (didn't seem to be enough staff to do both sides of the plane). Food was okay. Luggage was transitted no problem. In flight entertainment was dated and didnt work, old fashioned screens in economy.
  Singapore to Toulouse via Paris. We booked our yearly flight to France through Air France this requiring Singapore Airlines to take us on the first leg from Perth to Singapore. As we left the Singapore flight we were met at the aircraft door and taken in a motorised vehicle from Terminal 3 to Terminal 1 to board the Air France flight. We were taken to the First Class Lounge and when boarding was to take place we were again driven to the gate lounge where we were escorted to the front of the security queue. We quickly cleared security and were escorted to our seats 1E/F. The service we received on board was better than we have ever received with any other airline. The seat transformed into a wide and long full flat very comfortable bed. On reaching Paris (DG we left the plane and were guided via a secured doorway to a waiting limousine whereupon we passed through "private" security and immigration. We were the only people there - this process taking about 3 minutes. After being escorted to the First Class lounge where we waited we were picked up by limousine just before take-off of the Toulouse flight and driven to the waiting aircraft - again bypassing all the queues. What we appreciated more than anything else was being expertly guided through all the airports and at each stage being advised that our checked in bags had been located and were confirmed as being on the flight with us (a relief because we have previously lost bags on other airlines). We don't particularly like Airports and flying but if you have to do it, this Air France experience well exceeded our expectations - absolutely superb!
  Newcastle to San Francisco via Paris. Really impressed. The A380 is a great aircraft and we really enjoyed our flight. The cabin was not ultra modern and maybe in need of a refresh soon but it was clean and comfortable. We loved our seats in row 93 and no one behind us so we could recline. Service was punctual we were offered an aperitif with a snack and you could have champagne, the meal service was good with plenty of food. There was snacks and soft drinks in the galley where you could help yourself. Another meal was served before landing. Entertainment was a little outdated but it served a purpose. Loved the big storage boxes on the side of our seat as we were on the upper deck. Very comfortable flight. The crew were helpful and friendly.
  Copenhagen to Paris. Nice clean airplane. Comfertable seats with adequate leg room (I am 179cm long). Seats are locked in upright position - ok for a short flight (<2h). Nice service onboard with complementary drink and snacks. Flight according to schedule, and very helpful personell while boarding as many passangers travelled with large handluggage. Overall a nice experience!
  Paris CDG to Atlanta in first row of Economy on aisle. This seat is a little narrower with the tray table and entertainment console stowed in armrest area. The flight crew were friendly and attentive which always makes the flight more enjoyable. The seat cushion was firm which for a longer flight requires the addition of a few layers of blankets to make bearable. I'm 6'2" and enjoyed the extra couple inches of space this seat offered. Took advantage of the Air France Press app on phone to download some magazines and newspapers to read. The Entertainment system offered a wide selection of movies to enjoy. Champagne and Wine is included for economy customers also. I had the included meal on the way to CDG and it was good overall. Decided to try the A La Carte Traditional Meal on the CDG to ATL flight which was slightly better than regular meal served. But the chocolate soufflé was outstanding in the A la carte meal. Any advice would be for the other economy seats on this long haul flight have a seat pitch too small for most average sized passengers these days. The airlines need to understand their passengers are human and effected by psychological factors such as Proxemics when crammed in area where we feel others are invading our personal space but just reclining.
  Los Angeles to Amman via Paris. They changed our departure flight without informing us, causing us to lose our seats that I upgraded. The plane was awful. I have never sat in such a crammed seat. The seat plus chairs that cost 75$ extra we're only mildly better, giving maybe two more inches of foot space. They told me to purchase additional checked in baggage online so I could receive a discount but the website and app both don't allow any baggage options to be purchased online-what? Then why tell me to purchase online. I opened a flying Blue card with them because I was supposed to get an additional discount on my extra checked in baggage, but I can't even use that, as you can online get that discount when you buy online - then maybe they should change their online service and allow those purchases online. I've have the worst experience​ on the phone with the customer service reps. Ive had the worst experience online with their website. I don't have issues with technology, but their app is the glitchiest I've seen. Not user friendly. Can't imagine someone like my mother or grandmother trying to use it. I will never fly with them again.
  Flew from Osaka to Paris. I upgraded at check in for an additional fee after a particularly poor Premium Economy outbound experience. This couldn't have been better! The cabin and seat were so comfortable, service was of a very high standard with a lovely crew, plenty to eat and drink and all of a really high quality. Lie flat seat was amazingly comfortable, with a nice duvet and pillow and the amenity kit was stuffed with Clarins products. Lounge in Osaka was very nice, in CDG was a bit worn but was needed with a long layover.
  Really poor service flying from Paris to Tokyo. I found Premium Economy on Air France to be very disappointing. We paid approximately €200 of a premium each way for this cabin. The seats (which are well reported in other reviews) are uncomfortable as expected. The service is 100% Economy with no additional extras. Your meal is slightly better, but I still thought the food was pretty horrible. I felt ignored by the crew. Having experienced PE on Cathay Pacific and Air New Zealand it seems vastly under-serviced. I complained to Air France about a week ago and still have had no acknowledgement. I was so highly disappointed I paid for an upgrade to Business as I couldn't face that seat and horrible food! Nice amenity kit though and Priority for check in and security was a blessing.
  I took my family on vacation to Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. Flying via Paris to Punta Cana. The flight from Paris to Punta Cana was really dissapointing. The overall quality and comfort has decreased. The plane seems to be worn down. The Entertaiment system was not up to date and malfunctioned a number of times. On long haul flights you will normally have a drink served before the meal, but here was no drinks. There was no choice of meals. On the return flight to Paris overnight they served a breakfast meal, but it was really minimal. Three slices of fruit, a tiny roll and a piece of cake. The comfort of the seats were bad. The absolut minimum seat pitch. It is the last we are flying long haul with Air France.


 I'm used to fly with Air France as it is my home airline. But over the past years, the level of service has critically decreased. I was very disappointed by the food served during my Singapore to Paris flight last night (worst one I've ever had for both meals) and by the discomfort of the seats (which appeared to be relatively new though). In comparison, the Phuket to Singapore 2-hours journey was pleasant, with decent food and very comfortable seats (operated by Silkair). I was also very confused by the inflight safety video which is, I assume, meant to be funny and to show typical French clichés (fashion, style) but it was barely understandable for my partner (a non-French speaker) because of the strong accent of the presenter. It's not the first time I see it, but this time I realized how bad it was as some people around me simply didn't understand what the hostess was saying. I used to have the Gold status, but despite the 30+ flights I took with them in 2016, I lost it. I understand they have financial issues, but treating their loyal customer like this, by lowering the level of service so much, won't make them earn more money. On national flights, I've been positively surprised by the service provided by low-cost companies lately. Air France has gone so far that I will pay less and flight with these companies for short journeys, instead of flying with them and not getting any value for money.
  Short-haul trips in Europe tend to be pretty drab, but I was pleasantly surprised by Air France after quite a few years I hadn't flown with them. In a moment where all airlines seem to be cutting back on passenger space and service, especially in economy, it is nice to see an airline going the other way. Flew from Stockholm to Paris. At check-in there was a manned desk for checking in and bag drop (while airlines such as Norwegian or SAS in Stockholm force you to use the self-check in kiosks and bag drops). The plane had been recently refurbished. A wet tissue was offered upon entering and a warm meal with dessert, choice of alcoholic or non-alcoholic drink and tea/coffee was served. A second pass of drinks was then offered. The service was carried out efficiently but without rushing the meal. Overall one of the best european short-haul flights I have taken in recent years.
  Florence to St Petersburg via Paris. They denied me my Elite status in Skyteam but this probably is the less. OnLine check in is as the low cost companies, because everything is by an additional payment, but the fare is classic and not light. Do you want a "comfort seat" in front of the airplane, pay! For two time, in flight between FLR to CDG and in the second CDG to LED I found the food horriblee, but not as bad as KLM in return flight. 
  Paris to Tel Aviv. Seat comfort not the best due to limited space between seats. Since flight time is over four hours it is not so pleasant to have limited space. I had ordered a gluten free meal well in advance, but a member of staff came and told me that there only was one gluten free meal available, and two persons had ordered it. I was asked if I could eat an ordinary meal, but was also told that they also would ask the other person. After a while I was told that the other person accepted to take a kosher meal instead. When I got my meal I saw that it wasn't gluten free, but kosher. I told the staff, and they apologised for giving me the wrong meal. When I received the correct one, I had to wait 30 minutes before I got something to drink. Wine was good however. Even though they made some mistakes, the staff seemed to enjoy their work and seemed pleasant.
  Paris CDG to Dusseldorf. The plane was leased from WDL Aviation. Biggest plus was the leg room. The plane not being full added to the comfort, because the middle seat was free. Attentive crew pointed passengers to empty rows for more comfort. Apart from that we got a drink and a tasty snack. On time boarding but despite that we landed 10 mins late in DUS. Paid 58 euros. All in all a very good choice.
  Flew from Warsaw to Paris CDG. Air France service was terrible from the booking process to arrival. The company's website did not work, I had requested particular seats because as a family we wanted to be next to each other but they were unable to allocate them because there is no option to book a seat before the last 24 hours. The flight was 1 hour 30 minutes late (vs a 2 hour flight). AF staff did not help us one bit and did not look happy to have children onboard. At the end of the flight, 2 stewardesses stared at us crossing arms while we were packing our things up and dressing our twin babies and three year old son without offering any help. Low cost carriers far better value and services, adieu Air France.
  Air France from Paris CDG to New York JFK, Business Class , A380-800, seat 67A This is a mammoth jet and business class seats are in the old side by side style (i.e. no privacy). It’s kind of awkward sleeping next to a stranger and climbing over to get up. Still, the set up is quite roomy. If you travel with all sorts of small carry-ons, as I do, get a window seat which has it’s own storage bin next to it. The food was almost uniformly very good. Foie gras, salmon tartare… Unfortunately, the duck was grossly overcooked and swam, very unattractively, in a sea of orange something (it actually tasted good, but was about as appetizing as baby food). The service was extraordinary!
  Air France from New York JFK to Paris CDG, seat 4A Business Class, Boeing 777-200ER, V.2 I think. Perfect just about sums it up. Starting with the Sky Priority designated checking, security and boarding lines. In the lounge, Clarins Spa offers a free facial. Sign up as soon as you get there as there is a wait. The JFK lounge is not special but it will do. Just okay food, lots of liquor. This is one of the jets with private apartments. I always choose a single window cocoon. The bed was quite comfortable and I had a great sleep. Good movie selection, good service, decent food (it’s always better on the Paris-JFK route), great wine.
  Stuttgart to Toronto via Paris. Included in the bill for the fare was the reservation fee for 2 seats. When my passport data was requested in the week before the flight, one of the seats was not listed anymore. I had to book that seat and pay again by phone but was assured to get a refund. Starting in November 2016, I repeatedly applied for this refund, adding proof of confirmation and payments. Until today, these proofs have been ignored and a refund denied stating that no booking or can be found and the payments were correct. In addition, my connecting flight from Toronto to London was cancelled due to bad weather and, unless I wanted to spend the night in Toronto at my own expense, I joined with 2 other stranded passengers to rent a car to get to London. Although I booked and paid the flight with Air France, it referred me to Air Canada which denied my request for compensation and a refund of that leg of the flight. Air France totally ignored my request for a refund and, of course, also denied compensation.

  I flew London Heathrow to Paris Charles de Gaulle with Air France on the new Boeing 787. This aircraft is being used on one of the daily rotations between the cities. We left 20 minutes late but arrived on time. Full IFE, which I did not use for this short trip. It's worth noting that unlike British Airways penny pinching, Air France still give hot drinks, water and a snack free. Crew very good.
  Salvador da Bahia to Dublin via Rio de Janeiro and Paris. SSA-GIG-CDG-DUB. Flight from Salvador da Bahia operated by Skyteam partner Gol. Rio to Paris on brand new Boeing 777-300, reasonable pitch and friendly, professional crew. Dinner and breakfast served, both of which were pretty basic - I have had better on intercontinental flights in economy. In flight entertainment system offered a reasonable selection of content in a variety of languages. In seat power and USB ports were also a nice addition. Paris to Dublin operated by Cityjet for Air France. RJ85 was showing its age but again the crew was professional and a light snack was served. Transit at CDG was (surprisingly) painless, although food options are very limited in Terminal 2E.
  Paris CDG to Madrid, early morning flight in economy class. CDG Airport was not that busy for check in or security which made such a difference. AF lounge was nice, great coffee and fabulous fresh croissants - best of any airline lounge! Boarding quick, staff onboard were very friendly, very charming and the opposite of what many say about AF cabin staff. Hope return tomorrow is equally as good, since this is so much better than some other major European airlines.
  Seoul to Birmingham via Paris. Check in started badly as none of the self service kiosk worked. Korean Air attendant handling Air France flights was very strict about not checking in passengers who do not travel in the particular class the counter is destined for. She explained that it has something to do with not having the proper luggage stickers but when I told her I didn't have check in luggage, she still asked me to rejoin the Skypriority queue. Immigration and Security checks in Incheon rivals that of Beijing - long, slow and very inefficient. Air France uses the Korean Air lounge in the satellite and it is just a waiting area with worn seats, dirty tables and bare minimum of stale refreshment. The whole Incheon Airport feels like a wet market with airport staff of different airlines screaming out loudly 'last call for this destination and final call for that destination' on top of nonstop announcements from the loudspeakers. The Air France flight was delayed for 40 minutes but boarding was orderly. A surprise to see Air France's upgraded business class. The new seat is the same as those used by Cathay Pacific or China Airlines but there are several slight differences - the entertainment system is newer although movie and TV selection still pales comparing to its Asian competitors, the seat does not have a step at the base which is more comfortable, the earphone compartment is bigger which is more convenient for storing personal items. However, the amenities Air France provides is few - toilets not cleaned, AF still give out flimsy blankets and the so called sleep bag has little content other than a tooth brush, earplugs and eye shades. Crew are efficient and attentive. Both meals were of good quality and quantity. Although the flight arrived 20 minutes late in Paris, connection to the Birmingham flight was easy as it departed from the same satellite of Terminal 2E. The short Paris - Birmingham flight turned out to be a Flybe flight and it was uneventful. This is where Air France could have done better by informing passengers at ticket purchase that only economy class is available for that flight instead of printing the AF flight number and Business class - J on the e-ticket only to have passengers found out otherwise at check in.
  Marseille to Paris. The flight was canceled at the last moment. They say to us that the chief purser was absent. We waited 2 hours with no solution with a very unpleasant Air France ground hostess. Finally we missed our long-haul flight, we had to add 600EUR for having the following day flight. We paid an hotel for the night. We missed our first holiday hotel without refund, same for the car renting. Air France never answer to our compensation claim, never apologized, it's a shame.
  Overall, a decent experience with Air France travelling back home from Paris to Bogota. Flying on an A340, the economy class seats were very uncomfortable and the tv screens were outdated compared to other airlines, but aside from that, I had an enjoyable flight. The food we received was delicious and there was enough in flight entertainment to get me trough the 11 hour flight.
  Flew Air France from London Heathrow to Cape Town via Paris. As an ex-cabin crew member of the 70's vintage, I am hypercritical of the service onboard which ever airline I travel with. I was most impressed with most aspects of the flight - my first with this airline. The senior cabin crew manager was charming and helpful in the extreme, moving me to a vacant seat that had much more legroom, and also offered me his personal gadget that enabled me to charge my iPad. The seat was just ok, however, as other reviewers have mentioned. The people who introduced this new seat should get James Dyson, the British vacuum designer, to have a look as it, as it is not comfortable. Plenty of pillows did help though. I am returning in Business Class, so will report on that in a couple of weeks time. Incidentally, the transit at CDG airport was seamless, and my suitcase was waiting for me on arrival. Well done Air France.


  Panama City to Rome via Paris CDG. I bought my ticket in Economy Class but when I went to the counter to the Baggage check-in I got an upgrade to Premium Economy and it was pretty good. We boarded the plane prior to economy class (Sky priority benefit), and they received us with wine and some peanuts. About an hour after we took off we had dinner and was pretty fine, and drinks were according with the food. The service was good, but some flight attendants were not very friendly. About the seat, well, Premium Economy seats aren't so comfy, at least in my case. In fact, I arrived in Paris with a terrible back hurt. Air France should do a little more comfortable seats for Premium Economy , the seat is the only complaint I have about the flight.
 Hong Kong to Paris. Air France prices are way over the top and simply not justified. First Class cabin on A380 is on lower level of plane by entrance of plane so draughty and passengers from other classes passing through cabin. Seats are OK but the pop up screen for in-flight entertainment was small and totally archaic. Food really nothing special (should be one area where AF could excel - cheese selection was pathetic) and no first class treats like caviar. Good wines but white wine arrived as I was finishing my starter - only 4 people in cabin. Cabin crew not very professional - seemed to spend a lot of time just talking to each other. Air France needs a wake up call as it is surpassed in cabin quality, food, service by virtually every other airline flying between Asia and Europe. So far behind Emirates, Qatar etc - it is almost embarrassing.
  Air France was a terrible experience. We have a Madrid to Washington DC flight with stopover at Paris CDG, the worst organized in Europe. When we are checking in we are told that one of the hand luggage, typical Samsonite that meets all the measurements to take it on the plane, we cannot take it with us and we have to check it. So we ended up charging the 2 big suitcases and a small one. We landed in Paris about 12:20. At that same moment the passengers of the flight that has to take us to Washington DC begin to embark, since the flight leaves at 13:15. To catch the flight we have to: Exit the plane, pass the passport control where we find a queue of about 200 people that we have to jump, change terminal with a bus and then arrive at the boarding gate. We ended up catching the flight only because it was delayed for almost an hour, that saves us. We arrived in Washington DC and the PA calls me and my wife. We are informed that our suitcases have stayed in Paris and that they will come the next day at 20:00. What seems to me most outrageous about this issue is that they offer you a flight with a connection where you have about 50 minutes to do all the running around possible to catch it and they take for granted that they do not have time to change the plane bags. The next day we stayed home to pick up the bags at the indicated time, 20:00 -  the bags do not arrive and we decided to call Air France. An agent tells us that only 2 suitcases come and that the other is still in Paris, and tells us that the suitcases arrived at 6 in the morning instead of the promised time. We go to bed and at 2 in the morning they call us, we do not know the number and it turns out that there is a van out of the house with a suspicious look, we imagine they are the suitcases. I change in a hurry to go and meet them and at that moment the van starts, my wife yells at the window and we get the guy to stop.  We have not yet received any apology from Air France, which has offered us a truly regrettable service. Take great care with Air France!  Air France, terrible experiencia!! Llegamos al aeropuerto mi mujer y yo. Tenemos un vuelo Madrid – Washington DC con escala en el aeropuerto de Charles de Gaulle de París, el peor organizado de Europa. Cuando estamos facturando nos dicen que una de las maletas de mano, típica Samsonite que cumple con todas las medidas para llevarla en el avión, no la podemos llevar con nosotros y la tenemos que facturar. Por tanto acabamos facturando las 2 maletas grandes y una pequeña. Aterrizamos en París sobre las 12:20. En ese mismo instante los pasajeros del vuelo que nos tiene que llevar a Washington DC empiezan a embarcar, ya que el vuelo sale a la 13:15. Para coger el vuelo tenemos que: Salir del avión, pasar el control de pasaportes donde nos encontramos con una cola de unas 200 personas que nos tenemos que saltar, cambiar de terminal con un autobús y luego llegar a la puerta de embarque. Acabamos cogiendo el vuelo de milagro y porque éste se retrasará casi una hora, eso nos salva. Llegamos a Washington DC y por la megafonía nos llaman a mi mujer y a mí. Nos comunican que nuestras maletas se han quedado en París y que vienen al día siguiente a las 20:00. Lo que me parece más indignante de este asunto es que ellos te ofrecen un vuelo con una conexión donde realmente tienes unos 50 minutos para hacer todas las virguerías posibles para cogerlo y ellos dan por hecho que no tienen tiempo de cambiar las maletas de avión, que es una gestión mucho mas rapida y directa que la que tiene que hacer un pasajero. Al día siguiente nos quedamos en casa para recoger las maletas a la hora indicada, las 20:00. Pasa una hora, dos, las maletas no llegan y decidimos llamar a AirFrance. Un agente nos indica que de las 3 maletas sólo vienen 2 y que la otra sigue en París, además nos dice que las maletas llegaran a las 6 de la mañana en lugar de la hora prometida. Por si fuera poco la información que nos da sobre las maletas no se corresponde con la que ofrecen en la web. Nos vamos a acostar y a las 2 de la mañana nos llaman, no conocemos el número y resulta que hay una furgoneta fuera de casa con una pinta sospechosa, nos imaginamos que son las maletas. Me cambio a toda prisa para bajar y en ese momento la furgoneta arranca, mi mujer le grita desde la ventana y conseguimos que el tipo se detenga no se pire con las maletas. La tercera en cuestión la recibimos dos días después. Todavía no hemos recibido ninguna disculpa por parte de la compañía, que nos ha ofrecido un servicio realmente lamentable. Gracias por leer y mucho cuidado con Air France!!
  Bangkok to Paris CDG. Flight was delayed nearly one hour on outward leg and 30 mins on return. I am tall and had no space for my legs, very tiny if compared with other airlines. Flight attendants do the minimum job, not even giving water during the flight - when you seat on window seat its always hard to ask the others to move just to go and catch a glass of water. No choice for food, its either chicken or chicken, very basic but that's fine, this is economy. I took Air France for the price and direct flight but service is very basic, boarding is chaotic in Paris airport. I won't fly Air France again. Screen are so tiny and quality of movies is very poor.


  Los Angeles to Paris CDG in Business Class in 20 hours. Stopover not planned in Montreal due to a medical emergency, great that Air France is a responsible company. But after this there was a technical problem on the plane, 3 hours wait in Montreal's airport without any information or drinks. Absent crew between Montreal and Paris. Almost 2 hours of wait in Paris for security control in the express SkyPriority line. Total of 20 hours for direct flight LAX to CDG without any apologies from Air France. One week after I wrote to Air France, absolutly no apologies. Finally Air France offered me 6000 miles. Air France doesn't care about their clients.
  São Paulo to Paris CDG. The ground staff in São Paulo were helpful, but I've never experienced a grumpier and haughtier cabin crew. While serving breakfast, one of the flight attendants spilled coffee on the sleeve of the brand new cashmere sweater I was wearing. She muttered a quick 'pardon' under her breath, without even looking me in the eye. I didn't even get a proper apology! The food was terrible. When we arrived in Paris, we had to disembark via old-school stairs and wait for 5 minutes in the rain on the runway before buses finally showed up to take us to the terminal building. Immigration at CDG takes forever even if you have a Sky Priority and a EU passport.
  First time with Air France flying from Paris CDG to Dubai. What a surprise. Everything went just perfectly. Boarding has been very fast. Seat was so comfortable that I managed to sleep although I can never sleep in Economy. Awesome variety of entertainment channels and movies. Food was excellent as the drinks. Flight attendants extremely courteous and professional. Clean toilets. Only one tiny negative remark. There was no WiFi on board this flight and I needed it for work.
  Flew Air France from Tehran to Toronto. On New Years Eve going back home on a connecting flight, first flight from Tehran to Paris was delayed and about 30 passengers missed the second flight because we had to wait for a whole hour at the airport for a bus to pick up the passengers. Air France representative rudely told us that it is not their reaponsibility and didn't even offer an apology. They agreed to get us tickets to go back home but said all direct flights were full for the next 2days. We trusted their word and agreed to sleep at the airport for the night and arrive into Toronto 30hrs later than planned. Next morning we find out that half of the passengers who had missed the same flight were going to Toronto on a direct flight. None of them had children or any disabilities. Although we were the first ones to get to customer service they didn't give us the tickets and made us wait for more 26 hours before our next flight. Again, there was no apology. I guess they cheap out on taking responsibility and apologizing as well. This was my first time flying Air France and I promised them it would be my last. 


  Paris CDG to Cancun. Due to our delayed incoming flight from DUS we needed to run to our gate. After we arrived at the gate, we've been able to pass this long row of waiting passengers with SkyPriority status. Friendly staff welcomed us onboard. The small cabin for he Premium Economy is offering enough space and with 32 places it’s quite and relaxed. Cleaning was very bad and I found a used knife and fork in my seat shelf. My remote controller was broke so I wasn’t able to control the volume of my headphones. Screen size is okay and the selection of films is surprisingly good. The seat itself is comfortable and equipped with a footrest. Nice pillow and a warm blanket on each seat. The amenity-kit is above basic and well presented in a small colorful bag. Soon after takeoff the aperitif service started with a glass of Champagne or juice and some very tasty crackers. My husband pre-ordered me a meal (with additional fee) which was good, but from my point of view it’s not worth for this price. The regular meal looks not like Premium Economy and is only offering a starter in addition to standard meal. Air France is offering an open bar in the galley with soft drinks, beer and sandwiches during the flight. Prior to landing our friendly flight attendant served a kind of warm pizza snack with another bar service. As far as I can remember we had 2 times a meal service and 3 times a bar coming though including the aperitif service. It’s a little poor for a premium economy. After arrival our bags came quiet fast and without any interception.
  London Heathrow to Warsaw via Paris VDG. Booked outbound flights with Air France via their partner KLM's website. This meant we couldn't choose our seats at the time of boarding. However, online check-in opened 30 hours before departure and we could change our allocated seats at that point. We were happy with the allocated seats on this occasion. Air France website was easy to use, and the check in process was very simple and quick. Printed our boarding passes to minimise queuing at Heathrow (outbound travel was with hand luggage only despite paying the extra for checked baggage). Stepping onboard our flight to CDG we were met by two smiling cabin crew and directed to follow the queue down the single aisle. The onboard team were friendly and courteous. During the 1 hr flight, a full bar service was offered, plus we were given a small chocolate muffin. Given the short flight time, the captain announced we were beginning our descent before half the passengers had been served. It can sometimes appear that in order to offer a "full service" to passengers on short haul flights, things seem so rushed. In no time at all, we were back on the ground and taxiing to the gate at CDG. Flight no 2, to Warsaw was slightly different. As we boarded, there was only one flight attendant, and she was talking on the phone so the passengers just walked passed without the usual greeting. This was the first time I have experienced this - there are usually two attendants at the door so even if one has to take a call, the other performs the customary welcome. I noticed that with both flights, the pre-departure safety announcement did not feature instructions on use of the life jackets.  This flight was longer, so the bar service and sandwich (choice of salmon or cheese) was more relaxed and enjoyable - so much so, I requested a second bottle of wine. There were only two lavatories onboard meaning a queue formed at times. If there was anything to improve these two flights it would be a few small screens to show the flight route. It gives passengers some kind of reference while we're cruising above the clouds. All things considered, I enjoyed my first experience of travelling with Air France. I have read various reviews, but the product they offered ( two short haul flights at a reasonable price) was pretty good in this instance, our flights got us to Warsaw slightly ahead of time which was our key concern. My main reason for choosing particular airlines is a combination of cost, service and flight times. For us, flight times are the main factor - we can usually trade off a higher cost against better flight times, and for short flights, the service doesn't to be anything special. I would certainly consider flying Air France again if their schedule meets our needs in the future.
  Athens to Havana via Paris. It was the first time that I was traveling with Air France. First of all I have to say that I didn't expect from this company to have such a delay in CDG airport and I will refer especially to my flight from Paris to Havana since this was a 10 hour flight and for me it was not a good experience. The seats were very uncomfortable with little space for your feet. I was sitting in a middle seat between two others and the whole trip was like hell. My boyfriend is 1,80 and he couldn't move. Secondly, the cabin staff seemed to me apathetic. For a more comfortable seat like the exit or double seats they demand extra payment. This is unacceptable.
  I had a not so good experience with Air France flying from Delhi to Rome via Paris. The service was below airlines like Lufthansa and Singapore. Crew were not very helpful. The food was also not up to the mark. Had a 1 hr gap between connecting flights, no ground support was there to help at CDG and further luggage did not arrive. Whole day got wasted in collecting luggage.
  Punta Cana to Prague via Paris. The Boeing 777-300ER interior was really old, touch screen looks old. The selection of movies is limited, yes they have some really new movies, but problem is this is limited. It took hour and half before we got our food (were the last one on the plane which was bad luck), food wasn't great, but was ok. Problem are drinks between meals, cabin crew brought drinks only with meals, but not in between. You can go to gallery and pour yourself a drink, but when you have a window seat two people need to stand up and they might be sleeping, it wouldn't kill the cabin crew to walk around with couple drinks. Also boarding was done bit chaotic. At least the leg room was good on all aircraft including A320 and really good on A321 (same as at 777). Overall I would say average airline with terrible entertainment and average food, but the cabin crew is friendly. Use this airline when they have good fares,.
  Paris CDG to Tokyo Haneda. Exceptional service end to end, from the La Premiere lounge I was taken in a car direct to the aircraft and introduced to the flight attendant. Krug was offered upon boarding and she made sure I knew what to expect for the flight. There are 4 first class seats and all were taken. The FA ensured we got the privacy we required by drawing the curtains (what a concept!) part way. The food service was outstanding, I opted to forgo the caviar (I don't like the stuff) and went for the lentil and coriander soup which was delicious. I then had the filet - this was perfectly served rare in the middle and very moist.  The Saint Honore dessert listed in the menu wasn't available so I was offered an apple tart, this too was superb. While I changed into my pyjamas the FA made up my bed. The curtains were fully closed and I dozed off quickly. I woke up after 3 hours feeling rather hot - the pyjamas were extremely efficient. If I have a complaint - it's that I think the cabin is a bit airless with the curtains closed. I'd like the ability to create some air movement, but that's a nitpick. I don't do breakfast so I just had a pot of coffee. On arrival at Haneda I was handed over to my personal airport escort. All in all - I believe this is the finest 1st class service out there. 
  Amsterdam to Dubai via Paris CDG. Quick commuter flight from Amsterdam to Paris, was looking forward to the new Air France business class product. I was not disappointed. Warm welcome from the crew, usual champagne etc before take off. The new business class seating on this aircraft is 1-2-1, everyone has aisle access and the cabin had a very roomy feel. Catering was of a very high standard and portion sizes were generous. Comfortable flat bed with full recline. Only minor criticism was limited music selection from the IFE system. The snack before landing wasn't great, all served cold, that said, a minor detail and the overall experience was excellent. On time arrival and promt disembarkation, luggage arrived swiftly too.
 Paris Orly to Guadeloupe with Air France. From check in through to arrival, two (out and return) of the worst flying experiences I've had. Check in at Orly is a farce. Staff are rude to everyone. Boarding was chaos with staff making no attempt to assist. Service on board is shocking. Staff are rude and arrogant. Aircraft is visibly dirty. No excuse for filthy aircraft. Inflight entertainment failed. Staff made no attempt to fix. Everything about AF is shabby and worn out. The aircraft, the staff and the facilities. Rude and arrogant. Unhelpful. First time with them and for sure the last. Air Caraibes or Corsair next time. Can't possibly be worse. Additionally we had a problem with my daughter's ticket. We tried contacting customer services but got no reply to email. No reply at all. I am an experienced traveller (1K flyer with UK, Silver with LHR, gold with Emirates). I was truly shocked at just how bad AF are.
  Rome to Paris CDG. I love Air France, would use them again, great sense of professionalism from the onboard crew. The flight was slightly delayed leaving Rome but we still landed on time in Paris, which was great especially considering how busy Paris CDG aerospace can be!
  Paris from Detroit, I arrived at the airport at 11am for a 3.25pm flight from Paris to Detroit to ensure I had the necessary time to get through security and customs. As I waited by the gate for an expected boarding time of 2.25 pm and got into line, we are told there will be a delay boarding until 3.10 pm. At 3.10pm we are updated that the flight is delayed until 5.30pm and that first class, business class and premium can go to the Air France executive lounge. I walk for a good 10 minutes to the lounge which is quite far from the gate I was at. When I get to the counter to check into the lounge the attendant tells me that there was a mistake and premium does not get in free (I am flying premium) but tells me that I can pay 45 euros for access. I had to talk to my colleague to check that this would be acceptable. When I get an OK from my colleague to pay for access I go back to the counter and ask to pay for access. This time a different attendant tells me that I cannot pay for access. I explain what happened and showed her the attendant that said I could pay to access and after conversing in French they tell me no sorry you cannot access. I felt these people have no courtesy for their customer. This was my first experience with Air France. Unfortunately it will be my last. 
  Paris CDG to Bremen. Flight AF1324 in Business Class Seat 1A, only one window, you have to lean back (or recline your seat) a little bit to look outside. The staff seem to have their bad day, no greeting at the entrance and as I put down my handluggage first to take out something the lady came to tell me I can not place my luggage there - what a good start.  Unfortunately things were getting worse. I got my tray with some cold chicken, jam, butter and drink. Then nothing more happened, both staff were very busy in Economy (I was the only Business Class guest). After 10 minutes or so I was asking about bread to start eating. She told me I should have a look in the menu which kind of bread I like. I said that a roll (on the menu) or wholewheat bread (on the menu as well) would be fine. She came back with a tray full of cold croissants. No comment, she just hold it into my direction.  Only then she told me that the other choices haven't been delivered.
  Excellent flight on A380 from New York JFK to Paris CDG. Sat in seat 30C emergency row and though paid approximately $50 extra it was worth it. I ordered the Ocean meal which is basically a seafood dish for an extra $25 and it was quite good. They were very generous with the liquor and I had a small bottle of white wine and a cognac at no charge. The flight attendants were very helpful and friendly. The entertainment system was excellent with a wide assortment of films. I enjoyed watching the take off and landing via the camera in the tail of the plane. Though I live in Toronto I took this flight from JFK because I wanted to fly on the A380. I was not disappointed. 
 Istanbul to Paris with Air France. The small A319 was completely full. Friendly crew with new seats in a renovated cabin. Food served was a hot meal (entree, main dish end dessert) with drinks, which is an improvement vs. previous flights. No IFE for the 3h40 flight but AF allows you to download free movies to watch on your tablets 30H before the flight for the whole duration of the trip. This is a nice initiative and was much welcome. Flawless flight and arrival 5' ahead of schedule.
  Paris to Houston round trip. Good ground service, airport transit fully guided. Very pleasant flights, crew polite and smiling on both legs. Seat pitch acceptable (I'm normal height and size), seat is a bit hard.  Service starts soon after take off, champagne aperitif and soon after meal served. Outbound I chose couscous very good level, accompanied by salmon appetizer and a piece of brie cheese.  After meal rubbish removed quickly, then several passages including an icecream. I was at the back of the plane, therefore it was very easy to self-serve from galley (Bounty, cereal bars, ice creams). Very attentive lavatory service, in one case FA checked status before let me enter. again, appreciated. Good IFE, did not use a lot since I had some job to do. Just noted not very high contrast of the screen, but not a problem. I do not like the air conditioning of A330, sometimes a fan started a loud, irritating sound but this is the only negative spot of this relaxing flight. Captain info satisfactory.  IAH to CDG again smiling crew, and service starts soon after take off. Meal is one notch below outbound Paris, but acceptable. Not a lot to add, since I slept after meal until landing in Paris.
  Cancun to Paris. Medium room for the legs. Since I am taller than 1.80m it is always difficult to have enough room. This is the first time I fly with Air France on a long route and I was surprised there was no choise for the meal (you usually have a couple of choices). Nice entertainment system, active also during the boarding, so you can start watching a movie or playing while waiting. Perfectly on time.
 Toronto to Paris CDG with Air France. I fly frequently on this route, sometimes in Business Class and sometimes in Premium Economy. This time I chose Premium Economy, not being sure whether the plane had the "old" seats in Business class (reclining 2-3-2, not very comfortable), or the better new "lie-flat" arrangement. The Economy plus seats are definitely better than economy (I am 1.85m tall ~6 ft) and adding the advantages of priority check-in, security and boarding, extra luggage allowance, this is probably a solution of good value. Onboard, service is just barely OK, but the food is definitely inferior: a poor quality foie gras, an insipid chicken, and a cheese wedge which did not resemble much to Camembert. Wine choice is non-existant, so the best for me was a glass of Perrier. Overall, while this is a convenient way of crossing the Atlantic, but food wise I really suggest to bring a decent sandwich from an airport concession.
  St Maarten to Venice via Paris CDG with Air France. The check-in, boarding, and the beginning of the flight were satisfactory. The food (VLML) was tasteless and not what I had expected of a French airline. The staff was not impolite, but some of them had an attitude, especially the male flight attendant. The transfer at Paris CDG was horrible. There was a crowd at the security check and we barely made it in time to the gate. The security officer was impolite and kept shouting "push, push" and we were expected to push our items into the scanner ourselves. In addition, one of the two bags did not arrive at Venice. Seriously, what is happening with the luggage at CDG?
  Amsterdam to Lima via Paris CDG. The airplane is what you would expect of it, little legroom, but price on the flight is low so that is okay. What bothered me are the stewards on this flight. It was a 12h+ flight, with almost no service: there was a 10-hour time window without service (drinks/food) whatsoever. The stewards looked as if they felt too good to be serving other people, and for any food or drinks you would have to walk to the back of the plane. They were not helpful until personally approached with a question. During the flight they were just talking with each other in the back of the plane (they were not too busy to help). Normally I don't write reviews about airlines, especially not about budget airlines because that is what you get for the low price, but this is unacceptable.
  Strasbourg to Paris by TGV was excellent, very fast and precise, although the car arrangement was strange and the cars were quite old. The flight from Paris CDG to Athens had good and bad aspects. The crew was very pleasant, the plane left on the minute, the seats comfortable and the food much better (I think AF has the best food from the big EU airlines). On the other hand, the plane was very dirty (I boarded among the first and I think that it wasn't cleaned at all after the previous flight), out of the 3 reading lights in my row only 1 worked and the gate waiting area in CDG airport is dirty, cramped and horrible.
  Paris to Vancouver with Air France (AF374). Brilliant flight on Air France. Flew Economy and Premium Economy on the outbound flight to Paris. Food was far superior to that of other airlines to Europe out of Vancouver, notably Air Canada and British Airways and was equally as good as what is served in business class on some carriers. There was a decent selection of wine and the flight attendants on both flights were outstanding - providing professional, friendly service throughout both flights. Air France provide decent blankets as well - not the usual flimsy material handed out by Air Canada. Washrooms maintained in excellent condition. I'm delighted Air France are flying into YVR and will choose them as my first choice of airline on trips to Europe.

  New York JFK - Paris Orly - Bordeaux on Air France. Flight to Paris was ok. Departed on time, arrived early. Slightly tired cabin but nothing missing or broken. Seats reclined, IFE worked. Lavs immaculate. Food edible, wine drinkable. One plus: real coffee, not Nescafe. Would have expected an "accueil chaleureux" on Air France but sadly, no. Cabin staff highly professional but seemed to be going through the motions. No refills on drinks, etc. Pax had to ask for aperitif and were not offered after dinner drink. Not flag carrier service. Transfer at ORY could not have been easier. Flight to BOD was on an A320, a pleasant surprise. Will certainly fly AF again, and probably often. Writing this review (a) hoping they up their game and (b) to support the JFK-ORY route, which seems perpetually endangered.
  Los Angeles to Venice via Paris CDG, returning from Florence via Paris to Los Angeles. Outbound flight on A380 in Premium Economy. It's almost a dedicated cabin, except the restrooms are at the rear of the aircraft in economy. Crew and service good; dinner was tasty, but didn't really notice that Premium Economy was upgraded as advertised. Mid flight an ice cream bar was served which was a nice touch. Breakfast was abysmal - basically nothing but sugar and nothing even vaguely nutritious. But the biggest downfall of Premium Economy are the shell seats. They are simply tortuous to sit in for any period of time, and sleeping was just about impossible. Even though the seat reclines within the shell, you still feel like you are sitting up. And even when using an inflatable back pillow I was extremely uncomfortable. The return flight from CDG to LAX was on a Boeing 777-300ER; this time the Premium Economy cabin had two dedicated restrooms, but the crew did nothing to stop biz or economy passengers from using them. Unlike the outbound flight the crew could not have been more disinterested. After serving dinner they disappeared for 8 hours. They did not even come around with water once during the flight. And barely a smile from anybody. Supposedly there was a mid-flight snack, but it was never announced or offered. The 777 has the same shell seats, and this time they seemed to have even less recline the A380. They also have a legrest which provides a little support for your upper legs, but unless you are 4 feet tall is completely ineffective. By the end of the flight both my partner and I had back pains. Air France needs to learn from Cathay and ditch the horrible shell seats. Until that happens we will fly Virgin even if it means the inconvenience of flying through London because it is a far superior product in both comfort and service.
  Flight from Sao Paulo to Paris. Departure was on time. Business class cabin service is good, as expected.  Cabin configuration is 2-3-2. Business class starts at row 3. It was still the old cabin, but the seat reclines 180 degrees. Good service, 3 different meals options, snacks available during all flight. Arrived on time at CDG. Would fly again Business Class, but only with a ticket issued with miles.
  We flew from Boston to Paris after our flight with another airline got cancelled. Considering it was last minute, Myself and two other travel companions got wonderful seats almost next to each other. The flight had an on time take off and landed 10 minutes early. During the flight we got a choice of two dinners, and a small breakfast. The meals were quite good considering it was airline food. The staff were friendly and attentive. The seats were comfortable enough, but kind of hard to get to sleep on. One negative about the airline was that the flight had no wifi or connectivity, but it was equipped with a modern touchscreen that had games and tv available. Overall, I had a great experience and would fly Air France again.
  Had a great flight from Paris to San Fransisco. Had a "hop" flight and connected through Paris. Boarding was not that quick though. Had to wait a few minutes in the airbridge which was kind of hot. Seat room was good, a bit larger than KLM and Delta on long haul flights. Cabin staff came by almost every hour with drinks. Food was the best I have had on economy during a flight, time went by really fast for my opinion. I would fly with AF again!
  Air France from New York JFK to Paris Orly. Seat 11H, Premium Economy. Steward did not check for seat belt before take off and no safety leaflet in the seatback in front of me. In fact no leaflet at all in row 11! Although written on dinner menu, steward did not propose aperitif : I had to ask for. He did not propose water, I had to ask for. To get a second piece of bread, you have to ask! Hot meal (chicken with rice) was not properly hot. Premium Economy seat is larger than Economy and has more space for legs but recline is limited. My previous flight the week before from Paris CDG to JFK on Air France in economy was perfect : crew was attentive, smiling, customer oriented. 
  Los Angeles to Paris on the A380 in Business Class. Seat were not as comfortable as Delta or KLM seats. There was a cabin crew strike, so only 14 crew instead of 21. Service was accordingly. No manual for food, service not very attentive. The flight was delayed out of LAX about 90 minutes. As I only had a very short layover time, I asked the purser how this will be handled. He told me not to worry, all will be handled at CDG. However, nothing happened at CDG. No ground staff to take care. I had 30 min only, but no assitance. As most Euro flights are outsourced to HOP which uses terminal G at CDG, you can only get there by bus. Even at the bus-gate Air France people said 'no problem'. Again, no one cared about my situation. We arrived at Terminal G at departure time, but could not get out of the bus. So four hours delay. I do not mind the delay, but the very poor service Air France is giving their prime customers.
  
Flew Air France from Paris CDG to Tel Aviv BGU. Good - Very friendly cabin crew, very good food and overall pleasant service. Excellent deck communication with the cabin, clear announcements in English and communicative deck crew, no IFE at all. Bad - seat pitch is very limited. Feels like the lowest-cost airlines in the US. Other competitors on this line provide a significantly better seat pitch.
  Flew Air France from NYC JFK to Paris CDG. Good - service, food, seat pitch (seems larger than the US competitors), comfortable seats, IFE, new airplane. Room for improvement - deck communications with the cabin. Whereas French announcements were broad and complete, they were short and very unclear in English.
  Flew Air France from New York JFK to Dubai via Paris CDG. Check in and departure was on time. On board, we we were served a cold chicken pasta salad. Surprisingly, there was no hot meals or snack. The cabin was clean and the crew were pleasant. The inflight entertainment was adequate. There was no snacks in between flights from NY to Dubai. From Paris to Dubai we were served a cold chicken salad again. The seats were tight. There was was little room for adjusting the seats. My knees were touching the seat in front.
  Mumbai to Paris with Air France. Friendly staff, comfy seat - I had a good sleep though it was an older angle-lie-flat seat. 2x2x2 configuration is so out. Fortunately I could catch a middle row seat - after discussion because they had deleted my seat reservation I made during web check-in. Why ask your passengers to reserve seats and ignore the reservation? Catering service was horrible. Just a tray with all dinner courses together landed at my table. No offer of different wines between the courses.  Absolutely no exclusivity of service. Still satisfying flight. I would not book AF for long-haul again.
  Barcelona to Hong Kong via Paris CDG. Still very satisfied with Air France service in general. Extremely convenient Check In through mobile App. Paid 52 Euros to get more leg room and in fact I traveled comfortably in the first row. To this respect it must be underlined the coherent seat class policy of AF; other airlines charge a Premium Economy fare for a seat in Economy class first row (or Emergency Exits seats) while Air France has a dedicated cabin space for Premium Economy customers and charges a reasonable surcharge to let one seat at front economy row. Smooth and swift connection at Paris CDG, kind cabin crews, clean aircraft, nice entertainment programs. This time food was not as good as in previous flight, however upon check in one can choose among different menus which is a service I will definitely try next time.
  Dublin to Zürich via Paris CDG. Flight was ok, but in Paris the transfer distance was too long, we arrived at the gate for our following flight at the "departure time". But that wasn't the worst. They lost our luggage in Dublin, so they should send it later. But they sent it to Italy and we live in Switzerland. As we tried to get in contact with Air France noone picked up the phone nor did they answer to E-Mails yet. The homepage which should help people to get in touch with the support didn't work properly. 
  The flight to Paris was uneventful. Halfway through my vacation they announced yet another strike. However they assured me the long haul flights would not be interrupted. Such was not the case. First we waited to board, then halfway through the taxi we returned to the gate for technical reasons. We all deboarded and were told we'd be on another plane within 20 minutes. Over an hour later we were put on busses and driven to a point 15 minutes away where we climbed a flight of stairs to stand in a hot tunnel at the open door of a plane. We were then told that the crew would be in overtime if we left at that time. In other words were were not permitted to get on the plane. Everyone had to turn around and wait at the door for busses to come back to take us back to the terminal which took another half hour. We were taken back to the terminal and told to go back to ticketing where we were left standing alone for half an hour before they decided what to do and opened several counters. We were then told to go out and get in a bus to go to a hotel 10 miles away. There was no dinner voucher. We had started boarding slightly after six. By this time it is now past 23hr and no one had eaten. I took a cab on my own dime. I am now at the hotel and am supposed to be picked up at 10 to be taken back to the hotel. I will never fly Air France again. 
  Paris CDG to Toulouse. Plane came off runway during taxiing. Waited for a long time to get off and back to terminal. Provided food vouchers but no food available. Left 3 hours late. No help given. All I needed was local knowledge that the public transport would still be running. Have raised complaint on their website, but after 20 days no reply.  No one has bothered to go any further than the cut and paste sorry for the inconvenience. 
  Our flight from NYC to Berlin via Paris was full of circumstances. The flight to Paris (transit) had 1 hour delay caused by a wrong adjustion of the aircraft at the airport. It wouldn't be a problem if the staff at the airplane were helpful with our connecting flight and some informations, because our connecting flight was soon after landing. But the staff I talked to didn't give proper information.  However, running through CDG Airport we were able to get our connection flight that departed half an hour after landing in Paris. I would not recommend this airline since there was not only delay (that happens) but unhelpful staff and few informations.
  A very good flight indeed with Air France from Minneapolis to Paris CDG. Firstly, I was most impressed that unlike the US carriers, empty seats in business class were not filled to capacity at the gate, while I understand that I only buy one seat, the sense of exclusivity that should be part of spending many thousands of dollars on a premium seat is considerably degraded by upgrading all and sundry until the cabin is full. The cabin was pleasant, the seats a touch elderly but comfortable and the space quite adequate. The flight attendants were delightful, the food and drink selections very good and all in all, a very comfortable and most agreeable journey. I am fortunate to fly in business class long-haul several times each year, and find that the offerings in this cabin are becoming clearer all the time. Air France does have it right, and even though this was operated with an older aircraft, and the old seating, it was very good indeed. I look forward to trying the new J Class, but fear that the routes I usually habituate, being hub to hub, will be the last to be upgraded.
  Flew Air France in Business Class from Seoul Incheon to Paris CDG.  Flight attendants were so nice and full of attention. Seats were exceptionally comfortable, food was awesome, nothing could have been better than what they offered!
  On our flight to Paris from Los Angeles, neither movie monitor worked. Not only did they not work, both were stuck "on" so you had bright monitor lights shining in your faces while trying to sleep. It could not be shut off. Then seat 85K would not recline at all, it was broken. So, once the plane's cabin lights were dimmed and everyone around us was asleep, we were left with monitor lights in our eyes and one seat would not recline. I have a bad back so this only made it worse. The plane was full so there were no available seats for us to move. At one point, a flight attendant tried to tape a magazine over the monitors.... only to have them fall off into our laps 20-30 minutes later. These premium economy seats were $2700 more than coach seats, yet they were horrible and an unpleasant start to our vacation. The folks in economy watched movies and their seats reclined. I filed a complain when we got back home with Air France, only to find that Delta Airlines handles the complaints for Air France. They were sorry, and offered some free mileage for the inconvenience. Nothing more, nothing less. Well, this might be a good thing to a frequent flyer, but in our lifetime, we will never have enough mileage, with or without their offering, to earn anything. So the mileage offering was nothing to us. This was a once in a lifetime vacation so we paid the extra money for the upgraded seats, only to have these indicated issues. There is no skin off Delta's nose to handling the complaint. I got the usual "this is the best we can do" response. Despite my repeated emails to Delta about this poor offering, they will do no more. The flight back home, two weeks later was great. Monitors worked and the seats reclined, but needless to say, we started off horrible on Air France and it took 3-4 days for the aggravated back issues to subside. If this is how Air France feels, then I'd opt for another airline. And, if Delta is handling the complaints for them, I suspect they would be just as bad. Find another airline besides Air France and Delta. They are not the only ways to fly!
  Flew from Toronto to Paris CDG. Start of journey was not propitious. Air France staff at YYZ refused me access to the Business Class line and waved me off three times to standard Check-In before deigning to check my itenerary and offering up an excuse "I dont normally work here". Check-In counter repeated the exercise, before actually reading the booking information. Not sure whether they are hiring high-school kids to staff the counters at YYZ. Boarding uneventful. Flight delayed 40 minutes due to unknown reasons. Business class cabin was full. In the air, if Air France actually tried, their Business Class product could not be poorer. Jaded cabin-crew and indifferent service combined with atrocious food came together in perfect harmony to make this, without a doubt, one of the worst flight experiences I have had. I was hoping that it was a fluke and my return flight would be better but alas, AF once again did not fail to disappoint.
  This flight from Paris CDG to New York JFK was really good, probably one of the best experiences so far (apart from having loud kids around). The seat was really comfortable, enough space even if the seat in front of me was reclined. The meal was definitely the best I have had so far - big portions and delicious meat, everything was just perfect. The entertainment options were really good, and the earphone was an outstanding quality.
  Both flights Stuttgart-Paris and Paris-Chicago were on time. The short-haul flight was operated by "Cityjet for Air France" and uneventful. The long-haul flight was operated on a quite dated A330-200, there were still ashtrays built onto the armrests and the seats were very narrow. There were individual screens, however, these were old too: small, responded slowly, and it took 1.5h and two resets until the entertainment system in the aircraft finally worked. The catering was average. We liked, however, that even in economy class you can get champagne. The flight attendants seemed genuinely friendly and did they work very well.


 Paris CDG to Kansai Osaka with Air France. The new business class cabin configuration of Air France is absolutely incredible. Obliquely orientated, with a removable panel in the middle seats. Completely flat bed (and comfortable, without uncomfortable divisions on the seat). Plenty of space with private locker. The food was very sophisticated but not completely tasty. KLM and Air France has the same inflight entertainment system, so after a couple of flights, the selection is a little bit boring. Very few latest releases.
  Paris CDG to Milan Linate with Air France. The business class seat was very comfortable and the seats are configured so that the one in the middle row is free. The on-board staff has been very polite and attentive. The meal, although the flight was short, it was delicious. The only thing I did not like was the Air France lounges at the boarding zone F. It was pretty crowded and the seats did not have the power outlet to recharge the smartphone. Never seen a lounge with no electrical outlets.
 Buenos Aires to Paris with Air France. I traveled on the new Business class Best and Beyond. The onboard service is fairly accurate but not meticulous and personalized as in other airlines. The meals are good and different but are still served with the trolley and dishes are not served directly to yourtable like a restaurant. Missing the feeling of personal service. The seat is comfortable and reclines to become a bed. The amenity kit provided is not very elegant. The entertainment system is rather good and very large and bright screen. Inside I made use of the lounge Condor airport in Buenos Aires and I was fine. However, at the same price in future I will choose another company.
  Hong Kong to Paris on Air France A380, we were isolated on the upper deck with no possibilities of moving around. The bar was just a counter with appetizers and some candies. The 2-2-2 configuration is classic with front view seats, that were pretty uncomfortable, not reclining to be a full bed.  Food was acceptable. Service was quick and methodic, but not dedicated and warm.
  Air France from St. Maarten to Budapest via Paris. Pretty shameful catering for long haul flight. For breakfast from St. Maarten we got small croissant, bagel and fruit. This is pretty much where the middle eastern airlines like Emirates, Qatar, Airways etc are dominating. I had a much better experience with KLM even though it's basically the same company.
  Paris to Washington, First Class, seats 2E and 2F on AF54, June 16th. The catering on this flight, unlike the catering flying the opposite direction on June 7, was amazing: delicious, fresh, well cooked, perfectly presented. What a difference a week and a different point of origin makes! For flight AF55, I called the catering an embarrassment to French baking; the catering on this Air France flight was perfect! A tiny amuse bouche included a nice bit of caviar with a mother of pearl spoon to scoop it up. My fish main dish was hot, well cooked and delicious. Same for the veal selected by my friend. The tomato soup also wonderful and served hot. And the mixed salad served after the main courses, and made to order, was fresh and delicious. Desserts were varied and beautiful, especially the strawberries, sweet and intense in flavor. The crew was very attentive, professional, and the on ground service was heroic; after we landed, the tarmac at Dulles was shut for two hours while a lightning storm hit DC and our luggage arrived after this agonizing delay, but the ground staff kept cool and tried to keep the passengers informed but of course, everyone, including the flight crew simply had to wait for the lightning to end before the baggage handlers were allowed by Dulles to complete their work : unloading the incoming aircraft, our Air France 380 and others. So no one was happy, but the Air France ground staff kept smiling, apologizing, and listening to complaints: a very difficult evening for all.
  First Class on Air France, Washington DC to Paris, flight 55, Seats 2e and 2f. A 'Bucket List' Experience. The seats are great, the 'turn down' service (making the seat into a bed) was wonderful, flight crew and Purser were very professional and friendly, the 380 aircraft is a wonder of quiet and power. The ground staff and escort service for FC passengers at IAD and at CDG are excellent if a bit embarrassing, I am not accustomed to such level of service. The on board catering however was not good at all. No caviar service, the pea soup was barely warm, the texture was thick and really unappetizing, the chicken was barely OK, accompanied by mixed overcooked veggies and a thick and gooey green 'sauce?', we did not try the crab cakes. Dessert was a chocolate concoction with fresh fruit nearby. They offered ice cream too but then told us it was still too frozen to serve. A mixed salad described on the menu to follow the entree never was offered, perhaps it was still frozen? The butter served with bread is a tiny packet you unwrap. The cheese service was three small pieces, no choice from a cart, each cold, served with a slice of bread and one dried apricot. Yikes. Breakfast was a disappointment: fruit crepes with a tiny "croissant" and blueberry 'muffin' that were an embarrassment to French baking. Honestly, we have excellent croissants in the DC region; please AF, find them and serve them. And serve two or three jams with the breads instead of only the packets of butter? A Youtube reviewer said he loved the AF breakfast crepes, and could still taste them after his trip, I can still taste them too, but I hope the taste fades quickly.

  Flew Air France from Paris to Shanghai. This was probably one of the best flights I have had. First of all, ground services were very careful and warned me about some delays unrelated to this airline. The new Air France Business Class is done with good taste and comfort. The seat becomes a real bed and the seat configuration enables passangers to have access to the aisle without bothering other passangers. The catering was outstanding. Food tasted the way it should taste. The selection of drinks and wines were remarkable. Crew were polite and professional, yet discreet.
  Booked to fly Madrid to Toronto via Madrid with Air France I tried to ask for how much the upgrade to business was. They said you have to pay a penalty for changing your ticket (upgrade is changing a ticket?), so I complained to them. They said they will handle, keeping me waiting and just receive another email with the same exact answer. If you ever planning to travel with an airline don't just look for price - because this one is the worst.
  
On 23rd May for the first time I flew New York to Paris with Air France. I did not know what to expect, but was impressed with the staff. Flight attendants, extremely kind and with a great attitude.  During the flight, I chatted with some of FA on various topics, they seemed very real and enjoy their work. Food was great. I would recommend Air France. 
  Travelled from Paris to Bangkok on a night flight, and returned from Bangkok to Paris on a daytime flight some 15 days later. Plane was satisfactory and the premium economy seats were up to standard. The main thing lacking on long haul Air France flights is the gap between meals and snacks, 7 hours. I recommend that if you are travelling long haul with Air France you take a packed lunch or a meal deal with you when you board. We were arriving 45 minutes late at Paris on our return flight, and enquired whether our connection to the UK would wait for us, as we only had 70 minutes to get from one plane to another, with delay leaving us 25 minutes, and as gate closes 15 minutes before flight departure, leaving us a max of 10 minutes. Reply from cabin crew was "I do not know, they will get you on the next available flight, or they will put you up in a hotel. It is their fault". Cabin crew on our flights between Manchester and Paris were far better standard than long haul.
  
Delhi to Birmingham via Paris with Air France. The whole flight felt like something from the late 1990's. The inflight entertainment was poor, the food disgusting, and while the cabin crew were professional and friendly they did the bare minimum throughout the flight. I cannot adequately describe how awful the food was, a hot sandwich sounded fine but was something like heated cabbage and carrots in a stale bread roll. The breakfast was slightly more edible but the yoghurt with the texture of cottage cheese was not. The inflight entertainment is old and low resolution with a below average selection of tv and films. The general approach from cabin crew was absolutely fine although there was no effort to check on or provide any service between meals. Most competitors these days will come through the cabin during the night with cold drinks and many also offers snacks like ice creams etc. The seats felt old and while were fine on first sitting down, became very uncomfortable as the 10hr flight went on. Considering it was quite an expensive flight I felt very let down and wish I had gone for the slightly worse flight times with Emirates as I know I would have had a far better flight.
  Istanbul to San Francisco via Paris and return with Air France. It was the worst flight experience for me. Food was poor and meal quantity was also poor for such a long trip. It was completely uncomfortable and the planes are old. Only choice was ham at breakfast (San Francisco to Paris) and of course my luggage was stuck in Paris when I arrived to Istanbul. No surprise at all.
  I flew Air France economy class on the A320 from Sofia to Paris in September 2015. The seat was uncomfortable and I did not find the flight attendants helpful. The food did not offer a choice, only one thing. But it was still okay for a short flight.
  Paris to San Francisco. The check-in at CDG was horrible with very long queue. The A380 inside looked old, and the door of one of the toilet did not close and a bad smell came. We said that to the cabin crew but instead of closing the toilet they just sprayed some deodorant! Food was of very low quality. Very expensive airline for low quality service.
  Paris Charles de Gaulle to Geneva. Public transport strike in Paris, so getting to the airport is frequently an issue. Checkin and security are fine. Terminal 2F at CDG is cramped with poor facilities. The aircraft developed a problem so gate change to a spare aircraft. Delay of 45 minutes. No boarding announcements, so 1 missed the single bus to the aircraft on the apron and had to wait 20 minutes for the same bus to offload and circle back to the gate to collect remaining passengers. At a major hub airport this is absolutely shambolic flight services management. Further apron delay. Cabin service was standard, with poor food. Typical AF experience.
  Johannesburg to Paris with Air France. My 3 year old son dropped a few pieces of plastic wrapping on the floor below his feet (not in the aisle) - hard to avoid given that everything is wrapped in plastic and no one walked along the aisle to collect it. A little later, when he was sleeping on my lap, a member of staff berated me loudly, repeatedly and rudely over the presence of plastic on the floor. She then brought a bag and asked me to clear up the plastic immediately, even though to do so would obviously have woken my son (this was around 10pm on a night flight), who would undoubtedly have cried and disturbed other passengers far more than a little clear plastic in our seating area! I was shocked at how rude she was, and how lacking in understanding of the difficulties of travelling with young children. This did not make for a pleasant or relaxed atmosphere on the flight. In addition, we ordered vegetarian meals and were given a yoghurt that contained gelatine.
  Hong Kong to Paris CDG return with our 2-year old toddler.  I can't believe this is the national airline of the one of the proudest nations in the world with a highly developed economy. Everything felt cheap, tardy and a laisseur-faire attitude was too much to bear. Positives - good food and drinks selection, friendly crew and the economy section of the upper deck A380 was quiet and pleasant. Negatives - very family unfriendly not possible to check in online and select seats if you are traveling with children unless selections were paid for, distasteful and crude IFE interface with VHS-quality videos, patronizing ground staff, signs of cost-cutting everywhere.
  Had a bit of issue with my original flight with Air France from Amsterdam to Shanghai via Paris, so I had to pay additional fee to be rebooked to another flight 4 days later than my original travel plan, out of London. I was sold a flight that I couldn't use given that I wasn't aware that to change flight within Schengen countries that I would need a visa on my Chinese passport! Although it is passenger's responsibility to verify travel documents requirements, it would be helpful if airlines remind their passengers such requirements! I paid for a business class upgrade and that was gone too. So I was 4 days behind my travel plan and £370 upgrade gone and I had to pay another £240 to rebook my flight!  The AF UK helpline staff were defensive on the phone and the first one I spoke to told me that I needed to pay for a whole new ticket!I had to use Twitter to get a sensible solution to my problem rather than speak to someone on the phone.  At my departure date, when I got to Heathrow check-in desk, staff were just going through the motions. I couldn't check-in online on my 're-booked' flight, so I couldn't chose my seat and was given a seat that I wasn't happy with and again had to use twitter. it seems that Twitter is the best way to contact Air France when you have issues. AF twitter account changed my seat for the CDG to PVD flight before my London to Paris flight took off.  The transfer time in Paris was a bit tight. When my flight from London touched down, it was already boarding time for the PVG flight and I had to rush to catch the connection flight. They had changed my seat to be next to a mother and her young daughter. I like kids in general but it was clear that they needed all 3 seats and luckily there were 4 empty seats in a nearby row and I moved there. I didn't understand why AF couldn't give me that seat in the first place. The service was minimal, I wasn't expecting much for economy but it was very basic.
  Bangkok to London via Paris in Business Class, 4th April. Sad to say, it was the worst long haul business class flight I've had. Plus points: On time, relatively inexpensive - £1450. LHR-BKK-LHR, outward with KLM via AMS (which was much, much better). Minus point: Cabin service: Perfunctory, offhand, going through the motions (just about). This was a daytime flight but the shutters were battened down for more than 9 hours of a 12 hour flight. Patronisingly, like I was a 7 year old, I was told that "passengers like to sleep monsieur". So I checked the cabin and less than 20% were. - Lazy, inattentive cabin crew, they could do less work less if they kept the punters bedded down for as long as possible. Food: Dreadful. Just about OK for economy class, unacceptable for a business class. But at least the champagne was warm. A lamb dish that couldn't have been more overcooked. The rest was completely uninspiring. A self service "buffet" that any self-respecting airline should have been embarrassed to offer, even in economy. Narrow seat, but just about OK for sitting up in, but uncomfortable as a bed , angled rather than lie-flat. Verdict: The worst business class flight I've ever had. I'll never fly Air France by choice again. I would have had better value in Premium Economy with a proper airline. The quality of the cabin crew has a lot to do with whether you have a good flight or not. This lot would have been better working on a bus. The one exception was the female cabin attendant, who at least made eye contact and smiled with some sincerity. Air France: Remember, you have competition.
  Air France from Athens to Paris CDG and back. There was no delay, crew was welcoming and helpful. There was no Inflight Entertainment. We got our food about 50 mins after take-off, and the food was good. On the return flight, we had a 30 minute delay, but despite that we landed on time. I enjoyed my trip and would fly Air France again.


  Mumbai to Amsterdam via Paris CDG with Air France. Check-in for this flight was smooth. The flight was delayed from 02:20 to 03:45am. It was a rather old A330 and the IFE was dysfunctional, as was the headphone, could not hear anything. The steward looked at it but said that it could not be repaired but since it was a night flight that was not a big deal. After departure and reaching cruising altitude there was no service since everybody in this cabin went to sleep. It was quite turbulent but otherwise had I had a decent sleep. But then the lights went on rather early, slightly less than three hours before expected landing. Lights going on usually suggests the start of breakfast service. Still sleepy, a stewardess approached me en said something in French which I could not really understand because I also had my earplugs still in. I thought that she wanted to know what I would like for breakfast so I answered "omelette au fromage" from the choices in the menu. She started to laugh out loud, as did the French speaking lady next to me. I took my ear plugs out, she could not stop laughing and said to the lady "quel idiot". The lady responded "un coup d'œil suffit pour que voir" and both laughed even louder. Well you don't need to know much of French to understand that! It appeared that she had informed me, in French, that the plane was diverted to Frankfurt because of bad weather in Paris and we would land earlier so breakfast would be served earlier too. I told the stewardess that I think it is not appropriate to call somebody "idiot" because somebody does not understand the French right after being waked up with earplugs still in. She replied "excusez-moi" and left. I should not have said anything because they "forgot" to serve the breakfast (I went to the toilet). When I asked for it, they told me we would land soon and they could not serve anymore, although there was still (according to scheduled arrival) two hours to fly and they actually still serving others! I asked for at least a cup of coffee, she brought it and accidently the cup flipped and I had the hot coffee over me! No excuse, she just walked away, so I went again to the toilet to wash the (not so hot) coffee off. Actually, we did not land in Frankfurt but could still land in Paris after all. But when I went off the plane I promised myself to never fly Air France again.
  Manchester to Johannesburg via Paris CDG with Air France. The premium economy is amazing and worth the extra you pay for it. It was superb flying premium economy with amazing food, drink and inflight entertainment. The seats are very comfy and the check-in is a lot quicker and easier. I would probably recommend that more drinks are provided during a long haul flight though. Overall I am a very happy customer.
