  ANA has great service, very clean restrooms and the business seating is very comfortable. I took the outbound and inbound to Tokyo from and to Vietnam. The food is good and the  flight attendants were courteous. 
  Relatively uncomfortable flight with minimal and rude service. 11 hour flight that was very cramped, flight attendants avoided assisting me, claimed they had no meal choices, or told me they would get something and did not. Quite surprising for an overseas flight, and ANA no less, formerly my favorite airline for economy seating. 
  They canceled my mother’s flight without any announcement to the passengers who were waiting in line for almost 2 hours. The airport flight information displays still showed that the flight was on time even after we were turned away 2 hours later. While we were at the ticket counter trying to figure out what to do next, their manager told us that flight will be tomorrow morning at 8am (which is incorrect because Seattle only has 1 ANA flight a day, and they’re all at 3:35pm). My mother was staying with us so they didn’t even pay for anything for inconvenience of the delay. They didn’t even offer to try and find another flight. We came back the next afternoon, and finally were able to check in her bags and when we inquired about a seat upgrade (like business class since she already had premium economy), we were told that it was full and they couldn’t upgrade her. They provided nothing for any sort of compensation for the inconvenience, 
  We were unable to land in Sydney due to adverse weather conditions, and were redirected to Brisbane. ANA went above and beyond to look after everyone, booking 4* accommodation with transport, breakfast, a return to flight to SYD the next day and $100 compensation. You can usually judge a business by how they handle things when they go wrong, and ANA really impressed here.
 The absolute best flight segment I’ve flown in 10+ years. I fly 100+ commercial flights per year and this flight today was the best in a long time. The crew of NH1811 should all be commended for their service, safety and care.
  First airline I've encountered which waited late passengers for over 30 minutes and was late for arrival, over 30 minutes. The other flight I took with them was late for 1 minute, only 1 minute, and ANA told me they fail to load my check-in luggage to the connecting flight, so I was denied on board. They refused to rebook my ticket because the flight was not late, and the luggage had enough time on board.
  My experience today with ANA on flight NH211 from Haneda to London was far from satisfactory, marking it as my worst business class experience to date. The first setback was a 90-minute wait for business class check-in, an unprecedented delay. The staff seemed overwhelmed and disorganized, leaving counters unmanned for long periods. The frustration grew when informed that my luggage wouldn't arrive with me but on a subsequent flight, with no clear indication of its arrival time. Adding to the disappointment was the last-minute aircraft change. I had chosen this flight specifically for ANA's acclaimed 'The Room' business class service, but it was changed to the old business class on a 777, with no prior notice. The older business class configuration was a stark contrast to the modern luxury I anticipated. The seating arrangements added to the chaos. All pre-arranged seat allocations were discarded, forcing passengers, including myself, to travel in separate seats. The Wi-Fi on this flight was painfully slow and frustratingly unreliable, It's a stark contrast to the high standards typically associated with Japanese airlines. This series of missteps has left a lasting negative impression, overshadowing any positive aspects of the journey. It's a reminder that even reputable airlines can falter, and in this instance, ANA has unfortunately fallen short of the mark.
   I just cannot express how much I love ANA. They are always my preferred choice for domestic flights in Japan. The check in was a breeze, the staff from the counter all the way to the cabin crew were just amazing. For me ANA has an edge over JAL (which is an equally amazing airline) due to the baggage policy which allows 2 pieces (23 KG each) instead of only 20 KG by the latter.
  HND-FUK-TSJ and back. Before setting out on this trip, I had one anxiety: short transfers at FUK, 30 min. in the outbound and 45 min. in the return. Our flight left delayed 15 min. because of the heavy traffic in the early morning at HND and was supposed to land on FUK at due time, that is, delayed. However, the flight attendants took considerable care of those passengers flying to Tsushima. They let them deplane first. Then the ground staff was waiting there, preparing for a van, which carried us up to the second flight. What smooth and steady services they offered! As far as domestic services in Japan go, ANA is the first carrier to be picked up. This time also my impression strengthened more thanks to their services.
  Great airline and deserves its' Skytrax rating. 2 overnight "red eye" flights. Will be our airline of choice in future when possible. Check in efficient and quick with minimal wait. Boarding and disembarking very organized and fast. All PAX off the aircraft and in the terminal upon arriving at Haneda from Sydney in 5 minutes. Plenty of legroom up against bulkhead seats, Japanese meal choice tasty and filling. Cabin crew receptive to requests and efficient. Managed to get 5 hours sleep in each direction - this was a plus. The negatives - after 9 hour overnight flights Syd to Haneda and return - no breakfast was disappointing. With a morning domestic connection to Sapporo, and no time to eat, with no meals served on the domestic sectors - left us without food until early afternoon. The cabin was too warm and stuffy on both the overnight flights - apparently to appease the Japanese. Certainly did not need warm clothing nor the blanket provided. .Additionally, cabin crew did not come around the cabin offering water or juice resulting in a considerable thirst. Cabin crew dressed in attractive, professional uniform but spoilt at meal times by them wearing aprons - but maybe this is a cultural thing. I did observe a cabin crew member not ask for the window tint to be opened for landing -perhaps a potential safety issue as we could not see outside the aircraft. .Despite the negatives, we enjoyed a very comfortable flight.
  We only flew briefly, but the flight was mostly fine for a short flight, service was great. Aircraft was really hot which made the flight a bit difficult. There was no entertainment or food on this domestic flight.
  My trip included very long layovers in Tokyo and ANA offers lounge privileges to Premium Economy passengers so that was a factor in my decision. I have also flown ANA in the past and been pleased with the service. The seat was comfortable and offered ample legroom and the service was good. The food was awful and the choices were made from a laminated card which was shown to each passenger. The selections were uninspired and served in a cardboard tray. Drinks, including wine, came in paper cups. This was a distinctly un-premier level of service. Having recently flown Air New Zealand in premium economy, ANA was a significant disappointment. They need to up their game if they want to call it “premium”.
  Flew flight NH203 which departs at 22.45. Catering on this flight was very poor. No meal service after departure. This is a 14h flight so many passengers are not in a rush to fall asleep and a light dinner option should be offered. All passengers started ordering mid flight snacks even though it was just after take off. This 14h flight only offers one hot meal in Business Class. A breakfast with one Japanese option and two Western options. Of those two western options, one is with Seafood Pilaf. The other option is a plate with cheese and lettuce which ANA calls “continental breakfast”. No warm bread was offered. Very poor catering for a 14h flight. ANA should be offering a brunch style main meal service which would adapt perfectly to the early hours of FRA and lunch time of origin HND. Also, ANA offers poor bedding. Given the amount of ultra long haul flights it operates, they should offer better bedding. Wifi should be complimentary in Business class
  10/10 the best customer service I’ve ever experienced. I had some problems getting my bag from LAX to HANEDA, and they did everything they could to located and send it. Thank you!
  The flight NH78 on Oct. 16 from Chitose to Haneda was late for about 30 minutes, and i had only about 30 minutes to make a transit from T2 to T3 at Haneda to Sydney. ANA ground Staff at Chitose check in counter was very helpful to make a call to Haneda to confirm if i could catch the flight NH879 that night. Also ANA had arranged a ground service lady to greet me at the exit gate of NH78, and accompanied me all the way from T2 to T3 via a shuttle bus (from T2 to T3), got thru' the custom again at T3, and then to the boarding gate of NH879. I'll rate a 11 out of 10 if possible.
  You buy tickets way in advance just to seat with your partner in completely different places. Online check in for domestic flight is not working, at the check in desk no one helps, at the gates as well. 
 It is easy to understand why ANA is always a 5-star airline. This trip was a perfect example of how good they are. The service is personal, always with a smile. The food (I went for the Japanese selection) was amazing, beautifully served and tasty. And the new configuration in Business is the best I have ever flown. Individual rooms with doors and a mini sofa with lots of space to stretch out. Premium quality bedding made it even better. This was probably the best flight across the Pacific that I have ever taken. If I could give more then 10, I would.
  I don’t understand why they served unchilled champagne and the same applied to serving Japanese sake. The flight attendants maintained fast and courteous services. But they didn’t spread a tablecloth at the time of a snack. One of them spilled some port on my pyjamas; however, much to my surprise, their devoted work followed. They succeeded in washing out wine stains and drying it out. What dumbfounded me was that as few as 1,500 miles would be credited to my ANA account. Back home, I contacted ANA Customer Relations and voiced my complaint: I asked, “Why does ANA do a thing like this which makes customers find ANA stingy?” A representative answered politely, “Thank you for your suggestion. We accept it as an opinion.”
 I had the most infuriating experience with ANA during my recent business class flights from Korea to Japan and then from Japan to San Francisco.  I asked the flight attendant for a meal without meat. The flight attendant was surprised and didn't know what to do about it. So the flight attendant offered me a very small Knorr brand Cup of Noodle soup. On the 13-hour flight from Japan to San Francisco as we took off, I again informed the flight attendant of my dietary preferences. She promised a Sea bass meal and vegetable soup from the menu. An hour later, I was presented with a vegetable soup. Eagerly anticipating the promised Sea bass meal, I was informed that it would be served 2 hours before arriving in SF. They served cold chicken sandwiches and ramen in between, but I thought I would  wait for the sea bass. I decided to catch much-needed sleep, only to wake up to the pilot announcing our arrival in San Francisco in an hour. Panic-stricken, I dashed to the kitchen, begging for food, only to be told that the kitchen was closed. The flight attendant said with a smirk that I was asleep during their food service. When I got home, I found out about the meal request 24 hours before departure on ANA's website. I wasn't aware of it.
  The food was good, the drinks were pretty good and the legroom was fine. One downside is so cold I have to use my blanket at times but it’s so easy to sleep with a blanket and also pillow.
  Arriving from Europe by Air France, we could checkin and drop our luggage for domestic flight at ANA same terminal counter, and then go smoothly to T2. Brand new A321 with a nice pitch.
  Pretty disappointed with ANA, especially when compared to JAL. Seats are dated and half are very exposed. The Japanese food was generally good and at times excellent. The champagne was undrinkable. The pre-flight drinks (where offered) were from plastic disposable cups. The main listed wine selection on every leg was unavailable. The crew were generally good and attentive. It is such a pity that they appear to be economising.
  Great service, lovely crew, comfortable seats, lots of leg room ( I am 6'2"), roomy toilets and an immaculately clean aircraft. It’s hard to imagine how a 14 hour flight in economy could be done any better. I paid in advance an extra £15 for a special Japanese meal which was most definitely worth it and really delicious, beautifully presented.
 Overall was a good experience, check in went smoothly, food was decent for airline food and the staff was friendly. The main downside was that the lounge in Tokyo Haneda was overcrowded.
 Paid for seats so entire family is together. Airline changes aircraft/seats and puts a stranger between us. Not even a single thought goes in this process. Extremely difficult to connect with someone on the phone. Unfortunately the competition is worse. Over the years flying changed from a fun way to travel to a dreadful experience.
 I’m super unhappy about ANA service. They asked me and my daughter to move our luggage after we have settled down, me and my daughter are both short, but she didn’t offer her help, so that I almost dropped my luggage on one of passengers. Later during the breakfast time, she didn’t offer food to my daughter until I figured it out. My daughter is shy girl, so I had to step out and ask her to bring the breakfast to her. This kind of things have never happened to me before. I’m extremely unhappy about ANA service. 
  
I want to thank you to the staff of this airline as I received a great customer service. While I needed to do some ticket changes on the spot, they come ahead and helped me through very well and quickly. Without their awesome help, I would not have been Able to be on the flight. There were on delays at all also. I recommend everyone to choose this airline. Thanks.
  ANA provides a good value in Premium Economy. The flight attendants are top-notch. The cabin environment is comfortable, quiet, and relaxing, much different than I’ve experienced on US airlines to Japan. The seats are larger, more padded, and allow for reclining and leg support for sleeping, plus less crowded and easier bathroom access. Also, you can get two seats together for more privacy. The food was ample and delicious. If you aren’t offered the business class drinks you want, just ask and they will happily provide it (whiskey!) We purchased tickets about 5-6 months early and by the time we left, economy class seats were the same price as what we paid for premium economy. At check in we were offered a paid upgrade to business from ORD to Haneda but at $500 per person we didn’t feel it worth the money and we were pleased with our decision. I would choose ANA again.
  Pretty faultless. Another smooth domestic flight with ANA. Bag drop after arriving on an international flight from Singapore at Haneda was smooth and convenient. Got one of their flash sale discount fares, so was reasonable. Free Wi-Fi works well on board if you have the ANA app, but it could probably be easier to connect initially.
 The ANA business class product is superior, and in particular the room. The food served in business class is top-notch, and the service is impeccable. I have absolutely no problem with the in-flight experience with ANA. However, their customer service is a joke. You cannot get a human being on the phone without an amount of delay. Every time I call the customer service number, of which there is only one, I am told the waiting time will exceed 60 minutes and to try again later. Today I made four calls to ANA, each time waiting between 45 minutes and one hour before either getting cut off, or getting impatient and concluding the call attempt.
  Enjoyed my recent flight with ANA from YVR to HND. Flight left and arrived on time. The flight attendants were very helpful, even preparing my bed when it was time to sleep. The seats are comfortable in business class and convert to a lie-flat bed. The seats on the sides are off-set with one directly at the window and the next somewhat closer in and away from the window. Seating is 1-2-1. A common complaint with the 787 is that the windows do not go completely dark as there are no shades but simply window tinting. The food and beverage service was excellent. I always select that Japanese meals with this airline and am never disappointed. The entertainment system offers a good selection of movies and of course headphones are provided. It is no surprise why ANA is and remains a 5 star Airline.
  Staff service remains one of the top notch across the airline industry. ANA staff are polite and attentive. Despite I'm sitting on the economy class, the crews still try their best to make sure we are comfortable from the beginning to the end of the trip. Thanks to the 2x3x2 configuration, seats are generally comfortable.
  Had read, and seen rumors about ANA's HND Lounges closing early due to manpower, or too many passengers in the Lounge. However was warmly greeted, and entered. Had never used the HND Lounge. Lounge was nice, and exceptional. I liked the massive glazing, so see the magnificent sunset over Japan. Announcements were made about our aircraft, not being ready on time. We boarded late. Boarding was quick. I was second to last to board. We headed out, and were served a A la Carte Sandwich. Only one round of drinks. I slept well and woke up to a second meal, with multiple drink rounds. Landed at SFO late, and proceeded through Immigration, and the Luggage Pickup. ANA staff were present there. Have been flying with ANA since 2007, have never been disappointed. Looking toward the next ANA adventure.
  Arrived BKK at 0615. ANA was only checking in the BKK-NRT flight. So we had to wait. Check in was fast, and efficient. I used the Miracle Lounge. Was kind of hard to find, and had to be directed by the Kris Lounge Staff to find it. Lounge was quiet, with lots of seating. Boarding commenced, and was welcomed aboard. We took off on time. Meal was served, with multiple drinks rounds. Flight had a Medical Emergency, and a announcement was made for Medical Staff to assist. Cabin Attendants came around with a drink Menu, including Champagne, Sake, and other selections. I had the Champagne. As we approached HND, I was able to see Fuji San. Landed at HND, Captain and Crew made announcements for us to please remain seated, while Emergency Personnel removed the Sick Passenger. Flying ANA on regional flights is fun, and I will continue to use them as I can.
  Boarding was on time but with buses, welcome was friendly and tentative. We departed on time. I had preorder Western option from menu. Appetizer and desert was Japanese style, main course was Western style. Breakfast was Japanese style, not my taste. I can understand to want to saw their travelers the Japanese style but when they order Western option, they should respect their choices. There was WiFi available on the flight and is free on Business Class. IFE was good with a good selection of movies. They offered pajamas and collected our coats.
  Tokyo Narita to Bangkok in Premium Economy. ANA Lounge at NRT packed, until just before 5PM. Boarded on time. Seat was extremely comfortable, and I was able to stretch out. While still parked, Cabin attendant approached me, and explained documents for entry to Thailand not required. We took off on time. Quickly I fell asleep. I woke up on descent to BKK. We landed but had to wait over 25 minutes because our gate was occupied. Landed, with ANA telling us what luggage carousel we were on. It's always a pleasure on ANA, and I look forward to the next trip.
  San Francisco to Tokyo Narita in Premium Economy. Had not flown with ANA since 2018, so I was excited to experience them again, and did not know what to expect. Purchased tickets in October 2022. ANA Counter as SFO fast, courteous, professional, and efficient. Was through extremely quick. United Club Lounge redone, and modernized. They didn't make announcements, so I had to pay attention for boarding. We boarded efficiently, pushed back, taxied, and took off. Cabin attendants walked around, seeing who needed entry documents for Japan. 787-9 seat comfortable, and spacious. Served a drink round, then lunch, with a second round of drinks. Browsed through IFE, but did not see anything interesting. So I Dozed off. Cabin lights were perfectly dimmed. Lights turned on, and we were served second meal. Followed by drink rounds. Landed at NRT ahead of time. Despite a 54 month absence, ANA has shown they do not miss a beat.
  Horrendous seats on the 787, armrest could not be removed. English skills off the crew is bad. Several instances where i had to ask three or four times to get my ordered drink without success. The only good one, was the one which was assigned originally to my side. Most annoying was that although it was already sunrise over Greenland, they shut all windows down from the galley which  confused my biorhythm (it was a dayflight). Check-In in Haneda took me 40 mins, no fast track security and the Lounge is a zoo. Asked for a shower and was told to register at a counter. I am usually the first to criticize Lufthansa for their business class but in comparison i would choose them.
  Just after the plane door closed on my flight from Dulles to Tokyo, I discovered that my phone was lost. It's too long a story to tell in detail, but the bottom line is that many ANA team members were involved in locating my phone in the boarding area and getting it to me in Japan just a day later - agents at Dulles, a wonderful flight attendant on board, and agents in the baggage claim area at Narita. I've always loved ANA, but seeing how their team dealt with my problem on my 6th flight to Japan has made me love them even more. I'm so grateful to ANA staff for all their help. ANA leaders should be very proud of their team.
  ANA should offer classes to other airlines on how to treat customers---they are so good in so many ways. First of all, economy class seats are comfortable and pretty roomy. The meals are generous, interesting and tasty. And the staff are just the best. Always giving service with a smile, they engage passengers at every turn. Japan is a country known for its good service and the crew on this flight was the embodiment of the Japanese service standard. On this flight, there was a full lunch with several dishes and then later a pretty tasty snack. Video choices are excellent and live TV is offered as well. It is a fine airline and deserves its 5-star rating.
  We did the flight on domestic  from Tokyo to Okinawa, about 3h with my wife and our daughter of 1.5 years old.  At platinum desk they offer to take in check in baggage, baby car and ask the team to prepare a baby cart in arrival. The lounge did have a baby play room star wars. It was great check-in is as well, well organize for family. Overall a good flight with family.
  I'm Japanese and the flight review was very good! The Seats were kind of uncomfortable, but the staff Service was great! It was so clean and the snacks they gave out was good. The drinks were so good too! I would recommend flying ANA to go to Japan.
 Though ANA is a very good airline, and both the planes and lounges are great, the lack of customer service at this time is very frustrating. You simply cannot reach them by phone. I have spent countless hours trying to reach them.  Covid is just an excuse to save huge money on service. Plus, there are no walk in offices. This will be the last time I use them. If you cannot make a change, or cancel, what is the point? The website keeps showing errors. Useless.
  My step son flew from San Francisco to Manila via Tokyo on April 13th. Due to the covid the Philippines required a updated form and he was not able to make the flight on April 12,2022. I called ANA and the woman I spoke with was wonderful. I lost connection talking with her at 4 am the next morning. She called me back and was able to rebook my stepson on the next available flight. There was no additional charge and she was able to take care of everything. I wish I had gotten her name since she was outstanding and would like ANA to know.
 We had booked meet and assist support for our Autistic son it was such a relief for us and him to have been supported so kindly throughout the flight process He was checked on throughout the flights, escorted to lounge and collected for boarding Brilliant care and support Thank you
  Check-in was easy, boarding was done by groups and worked well. FAs were very pleasant and hardworking. Unfortunately my breakfast was awful. We were kept hydrated regularly and an hour before landing,  served a tasty chicken tikka roll. The flight took an extra hour because of Philippines air traffic problems and very little information was given out by the pilot. As a result, we landed an hour late. We had to go through security at Narita which delayed things. However, ANA still managed to get my bags transferred to the United flight for which I am grateful.
  Can't expect much for premium economy so the seat, meal and inflight entertainment was fine. What was horrible is the policy to require mask in a 14h flight. What made it worse was the flight was midnight but the counter was only open 2 hours prior, which is normal, but made passengers unable to use lounges. What's the use of paying the additional fee? Also they only opened 2 counters for non Business. Very slow and long 1h wait
  Very smooth check in with very generous baggage allowance. Boarding was well organized and done in zones. Cool aircraft with Star Wars robot characters talking between announcements. Service was exceptional which is something I’m used to with ANA by now.
  The check-in and boarding were such a breeze and I really appreciate the zone system that made it even smoother. Very very generous baggage allowance for economy (2 pieces 23KG each). The airplane was comfortable and clean. ANA staff are some of the best out there so expect extreme quality of service. I was surprised that no snacks were served e but that’s not a big deal.
  The boarding, the seat legroom, the staff, the food, the service, the cleanness are all 10/10. The only area for improvement is the entertainment, the movie selections.
 Would probably never recommend this airline to anyone. While their staff are nice and did tried to accommodate us, it made absolutely no sense that we are put on two separate seats again. Twice! First time, they were able to change our seats and this time they just say "sorry it's full". We even checked in 23 hours ahead and were unable to grab any seats together. Upsetting to have to sit next to random people.
  On 11/13/2022 while checking in for NH880 Sydney to Haneda, ANA employees stood and bowed to its customers, making a commitment to providing the best of service to them. While our arrival at Haneda was on time, we missed our connecting NH239 to Fukuoka due to mandated Covid testing and Immigration. The helpful ANA staff at Haneda rebooked us on ANA243 to arrive three hours later. Upon arrival at Fukuoka, ANA representative Ms. Kitazaki greeted us at our arrival gate. She advised we would have to hurry to make our connecting flight to Guam. She expedited us to the baggage claim area and advised we had two minutes to board the International Terminal shuttle. When she realized we would never get to the shuttle in time, she sprinted ahead 50 yards to delay its departure so we could board. We were the last on and because of it, we made our flight to Guam by 10 minutes. Ms. Kitazaki not only fulfilled the ANA “bowing” service commitment pledge but exceeded it. We would be honored and most grateful if ANA would recognize Ms. Kitazaki as an extraordinary team member of an outstanding airline. With appreciation. Ann and Dayton Auyong, Guam USA
  The aircraft and crew are safely neat! They required passengers to use sanitizer and wear mask as we entered the aircraft; clean floors including lavatory; food was very good and were using silverwares rather than disposables. Crew are helpful and kind. I saw one lady attendant , I think that was on flight NH 2 on October 18, she helped a mother with crying baby. Took the baby from the mother, she held the baby until the baby stopped crying and fell asleep, that was so sweet. Kudos to ANA for seeing caring crews!
  Taking ANA to Tokyo this morning, the experience is so great and definitely brighter up my trip. All air stewards are friendly, polite, caring and taking initiative to check with passengers on their needs. Nearly every hour, there is a surprise offer such as cold drink, hot drink, , breads, sweets! I am so impressed. Before I alight the flight, the stewardess who served me a yuzu drink earlier even remember me & checked with me if I like the drink .. amazing! One of the best airline I have encountered among my recent years travels. Thank you All Nippon Airways
  ANA All Nippon Airways is the Best. We have traveled on many airlines around the world, but the service on ANA is the very best we have ever experienced. We want to call attention to the four flight attendants Aina, Seina, Ken, and Frame who served us on flight NH849 from Tokyo to Bangkok. All the attendants were great, but these four attendants were all exceptionally professional, hard-working, polite, and attentive. We appreciate all the extras, like the real silverware, selection of movies and the pillows and blankets. (We do wish, however, that there were a vegetarian food option for my wife.) We were only flying economy, but with service like this, they make ANA economy seem like First Class! 
  No one enjoys a long flight, and ours was over 12 hours, but we really appreciated the quality and friendliness we found on All Nippon Airways! The food was delicious and came just when we felt a little hungry. The airplane was spotless and so well cared for, with lots of amenities even for those of us in Economy seats. The flight was flown steadily and comfortably even though there were storms in the area, and the flight attendants were amazing - professional and kind. What really impressed us though was when my mom accidentally dropped her phone on the plane. It had her ID info in it, and when they found it they sent someone all the way across the airport, through customs, to a different terminal to where where we were waiting at our next gate in order to hand deliver it to us. I wish we would’ve gotten the name of the man who brought us the phone because he even stayed around just to make sure we were taken care of since he knew our original connecting flight had been canceled. We highly recommend All Nippon Airways for the best flight experience possible. To say they go above and beyond is absolutely an understatement. Thank you!
 Since travel to Southeast Asia has resumed under normal conditions, I purchased a Business Class RT. All the ANA personnel were very helpful in every way. Business Class were boarded in group 2. It was a very structured and quickly accomplished. Flight service was outstanding and very efficiently done. Food was quite good and well presented. Connecting flight from NRT to BKK was a 789-9. Business Class was maybe half full. Once again the flight service was outstanding. I did think the food could have been a little better amount for a 6.50 flight. We arrived 20 minutes early and very smooth immigration and customs. I changed my flight from Business Class to First Class from BKK to ORD. There was no First Class on NH808 from BKK to NRT. So, I flew Business Class and there was no food until about 1.30 before landing in NRT. Once again the flight attendants were outstanding. After arriving in NRT, I was escorted to the ANA First Class Suite lounge for the 8 next hours. Not very many people in the lounge. I was escorted to NH012 and boarded. Only 3 of us in First Class. The most outstanding flight service began. All the Flight Attendants introduced themselves. After the take-off and the meal service started. It really looked as if was going to a feast. I became quite ill and very cold. They set up my bed and gave me many blankets and I slept for about 8 hours. They constantly checked on me, which I appreciated very much. I did feel better when I woke up. We had to land in Rockford due to weather and did not get to ORD until about 6pm. I would recommend ANA Business class an First Class at any time. US airlines could learn a lot from Asian airlines.
  ANA boards in groups and aisle seat passengers board last, ie group 5. FAs were fantastic, attentive, polite, treated everyone well. The Premium economy cabin is laid out in a 2x4x2 seating and I was on the aisle, 26D. Be aware that C, D and H seats on the 777 have an entertainment box limiting your leg space but in because the width of the seat is wider, so it wasn't too bad but just annoying. The flight was punctual and everything ran smoothly. IFE was available and featured movies in English but had an extensive Japanese menu. There were no English TV shows, only Japanese TV serials. My food was awful. The main course was very small and very salty and not well presented.It was an odd mix of cold soba noodles, a sushi roll with edamame, a bun with butter and a salad, usually Japanese style potato salad with mayonnaise. They handed out a half sandwich halfway through the flight (egg salad) and drinks were offered regularly. The wine selection was dreadful and my sparkling wine undrinkable.  We were offered eye masks, toothbrushes and earplugs. Everyone had a pair of slippers and earphones in their seat. There was a blanket and pillow but the plane was too hot for use of the blanket. The staff responded promptly to calls and all requests and I was impressed with them. They are way better than SQ and gives SQ a run for its money. After a 2 hour wait in Narita, boarded the 787 for KUL. Again, a smooth journey, food offerings again small, salty and a confusing mix of Japanese and Western on a tray. Note that food offerings in PE is same as economy and their website says they provide PE passengers with a business class dessert but that never appeared. However, we were served Hagen Das ice cream which was welcome. I would highly recommend this airline for punctuality and attentive staff but bring some snacks and avoid their wines.
  I was looking forward to this flight as it would be my first time flying with ANA and heard great things about the airline. I chose and paid a little extra for Seat 30A, which turned out to be a mistake. The seat does not recline, and is up against the bulkhead. The seat is also more narrow due to the built-in tray. Most uncomfortable seat for a long flight. Disappointed that I could not upgrade my seat from Economy to Premium Economy. Crew was attentive and courteous. There were two meals served on this flight, which were average at best. 
 KUL-NRT-IAD, Premium Economy service. There were multiple emails from ANA prior to travelling leaving instructions on what to do during travel in the Covid era. Some of these instructions are hard to follow and complicating. At KLIA, no dedicated check-in counter but joint check-in with Economy. Check-in staff were good, efficient and handled things without too many issues, lounge access at MH golden lounge which was fine. The ANA lounge at Narita was very busy and had inadequate toilets and seating areas. On boarding, no preferential boarding with PE unlike when I travelled with them 3 years ago. ANA board in groups and the boarding process in KLIA is poor with instructions from the gate staff which cannot be understood. On board, FA's were fantastic, they were attentive and proactive. No noise cancelling headphones on KL-NRT sector but they were offered on NRT-IAD flight. Where ANA falls short is in the meal service. Their meals are small in size and for a 12 hour flight between NRT-IAD, the quantity of food served is inadequate. The food is reasonable tasty but generally noting to shout home about. The cabin was kept clean throughout and toilets were immaculate. The IFA was mediocre. No TV shows, just movies. The seats are starting to show their age but they were comfortable. The leg rest was useless as it didn't offer much support and the buttons used to operate the recline and leg rest were stiff and hard to press. Overall, the flight is good value for money but catering needs to be improved.
  ANA continues to deliver outstanding service both on the ground and in the air. The flight attendants take care of one's every need. Very obliging and incredibly polite. My business class seat was very comfortable and allowed me to sleep for some time on this evening flight into Bangkok which takes some 7 hours. And the food is some of the best available. Unless you don't enjoy Japanese food, always select the Japanese over the Western meal. The dinner they served was one of the best I have ever had on an aircraft.
 Before the pandemic, I flew a lot, though this was my first trip with ANA. The staff were very warm and friendly, as well as professional and courteous. I dread flying, it's something I usually like to be over with as soon as possible. However, my flight was most enjoyable and the time went by rather quickly! Though I flew in coach, I was very comfortable. Even the food, something not usually celebrated out of business class, was quite enjoyable. Your staff on this flight should be commended for their professionalism, attentiveness, and, immense friendliness. I will make ANA my go-to airline.
  I flew with ANA from Jakarta to Washington DC with a transit in Narita on Nov 2021. Boarding and disembarking went quite orderly, everybody waited until it's their turn, so there's no jostling at all. The flight was pleasant and the aircraft was clean and spacious enough. Cabin crew are kind and helpful. Even though the second flight was delayed due to technical problems, it was a pleasant experience. The return date on my ticket is 30 March. But I decided to return this month, in february. I called ANA customer service this morning and got Ms Hisae on the line. She was very courteous and patient with me while trying to reschedule my booking, she waited on the phone all the time when I was trying to punch in my credit card numbers to pay for the difference in taxes, which is a minimal amount. It took quite a long time for the process of rescheduling and submitting the credit card number and Ms Hisae guided me patiently through the whole process which took about an hour to complete, and she chose aisle seats for me too. Thank you so much for your kind services Ms Hisae, I really appreciate it very much. I look forward to fly ANA again on my return home this month. I'm certain the services will be as good as my outbound flight in Nov. I strongly recommend ANA for travelers to Japan or the USA.
 We flew ANA flight NH 12 from Tokyo Narita (NRT) to Chicago O'Hare (ORD) on January 13th 2021 as part of trip home to Houston after a SE Asia Family trip. We connected to NH 12 from another ANA flight so after passing security we go directly to our boarding gate. ANA requires all passengers to keep their mask on all the time while in the airplane and while transiting except when eating or drinking. Several ANA gate attendant were making rounds checking people's documents to ensure everybody can legally enter the US. This is better than the UA process of lining everybody up in just one line and clueless on what is the requirement for entry for different countries like we experienced in SFO on our outbound trip. Boarding was announced a few minutes early. Boarding was done in groups; Business Class passengers going first then they start loading Economy from back to the front. They called by rows so there is minimum line formed at the gate, and people can social distancing while lining up. The aircraft was a 14 years old B777-300ER (JA875A) but still in good condition. The flight was quite full but boarding was done quickly. Even with the announcements on cleanings already done on the aircraft cabin, we used Clorox wipes to clean tray tables, seatbelts, armrest and screen when we got to our seat. The seat has fixed back and pivots on the upper section and slides the seat cushion forward for reclining, so there is no risk of person in front of you reclining and intruding into your space. There is footrest under the seat in front of you. Entertainment was OK but for an 11 hour trip like this more choice of movies and TV programs will be appreciated. We used our 3.5" jack wireless transmitter and bluetooth earphones to avoid cable tangles from the provided earphones. The FAs on this flight were relatively younger than the other ANA flights we flew last few times. They are very courteous, polite and helpful, and they are cheerful when they were doing their job and their positive attitude helps passengers to relax. Rice crackers and wet towelettes were handed out with the first drink service. Afterwards we were served dinner along with another drink cart service. Dinner was either beef sukiyaki or braised seafood. I opted for sukiyaki and it was really good. Later breakfast was served and the choices are salmon flake omelette or pancakes. I chose pancakes and the pancake was good, infused with lots of syrup along with a chicken sausage. Before we land we got a tomato cheese bread snack. we were properly fed during the trip compared to American airliners. In between meals the FAs going around offering water bottles or snacks every couple hours or so. They also set up a snack and drink basket that we can help ourselves at the back galley. There were two teams of FAs and I can see them all working hard and all were very cheerful and helpful to the passengers. They were all so good that I decided to give them a box of chocolate I got from Narita during our transit. They initially refused saying this is too much for them but I told them they deserve it for their good service and to share with the other Team, and they finally obliged. We had to wait for late transferring passengers so we were around 15 minutes behind schedule, but we caught up along the way and arrived at 1.13 pm, 37 minutes early to Chicago O'Hare's Terminal 5. Deplaning was done very orderly, they called by the rows to deplane so there is no line waiting to get off the plane.
  Jakarta to Tokyo Narita on 13th January 2021 on the way home to Houston after a SE Asia trip. Checked in online and was able to secure bulkhead seats. Bag drop counter person worked very quick and professional, and put a priority tag on our luggage. Boarding was done in an orderly fashion, Business Class first, then Economy by row from back to front. The aircraft was a 5 year old B789 (JA875A). The seats were spacious, with footrest and leg rest, and a small tray for holding drink in between the seats, and an individual reading light. Aside from us, there is only one other person in the whole Premium Economy section. The aircraft is clean, but we still use the Clorox wipes to clean the tray table, seatbelts, armrest and the screen when we got to our seat. The tray table and screen in the bulkhead seat is folded into the seat and the touch screen is quite responsive. There is enough movies and TV series to occupy us for this 6.5 hours flight. We left 22 minutes late because we have to wait for some late passengers. But we arrived at 3:13 PM local time, a good 27 minutes ahead of schedule. FAs for this trip were very polite and courteous, and quite helpful and cheerful, a better crew set than the previous ANA flight from Tokyo 2 weeks before. We were given rice crackers, drinks and wet wipes after takeoff, then the breakfast cart start making their rounds. Choices are pancakes and white fish, and I chose the pancake. The pancake was fluffy and infused with syrup, and the accompanying chicken sausage and veggies are quite decent. The drink cart making its round again with the lunch/heavy snack before we arrived in Tokyo. Altogether this is a nice flight with ANA, and everything was going very smoothly during the trip.
 Flew ANA Tokyo Narita - Jakarta on 31st December 2020 as part of a SE Asia Trip with family. We arrived from SFO on UA and ANA checked all transit passenger documents at their transfer counter before we are given a clearance to proceed to our respective gates. We had time to spare so we stayed at ANA Lounge prior to our departure. Boarding was very orderly and they called passengers by row starting from the back. Most of us have been seated 30 minutes before departure time but had to wait for transfer or late passengers so we were leaving around 15 minutes behind schedule. The plane was an 8 year old 788 (JA805A) but still very clean and in good condition. The seats cushion is fine and here is this net type footrest under the seat in front of you. The load is quite full (perhaps 70-80%) but the flight attendants were able to give out good service. Rice crackers snack, drinks and hand wipes were given after takeoff, and there were two other drink runs afterwards, one with supper and another one with the snack. In between the FAs went around every couple hours to offer bottled water. We got a very good supper (White fish or seafood in red sauce - I chose the seafood and it was good!) and after that a cheese tomato roll snack an hour or so before we arrived. A FA remembers when I asked for sake for dinner but she didn't have it in her cart, and she promptly return with the sake afterwards. However the crew doesn't seem to be the cheerful type. They are courteous and helpful but they are not as friendly as most ANA FAs I met in the past. As usual in a long flight I took a walk to the back of the plane and stretch in front of the restroom near the back galley, and afterwards returning to my seat through the other aisle. When I was passing the galley a FA was asking if I need anything and that I shouldn't be in the back galley area. Well I told her I was on my way back to my seat but since I'm here I'll take a cup of sake and some crackers if she don't mind. It surprises me since in most other long haul flights they always set up a snack basket and beverages in the galleys for people to take themselves and we can always cross the galley when we're walking around. This doesn't seem to be the case - or is it because of this particular route or crew, I don't know. Entertainment works well, and we used our 3.5" jack wireless transmitter and bluetooth headphones to avoid the cable tangle. Movie selection is not too extensive but enough for this 7+ hours flight. We land in CGK at 11.26 pm or 29 minutes ahead of schedule, and deplaning was done quick and orderly. This is a good flight with ANA but I believe we may have a crew set who were not as enthusiastic or cheerful in providing service, or perhaps due to this flight being a night flight but not a redeye because they all looks kind of tired and reserved.
  This is the 1st time I was travelling with ANA, and you could understand why customers or aviation fans highly praise  Japanese airlines. Although the seat in this flight was not that comfortable (the model is 767); the food & beverages could help you forgotten the uncomfortable feeling of the seats. The food is really amazing; hot enough, taste delicious, and the most important thing Is that after you have your dining finished; the flight attendants will serve you drink Every 15 mins with a different beverages each time; which I have never experienced on other airlines. The attitude of the flight attendants are perfect; with smile on their face, try to help everything that they can, being professional all the time (Including the ground service as well). I strongly recommend ANA for other visitors to Japan.
  Manila to Vancouver via Tokyo. As part Filipino and part Japanese, I’m proud to say that the presentation of the safety video is very nostalgic and very cultural, which is what I love! The effort, cleanliness, quality and excellent service of the Japanese food and care from the flight attendants is superior!  The food tastes freshly steamed and cooked with juicy flavors from the main dish, whereas the small side dishes tastes great, plus mini ice cream for dessert! Entertainment was great too. I even like how they even set up a warning about safety concerns for turbulence impact, reminding to wear your seatbelt and PA announcements on the mini TV screen. The cleanliness in the aircraft, the space and comfortably is superb! My only concern is the room space for the leg space for the economy class in the very back seat which is connected to the wall. Either way, the seat itself with the pillows and the blankets are pretty comfortable and clean!  I highly recommend to anyone to look into ANA, their honesty about operating during a pandemic crisis like at this time is strongly recommended to those who are struggling to return to their homes. I would like to say thank you so much again for your hard work and effort and for taking us home safely during this pandemic as it’s tough to work through this crisis. This is the best airline experience I had  been through.
  New York to Tokyo with ANA. Unbelievably good from gate staff right through to landing. You have not experienced business class until you fly in the "room". Best business product out there. Food was exceptional, FAs were excellent. IFE screen state of the art, but enough movies to get you through a 14 hours flight. Highly recommended.
  Fukuoka to Vancouver  via Tokyo Haneda. Wonderful selection of beverages, music, movies and reading material in multiple language from a variety of genres. I appreciated the drink menu and that meal times were specifically posted in the booklet. The Kabosu aromatic water and Zange donburi were delicious. Customer Service was pleasant and cheerful while being polite. The photo I attached was from the breakfast which could have taseted better, but the quickness and practicality, with the addition that I knew exactly when it was coming showed me the preciseness of the care that was put into the planning and implementing of this service. I am sure it was easy to dispose of too which was an effective strategy, reducing the anxiety of the last couple hours significantly.
 Narita to Perth. ANA kept us informed of their actions regarding Covid19 when it was apparent that changes would be necessary due to health and supply issues. A week prior to our flight it was stated that our route would be suspended the day after our flight. Whilst the Australian governments changed their policy daily during this period, our flight remained with on ok status. We flew last night, despite having an extremely low number of passengers. Despite enduring obvious concerns regarding their industry and their personal careers, the flight staff were friendly, helpful and professional. My admiration and gratitude are overwhelming. A great and comfortable flight and any opportunities to fly with them again will be taken happily. Japan, as usual, was hygienic and had diligent use of masks and hand sanitizer everywhere. We felt completely comfortable travelling throughout our 18-day travels, with business as usual, wherever possible.
  A very enjoyable flight. I flew round-trip from Tokyo to Okinawa and was surprised that even the cheapest fare on their domestic routes includes registered luggage and allows you to choose a seat for free. The cabin crew was outstanding, one of the flight attendants gave me couple of their Star Wars postcards after I'd told her my parents are big fans of the franchise. All in all, I will surely consider flying with them again if I ever find myself in Japan again.
  Kuala Lumpur to Los Angeles via Tokyo. The premium service I have received in ANA airline exceeded all the expectations. ANA's aircraft and staff hospitality are awesome, simply they reflects the spirit of Japanese. Thanks for ANA.
  ANA is the best airline I have been on. The staff are amazing the food is good for airplane food. The reason they are amazing is because the seats were nice, the cabin and bathroom clean and there were no delays at all. The safety video was in Japanese and English with subtitles in both languages. We were in economy on departure and in premium economy coming back. The seats in economy and premium economy had a foot paddle and the seat was comfortable and recline was good. The entertainment was pretty good with lots of new movies like Endgame, Spider-Man, Far from Home and Godzilla. The lounge in Tokyo Haneda welcomes business and Premium Economy passengers which lots of airlines don't do (and only welcome business class passengers) The food was good and the lounge staff were so polite. Every time you walked past them they would say “Kon ban wa”. so I highly recommend ANA. It's a great airline.
  Bangkok to Tokyo. So I have flown on many airlines overseas now and I will say ANA is definitely one of the best if not the best. Their customer service is great, staff are friendly, the food was good and the seats were perfectly sized for an overseas flight. They were constancy feeding you which was also really nice. I think on a 13 hour flight we got fed 3-4 times, amazing. The only thing I didn’t like if anything was that if you buy a ticket through another airline with them as partner you have no ability to prechoose your own seat or to check in online. Otherwise they are perfect.
  Houston to Singapore via Narita, Premium Economy seat was great. Large and very comfortable. Slept all the way back on the journey. Food was good as well, could have had fewer carbs options, more veg and protein. There was bread, rice, soba - too much carbs, in my opinion. One stewardess kept forgetting my stuff and I had to remind them or bring it to me after a couple of hours. However, I had a really good time chatting with one of the stewardess and she allowed me to stand and stretch my legs whilst waiting for my cup noodle. Inflight entertainment for English movies is limited - if you are flying short return flights, it would be ok but I was on a longer flight so I didn't have sufficient movies to keep me occupied.
 Haneda to Kuala Lumpur with ANA All Nippon Airways. The flight into Japan was wonderful. Staff were welcoming and friendly. However, I was a little disappointed with the check in process on my outgoing flight. Once I was told of the weight limit for each baggage, I was given an extra box to move items into (which is greatly appreciated). It would be even better if the weighing scales were pointed out to passengers with the same fate as I in the future. Quite a few of their staff could not understand simple English. This also, should be improved in the future. Thanks for your service during this flight.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Seattle via Tokyo. After we were encouraged to book through their online website by Vietnam staff to save money, we were told by their staff in Vietnam that our infant might be over the weight limit for their child bassinet at the time of flying.  We were told that we should buy another seat for infant to be safe. After checking further their website, I found that the weight restriction for infants in the bassinet is 10 kg. I asked them to refund the tickets, to which they told me I must pay a cancellation fee. I suggested they could refund the ticket with no fee as I booked the ticket only 30 minutes ago. They refused because I booked my ticket on the website I was automatically directed to. I decided to deal with this and hope all would be ok. Finally flight day arrived, and we had no baby bassinet and our seats had been moved from our reserved seats. The agent at the check-in counted was very accommodating and did their best to block a seat for us so that my baby could lay down which was appreciated. Onboard I found the bathrooms ill equipped, my food was average, my seat seemed small, entertainment weak, and supplies seemed lacking for food and childcare. The return flights were worse, not receiving our originally reserved seats, and the staff could not make time to help with our seating arrangement which meant an unhappy babys.  I wrote a review after my first flight, and I haven't received any feedback. 
  Tokyo to Perth. We found the leg room was excellent. Even though take off was delayed by 30 minutes on the ground at Tokyo (due to earlier fog at Narita), the pilot managed to make up time during the 9.5 hour flight and arrive on time in Perth. We felt the food provided was not as good as it could have been. The first meal is served within 2 hours of taking off. It was a passable chicken dish with side dishes of yoghurt, salad and ice cream. The second meal is a snack and is served within 2 hours of landing. Out of Australia, the snack was fine - something like a ham and cheese croissant, but out of Tokyo the snack was an open sandwich with an inexplicable ton of mayonnaise plus vegetables (corn?), I found it horrible. The entertainment options had some recent hollywood movies to choose from - not much choice apart from that. The TV shows and documentaries were poor or non existent. ANA needs to up their game in IFE. The IFE user interface was difficult for me to use and the cabin announcements were far too quiet - I could not hear 90% of what the captain and crew announced during the flight. I probably will not fly ANA again.
  Los Angeles to Ho Chi Minh City via Tokyo. This is the best airline company. Everything is good. Customer service is the best. Aircrew is super good and helpful, professional. The food is the best etc.
 Tokyo to New York. Excellent service began from check-in, with dedicated check-in room and security screening area. ANA Suite Lounge was nice, but I some how found SQ Private Room at Changi, QF First Class Lounge at SYD and the Concorde Room at JFK better. My flight was exactly the day after ANA launched its new 777 configuration to JFK, so I got stuck with the old version. However, the cabin was sparkling clean and showed no need for upgrading. My complaint was mainly about obstructed view from the Cube, and lack of storage space providing the size of the suite. Lavatory was underwhelming for first class, especially when comparing to my experience on the new SQ Suites just a week earlier. Catering was excellent, as expected from ANA. I picked the Western menu with a lot of skepticism but then was surprised about how tasty the dishes were. The wagyu steak was indeed overcooked, as anticipated on board a flight, but it was, at the same time, tender, juicy, and flavorful. ANA 777-300ER had excellent external camera, but they decided to turn it off upon landing, so I could not have a great landing view as I normally enjoyed with other airlines.
 Tokyo to Beijing. First, the ANA lounge was very nice. There was a sushi bar but I did not try due to a long queue. The noodle bar was more than enough to keep me happy. There was no flatbed seats, but that was quite adequate for a regional flight. Service was good. In-flight meal was fine but was not as good as on ANA's long-haul flights.
  New York to Tokyo Narita. ANA flights depart from Terminal 7 at JFK. Check-in was quick and organized. As a business class passenger, I got access to British Airways Galleries Lounge, which had just been renovated with ample seating. The boarding process was well organized, and staff constantly apologized for the 15-minute-late departure. This gesture first seemed unnecessary, but it demonstrated a culture of discouraging lateness. The seat was not anything special, but comfortable, in both upright and bed modes. In-flight meals were exceptional, and they were easily one of the best airline meals I have ever had. Overall, ANA deserves its 5 stars.
  Los Angeles to Haneda was fine and service was superb. My return was not so good. After takeoff the crew started to bring out towels and rice crackers. They stopped at row 33 the row in front of me. After a short wait the crew brought out drinks and came to give us, I asked about the rice crackers, crew apologized and started bringing rice crackers and drinks. For dinner service we had a choice of Set A or Set B. We both ordered Set A, and were given 1 for my wife and I was told have a 5 minute wait,  minutes later they started with Icecream service and my wife asked about my dinner that they had forgotten. After 10 Minutes they brought to me but I refused. Every time I got up to use restroom I was asked if I wanted a drink, which I said no. 
  Bangkok to Houston via Tokyo. Fantastic Airline. First time flying with ANA,I was truly impressed. The check-in process (Bangkok) was fast, it took a about 5 minutes. The ground crew was courteous and helpful. The economy leg room was fine for me (5'8"). Seat was fairly comfortable. In flight service was exceptional. A snack before the first of 2 meals for a 12.5hr flight. I'm a vegan, so I elected for the fruit platter for my meals. Fruit was fresh. Plenty of restrooms available and all were spacious and clean. I've flown many Asian carries over the years and I can say this was the best, so far. I can see why ANA is rated as 5 star. I would recommend ANA to anyone. Will definitely travel with them again. 
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Tokyo. Absolutely fantastic experience on this airline. My girlfriend and I flew to Bangkok, Thailand. Food was served every few hours, hot and tasty for airline food. Stewardesses were courteous, kind, and had not a single hair out of place. We were disappointed that the return flight was serviced by United. The immediate change in enthusiasm, service, and courtesy was very obvious. I highly recommend ANA to anyone traveling to Asia.
  I had a domestic flight from Tokyo to Sapporo on 21/09 which I'd booked months in advance. On the morning of my flight, ANA cancelled my flight because the aircraft is no longer available. I tried various contact numbers for an hour and did not get through to customer service. I had to be in Sapporo that evening so I booked with another airline which was £350 more expensive. I didn't have time to go to the airport and hope ANA would get me to Sapporo in time. I've tried to source compensation now I'm back in the U.K but ANA refuse any compensation because they say the lack of aircraft availability was due to adverse weather. This is hard to believe seeing as no other flights were cancelled, the airport was functional and I managed to fly with another airline. 
  
Honolulu  to Tokyo Haneda. As a traveling surfer I choose an airline that charges the least, or in most cases free (as your 2nd checked), no hassle and stress free. This Check in was a nightmare as I stood at the counter for 45 minutes because my surfboard bag was too big. Finally they accepted the bag and charged me $200 but the hassle was not worth it.
  I had a ticket from Nagoya to Seattle via Tokyo and I found myself staying in Tokyo longer that I had planned. I called ANA and told them that I would not be getting on the Nagoya to Tokyo flight since I was already in Tokyo, but I would still be getting on the Tokyo to Seattle flight. They said that unless I pay them 12,500 yen ($120), that I would not be allowed to get on my flight from Tokyo to Seattle. They considered that to be changing the ticket.  I was simply telling them that I was going to skip one flight but take the other.
  Itami to Haneda. Short domestic flight. Osaka Itami airport is under renovation, dusty and unpleasant. Check-in was smooth, domestic lounge was spartan (lunch time but no warm food), boarding was robotic, aircraft was extremely clean, with efficient and pleasant FAs serving drinks.
  Tokyo to London. Staff were very friendly, food was nice but only had fish left by the time they got to the back of the plane. In flight entertainment was quite limited in English for such a long flight. Seats were horrendous, the most uncomfortable. Upgrades were heavily priced. Good service all in all, and still superior choice over British Airways and other rivals flying the same route.
  Houston to Hong Kong via Tokyo. ANA lives up to its reputation as a 5-Star airline and it is easy to see why. I paid US$825, all-in including taxes, for a round trip journey of 3 legs in each way. HKG-NRT-IAH-LIM & back (United Airlines codeshare IAH-LIM). Incredible pricing. Even from the ground, the check-in process (Haneda) was seamless and it took us a mere 10 minutes for check-in and security and immigration combined. Despite the aircraft (B767 & B777) being of some age, their interiors were retrofitted with up-to-date IFE (with a huge selection of the latest movies, no lagging or dead screens), and USB & laptop charging ports. The widebody aircraft meant that overhead storage space was more than sufficient and nobody had any problems finding space for their bags. The legroom in economy was one of the best we had ever experienced in economy. Recline could be better. (I'm 5"11 or 1.81m and I could stretch my legs out fully), seats were fairly comfortable and I had no problems sleeping 6-7 hours at a go on the 13hr flight and this is in economy. FA service was extremely hospitable. They served 2 meals and a snack over the course of 13 hours. The meals were great and as good as what some average Japanese restaurants would serve. It is also worth noting that the checked baggage arrived with no incident. The only minor gripe, perhaps, is that the 3-4-3 configuration in economy is quite a squeeze. But still, overall, it's hard to complain at such a price point. Even in economy it's such a good experience. They deserve to be consistently at the top of world rankings in all categories. 
  I flew with ANA on 10/8/2019 from Taipei to Tokyo, and the in-flight service is fine and very satisfied. My scheduled return flight was on 10/12/2019, the day of Typhoon Hagibis. When Typhoon Hagibis was about to hit I got their notification by SMS that the return flight was canceled, but they didn't give further information of an alternative flight. I called my travel agent for help, they told me there is very little they can do on their side, and I have to call the ANA English call center for alternative flight arrangement. I called multiple times, but the line was busy, and finally the call was through, and I was directed to waiting for available service personnel. After 1 hour waiting my call was finally picked up , and arrange us into their 10/13 flight at the same departure time. In the next day afternoon, I got the notification again that my flight on 10/13 was canceled again.  I called the English call center again, multiple times, but I kept getting automatic Japanese audio reply which I don't understand, and couldn't get through to their service personnel.  Later, I found that their call center was down due to surged calls. Next day I went to Haneda airport when the transport services resumed, we were directed to ANA special service counters crowded with passengers. We were told the earliest flight we can took was on 10/18, that was all they were authorized to provide on the site. And we were offered the Eng call center no. which was expected to be available again in the night of 10/13, and asked us to call the center for other possibility. That is ridiculous to me, what is the point of setting up S-counters, and have customers to wait multiple hrs (>4 hrs for us), and then tell us to call a charged call center again for additional help? 
 Tokyo to Kuala Lumpur. Decent airline but poor ticketing and check-in system. Check-in at ANA counter always takes me more than 30mins because their system indicates that the name on the check-in system and name on passport is the other way around (First name, last name). This happens even though we strictly follow ANA'S online reservation system guideline on how to input names for people from various countries. I explained this to the ground staff at Narita and Haneda multiple times but their response is usually that the reservation system is handled by another department. Discrepancy between reservation system and check in system is definitely a possibility. I can't add my miles because ANA mile systems has a totally different rule for passengers without dedicated first name and last name. So I have given up Using ANA mileage but now using United mileageplus. My family and I are relatively frequent flyers yet we never experience this with other airlines. With ANA, same problem has been going on for at least 2 yrs but we have not seen any improvement since.
  Narita to Kuala Lumpur on flight NH815. After arriving at my gate, I started to feel weird as we are boarding through buses. You have to climb up stairs to the plane carrying your hand luggage.  Maybe I have too high hopes for a 5 star Japanese airline. We are paying for service as a customer. 
  Bangkok to Tokyo Haneda. Flying with ANA is always a pleasure as even before boarding the flight you know that the service will be of a very high standard due to Japanese custom of serving the client! Hence, it was no surprise that the flight has outstanding service from the Japanese and some Thai crew. Drinks and food was served in a superb manner, plane was very clean, toilets very super clean and if or whenever you called for service the crew came immediately, spoke with the most respect and promptly served you. This is a wonderful airline which I feel even Singapore Airlines and Cathy cannot match and they are great. However, what really impressed me was how professional the Purser in charge of my section; Ms Nagakawa was! I asked a Crew member for a customer form not realising that they would consider this as me being unhappy and raise it to their Purser. Ms Nagakawa came to me and said, "Sir, you have asked for a customer form, could you give me an outline of what the problem is?" The way in which she did it and showed concern made me realise what high standards this airline puts in pleasing a client and if the client is unhappy in anyway, they don't speak down to the client like other airlines do, their senior team members come professionally to appease the situation and help the client enjoy their flight. Luckily for her I had good news about how wonderful the flight was. She so politely spoke to me and appreciated it but that was not just it, she continued to maintain high standards by constantly checking on me and personally serving service of a high standard. An absolutely magnificent Purser who led the team by example and I had one of the best flights of my life. My return flight too was superb with high quality service from ANA. I highly recommend this company for safety, service and most important of all the way in which you as a client are respected! Thank you to ANA for employing such wonderful staff like Ms Nagakawa and the other crew as well as setting such high standards
  Perth to Fukuoka via Tokyo. I would like to convey my deepest gratitude to the ANA ground staff/ supervisors in the check in desk areas at Perth International Airport. Before I could check in, I realised that I had accidentally left my mobile phone inside the car that dropped me off and I had no way of contacting them to retrieve my phone. In my distress, I turned to the first airport staff I met and they happened to be the ANA check-in supervisors. I had asked them on what I should do, whether I should check in first or try to retrieve my phone. Instead of providing me a textbook answer or redirecting me to the airport information desk, she offered for me to use her own mobile phone to call my family. I was shocked and deeply grateful. I had to make multiple calls on multiple phone numbers. But she remained She even continued to help me call my family as I checked in. They were patient, calm, and immensely helpful. In the end, I was able to retrieve my mobile phone. I am so grateful for the superb customer service. This is true service, serving with their hearts. 110% recommend. Will definitely fly ANA again! 
 Taipei to Narita on 8/30 had a serious delay and the way ANA handling it was a mess. First of all, the ANA crew did not know anything about the problem or they knew but they did not tell us, there was no communication between the airline company and customers. All we can do was keep waiting for another delay announcement. A lot of people need to transfer at NRT so the staff let them change the tickets first, that I can totally understand. However, as a business class passenger, I should have the priority to change my flight to other Star Alliance member such as EVA Air, but there was no line for that and after 3 hours waiting in line, one of the staff said the system was closed and my flight cannot be changed. They should just tell us immediately so people did not have to wait for hours. ANA did not arrange a hotel for us, I was flying from JFK to TPE then transfer to NRT, the time I arrived at TPE was 4 am, the time I left TPE was 11 pm, 19 hours of waiting, it was a nightmare. I can assure you I am the passenger who waited for the longest hours. In this case, ANA obvious did not know when the plane can be fixed, they should just arrange a hotel for passengers instead of kept postponing boarding time without explanation.  ANA paid 15,000 yen for communication is barely enough, the taxi from the airport to my hotel was around 10,000 yen, with the tips and tax there’s not much left. At Taipei, food vouchers were not enough, foods were expensive at the airport. 200-300 Taiwanese dollars can’t even get a regular lunch set or dinner set. To sum up, this trip was a nightmare because of this incident. The most disappointing things were the way ANA deal with it. I fly ANA quite often and I always have a good impression, but from this incident, I could not believe it is a 5-star airline.
  Tokyo to Bangkok in July. Wheelchair passenger have to wait for check-in more than 1 hour at Haneda airport. We had been waiting at Special Assistant line for longer than 30 Minutes, then the line not move because the ladies in front of my group have some problem. All staffs come to help her. So we move from Special Assistant to normal check-in line which is faster, wait another 15 minutes and we are the next queue. ANA staff came to us and put our group back to the Special Assistant queue again. Not good service. Total process for check-in is longer than 1 hour.
  Ho Chi Minh to to Chicago via Tokyo Narita. The Flight from Ho Chi Minh to Narita in economy was reasonable for the cost. The range of movies on the PTV system was limited and the food was very tasty. Customer service from the FAs was very excellent. The Narita-Chicago Flight was better than Ho Chi Minh to Narita because the service was better and it was flown by a B777-300ER.
  Okinawa to Vancouver via Tokyo. It was an amazing experience! We had to leave Okinawa because of a nearby hurricane. And our flight got delayed by an hour and we landed in Tokyo at 9:25pm and our next flight to Vancouver took off at 9:25pm. They had everything planned for our arrival and escorted us to our new flight in a rush and it was so well done. We got through one the worlds biggest airports in 25 mins and they paid for our taxi between terminals and rushed us through security and immigration, and they were keeping us updated the entire time. Got to our flight and safety took off. It was the best travel experience of my life.
  Manila to New York via Tokyo. I am very happy with the service and cleanliness of this aircraft! ANA and the FAs are very helpful and accommodating. They are also helpful during the flight not only with my baby but other babies too. They are mindful to our needs as a family and always courteous and polite.
 I’ve always enjoyed flying ANA on its international routes and I’m happy to report that the domestic route I flew was up to the same high standards of service. A very early red eye flight, cheap ticket but a very clean, well maintained looking interior to the aircraft. No food served but the flight attendants were very friendly and helpful without being either overly intrusive or noticeably absent. Seats were comfortable, decent enough legroom that I didn’t feel cramped on the 3 hour flight as well which was a bonus as squeezing my six foot frame into some previous airlines cabins has been torturous. No personal screens for entertainment but there were radio channels available and I always travel with a book so I was quite content. Got me where I wanted to go with no fuss and a totally uneventful journey. Thanks!
  Yangon to Tokyo. There was a storm in the South China Sea. You'd think that when the flight is cancelled, they'd at least shoot an email to the customers. They did nothing. We went to the airport and was informed that the flight is cancelled. To be fair they did pay decent compensations for hotel and transportation.
 Flew ANA from Sydney to Haneda economy and Haneda to Heathrow premium economy and same reverse (premium economy was via a bid process). Flight for economy was reasonable for the cost while the premium economy wasn't as expected in that the degree of recline was less than I expected. The range of movies on the VOD system was very limited and the food was below average. Customer service from the FAs was however excellent where they were very attentive and courteous immediatly offering eye masks and ear plugs on boarding.
  Tokyo Haneda to Sydney. Very satisfied with ANA. Their attention to detail is first class. Their service is focused on customer's safety and comfort. Professional ground and air crew. Second time to fly with ANA to Japan from Sydney and they never disappoint. The first time I was impressed and that's why I preferred to fly with them again on our second trip. As expected the service is superb.
 So I just basically did a round trip with ANA between Washington and Tokyo. The entire crew are awesome. Very polite and ready to help. The food is extremely delicious and fresh, with obviously Japanese food focused. My only complaints are with the seat and inflight entertainment. After a couple of hours sleeping, you definitely wake up with pain in your bottom. The seating could be a little bit more comfortable. The inflight entertainment could have more movies subtitled in English, there were just a few subtitled in English. But overall speaking I'm very satisfied with ANA services, I would definitely fly again with them.
 Frankfurt to Tokyo Haneda. Simply amazing! The CA were very professional, polite, friendly and helpful. The food was delicious and fresh.The seat was comfortable and had a recline different from other airlines (when you recline, it does not dirturb the passenger behind you). The service on board was a little bit slow but still efficient. Flight entertainment had a lot of movies in different languages, TV series, games, maps and seat to seat messaging. A very pleasant flight with ANA.
  Jakarta to Tokyo Haneda. Best airline experience I've had of 2019, Crew was extremely friendly, food and beverages were excellent, The IFE was nice, But one improvement, The Wi-Fi, At first I was super excited as I connected, but it did not work at all. Other than that, this airline is awesome.
  Jakarta to Tokyo Narita. I love ANA, is the best airline in the world. The best ANA flight attendant service and very helpful. I want to fly to Japan using All Nippon Airways again.
  Delhi to Seattle via Tokyo. Awesome airline! Great service and very courteous and helpful staff. The seat pitch in economy was surprisingly quite comfortable for a long distance adventure like Delhi to Seattle, which without the Tokyo halt was almost 18 hours plus of flying time and even economy class turned out to be reasonably comfortable during this long route. Channel programming was also good and there were some great Hollywood new release movies to watch from, however I would have  liked more movie content. We opted for Hindu Meal, Veg Meal and Jain Meal amongst us hoping to secure at least one good assortment in any of them. Although all of them were laid out well with fresh and high quality ingredients, unfortunately all of the lacked taste. The best amongst them was Hindu Veg Meal (if Indian food is your forte) although that too was served well but tasteless. They  need to change their Indian chefs. Apart from the let down of getting a tasteless meal, the rest of the service cannot be faulted.
  We were scheduled to fly from Hiroshima to Narita and from Narita to LAX. Our flight was 5 minutes delayed. After we boarded the plane we were on our way to Narita Airport. However the pilot could not land The first time it was due to crowd control. The second time it was due to weather. The third time he decided to change the destination to central Tokyo airport. We landed at central Tokyo airport which was the opposite direction we were heading and had to wait on the plane for about 30 min until we could get off. The staff was trying to figure out what to do. After we were allowed off the flight we had to go to a ticket counter and make new travel arrangements. We waited in line along side every other passenger on the same flight. When we were finally attended. We were told our only option was to take a train to Haneda and from there fly to LAX. We spend the day from 8am in Hiroshima until we reached the airport at Hañeda at 1230 am. We were each given $15000 yen for travel expenses. Because we had to take a couple trains and a bullet train to make it to Haneda airport My husband and I informed the clerk that our final destination was Las Vegas we had purchased separate tickets from American Airlines to get home in Las Vegas and due to the flight change we were going to lose our flight. She booked us airline tickets to LAX and apologized about our final destination being Las Vegas. So we lost our money on those tickets. I was very disappointed with this.
  Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita. ANA business class FA and food was exceptionally good. Usually fly SQ for years and now will switch to ANA. Seats comfortable, nice amenities, Japanese food delicious. FA's always were personable, smiled and were genuinely willing to assist whenever needed. Flat bed can be done easily by yourself with a switch and comfortable in all positions. I was impressed with the entire experience.
  First time flying with this airline with my family for a trip to Tokyo and back to Manila. Have to say, economy service here is better than some business class in other airlines. Tasty Japanese food, not sure if they have other menus for other routes Very polite, trained, patient and efficient crew with little to no language barrier. Seats had pretty good space with good inflight entertainment from the regular movies, episode of series but they also have current news, sports and my favorite touch, helpful how-to act, culture videos for Japan I am trying to think any negative or inconvenience and there was really none for these flights. I guess ground crew wise, there was a couple of gate switches but when I approached the ground crew they directed me promptly. Maybe they can just improve on letting the other passengers waiting know instead of waiting for people to come to them but no worries. Overall, best airline I've tried so far.
  ANA has one of the best business class seats that offer a lot of privacy and comfort. Even for a tall European of 1.85m the seat is long enough to find a comfortable sleeping position. Flight attendants are outstandingly friendly and attentive without being obtrusive or robotic, and from my experience they all speak very good English. Food quality was above average, but although the flight from Tokyo to Sydney is 9.5 hours, main meal service comes on one tray with appetizer and entree served at the same time, which I find not really reasonable. I found breakfast on this route rather bland and meagre, but flight attendants are happy to find some add-ons, e.g. a left-over cheese plate or so. Inflight entertainment is generally OK, but falls behind Singapore Airlines or Qatar in terms of choice of movies or music, at least the European/Western selection, they might have a better selection for Japanese, Korean, or Chinese taste.
  Tokyo to Mexico City. Flight was nice, Flight Attendants were helpful although meal selections were confusing for religious. Despite any meals matter, ANA showed me that they're a real 5 Star Airline.
 Chicago to Tokyo. The absolute best airline I’ve ever flown. If the price is close, I’ll always choose ANA in the future. Wonderful service, comfortable seat, great food, awesome lounge at Narita Airport in Japan. Can’t say enough great things about this airline.
  Tokyo Haneda to Bangkok. I wish to put on record the wonderful service I and my son received on your flight on 31 March 2019. The flight attendants were smiling and ever helpful. So was the airport staff. Thank you and keep it up.
  Jakarta to Tokyo. Flight is nice, but there's a lack information about what kind of food that they serve. A confusion regarding beef/ pork, so it wasn't easy for me as religious one. Mostly I ordered Kosher Meal from website, but this time I choose to search manual by menu and a knowledge by the staff was minus. Overall, it's good flight!
  We bought return tickets for 2 seats. The idea was that each of our kids would sit on our laps for the whole flight. We had problems with check-in because since our seats are side by side in a 3-3-3 seat configuration,  oxygen masks that drop in an emergency is 4 per 3 seats. This means that one parent and child sharing a seat can have a mask, along with the two other customers. The solution is to move the third customer in the row of 3 seats to another available seat, or separate the parents into two different rows of the plane.  To avoid confusion at check-in, and to save them the trouble of having to shuffle customers around at the last second, we offered to purchase a third seat today for our return flight. We were declined and told we had to cancel our tickets and buy new tickets. This was poor service. As a result, we are stuck with the stress of possibly being separated for the flight back. It shows the blatant disconnect and lack of knowledge between the people you talk on the phone, and the products they offer. To clarify, they did manage to keep us together for our flight here (they had a customer in the third seat beside us.) Had we known about this over the phone when we bought the tickets, we would have bought the third seat in the first place.
  Vancouver to Tokyo. This is our first time flying ANA and what a delightful experience. We flew JAL last year in Economy and Business Class and it was a huge disappointment. On our flight in Economy class was 3x3x3 across in seating and we were in rows 29 and 30 GH. Even when the seat infront of us was reclined, there was still ample space and we did not feel closed in at all. The plane felt new and very clean with a fantastic entertainment selection of top run movies. I had time to watch almost 4 movies, Hollywood selection along with foreign speaking films in Korean, French, and Chinese. The cabin crew that we had was fantastic! Everyone was so friendly and helpful and made us feel like VIP unlike other airline crews that you feel did not want to help. The crew always had a smile and extremely friendly. As for our meals, we chose the hamburger salisbury with potatoes and it was delicious. It had 2 cold appetizers and both were excellent. One was like an imitation crab salad and the other an aspic with spinach. A french red or white along with a white sparkling wine were offered as well as sake. Our second meal was a tuna croissant with a yogurt and apple slices. The mini tuna croissant was also very tasty. We really enjoyed our flight on All Nippon from YVR to HND as the plane was so comfortable with great air quality and not too hot in the cabin. The seats were not all cramped together and perhaps it is because it is 3 3 3 across iso so many planes now at 3 4 3 across. We will never fly JAL ever again as it is so inferior compared to ANA. We will definitely be flying with ANA in the future.
  Tokyo Haneda to Vancouver. After six flights with ANA, this is still my favourite airline. I have flown with other airlines, everything from budget to business, but ANA's excellence in food, service, and product make it my top pick. Even in economy class  I felt like a valued customer. The service is friendly and requests are handled quickly. The washrooms are kept very clean. If I had to list two areas for improvement, it would be the following: The first meal is great.  I think it is delicious and excellent value for economy class. However, it is so good that it makes the second meal inedible. On both flights (YVR-HND, HND-YVR), that sandwich in a box is the biggest disappointment. I would almost prefer it not be served at all. Seriously, the Moroccan chicken on the way to Tokyo was great, but while ANA has upgraded from a white sandwich box to a fancy blue one over the years, that sandwich still looks and tastes like sadness and disappointment. Free wifi for everyone. I have paid for wifi before, and it could be better.
  Okinawa to Tokyo, and the experience I had was just as I had heard - every bit as good. Check in was fast, the staff were very helpful and really made us feel welcome to take ANA - the Japanese Omotenashi spirit was displayed. Boarding was very efficient and the plane left the gate on time. When the cabin service started, they  had a video showcasing the services they offered on board. The cabin crew were very warm and despite the short flight, extremely attentive. Landed early in Tokyo Haneda, and the cabin crew bowed to passengers as a way of saying goodbye. Definitely would recommend ANA to anyone, their service is really top notch and other airlines could really do with learning from their customer service.
  Bangkok to Vancouver via Haneda. Every other airline better raise the bar. Great service, legroom, entertainment and meals. Fast smooth flights. Best I've ever flown with. And the price I booked for was very competitive. Had a small problem with luggage transfer, but the customer service at Haneda went to great lengths to solve.
 Early morning departure from Singapore on B777-300ER. Boarding was uncomplicated, and business class window seat was really spacious and private, with only 1-2-1 arrangement. Seating allowed multiple adjustments (electronic), including lie-flat. Multiple nooks and crannies for item storage. Service was quiet and unobtrusive throughout. Menu choices had Japanese or Western on offer, and a wide selection of titbits including ramen as snacks. Crew were constantly around and kept busy with food offerings, but always smiling and polite. IFE choices were good, with wide selection of music, movies and TV shows. Toilets were kept immaculately clean throughout. B777 was a touch noisier than the B787, but overall, still a very pleasant experience.
 Shenyang to Tokyo. There was bad communication on this flight. ANA told all passengers before the flight that, due to potential turbulence, all lavatories on the phone could not be used. This is unreasonable. It turned out that there was almost no turbulence. Luckily, the flight attendant allowed me (and others) to use the lavatory. But it caused me psychological dismay. I did not eat any breakfast or drank anything offered to me because I was afraid that I might have to use the lavatory. The ANA staff in Shenyang should not have made such a faulty and untruthful announcement. It is difficult for people, especially older adults like me, to not use the lavatory on a three-hour-long flight.
  Vancouver to Manila via Tokyo. When I first tried ANA in 2016 when returning to Manila I was so satisfied with the service and the food they offered. I've tried other airline when I returned to Manila in 2017 but not fully satisfied that's why last year I make sure that I fly again with ANA then this year again. ANA is simply the best!
  Flew with ANA from Tokyo Haneda airport to Sapporo in their Premier class. The check-in process was not so simple as check-in team made it more difficult even though our tickets were first class, they checked us in as economy class. After some clarification they realized their mistake. The ANA Lounge in Haneda looks good, however there are only refreshments available and no snacks, therefore we had to go out and buy some food for our children. Boarding was another issue as they have 3 lines of Groups 1, 2 and 3 and although we were in Premier Class with Seats in Row 1 for all 5 of us we were directed to Group 2 boarding line. We certainly were not impressed by the performance of ANA from check-in, boarding and actual flight to disembarking in Sapporo. This was our first time flying ANA in their Premier Class and would dread to think of how they treat their passengers their economy class.
  Phnom Penh to Tokyo. As usual with ANA a very comfortable experience. Flight left perfectly on time after a well organised boarding. Welcoming flight attendants served a light snack quickly after departure at 23h00, which allowed the cabin to be dimmed after less than one hour into the flight. The cabin was clean and comfortable and the entertainment selection is good. Breakfast was served 2,5 hours before landing, which I would have preferred to be later since that only was a few hours after departure.
  New Delhi to Tokyo by ANA. Being Vegetarian I was little apprehensive of vegetarian food the airline may supply. To my surprise it was one of the best Indian / Asian / Vegetarian food I had. I have been traveling a lot most in economy class and had a chance to taste varied vegetarian foods in sky but this one was simply delicious. Adding to the joy of traveling was small small courtesies shown by staff during the flight they were polite and normally such behaviour is vanishing slowly and gradually from the Economy airlines culture. The seats were really comfortable and all the items provide wire a brand new look. The leg space was better / equivalent to any top Airlines will provide. I wish that this Airlines will keep this culture in these competitive times. I would have given an extra star, had there been an option of giving. Five stars and above.
 Frankfurt to Tokyo. Simply the best airline even in economy. You feel like you are an important traveller. Cabin crew is so kind and gentle. I am an anxious traveller and they come so many times to know about me. The meal were so good and the snacks are at your disposal when you want. This my second time with ANA and if I could I will always fly with them. The Pilot made a smooth landing in Haneda and smooth take off. One of my best flight. You can bring two luggage of 23kg in economy class. This was the best for christmas gifts.
  Manila to Tokyo. Of all the 5 star airlines I have been on, ANA is the best of the best. Cabin crew were so so friendly, cheerful, attentive! They were really amazing. Food was fantastic, seats were comfortable and nice legroom. ANA will be my first choice from now on!
  New York to Manila via Tokyo. The aircraft is really clean, but the seat is horrible, instead of your back going down, your butt is moving forward, the temperature is warm and very uncomfortable. I asked the flight attendant for an ice, she gave me a soda in a room temperature and told me that they don't have ice.
  Flight NH 111 and return NH 112 between Chicago and Tokyo Haneda airport. Seats on the 2-4-3 configuration were comfortable on the 2 side with my son. Food very acceptable, especially the Japanese option. IFE not touch screen fast, but good selection. Best of all was the great service by the flight attendants. Wheel chair right on departure and arrivals with help through immigration. I will fly ANA again. BTW, my trip originated in Panama, and was given all boarding passes at the origin of the flights going to Japan and returning to Panama.
  I usually fly United Airlines when I travel; however, this time I chose ANA all Nippon Airways and it was like a breath of fresh air! So much better and more comfortable and relaxing, less crowded seats, best food on an airline I've had in years, movies available if you don't carry an I pad, and so friendly the stewardess who attended your every need. I arrived in Manila feeling so rested and thankful for such a great fight. I don't know if it's just the Japanese culture, but the stewardess who attended to me should be given some kind of award for being so gracious and kind! Thanks to ANA I don't fear flying anymore but look forward to it! 
  Tokyo Haneda to London. An outstandingly good flight, with superb food, in fact the most elaborate business-class meal I have ever experienced. A threefold amuse-gueule with pre-meal drinks, then an excellent three-course meal with a good choice of wines. The cabin staff were attentive; the takeoff and landing were both punctual, and the seat comfortable. My only complaint would be that there were no English-language newspapers available except the Japan Times.
  
Manila to Tokyo. The cabin crew delivers flawless service even in economy class. They are all smiles and willing to help the people on board. The food is very delicious especially the Japanese option. The seat however is a minor setback since it is kinda cramped although bearable enough for a 5 hour flight.
  Hangzhou to Osaka. ANA is truly a five-star airline, from my experience flying with it for the first time. I took the flight from China to Japan, which only took 2 hours and 10 mins. We delayed due to typhoon but I could see the effort that ANA group staff and cabin staff have put in to make their passengers happy and comfortable. One thing I would point out is that I could feel the difference between the tones of speech from those ANA staff and those airport staff. And that tone will initially make the first impression for passengers. On board the flight, I was warmly welcomed by the cabin crew. ANA’s cabin crew hold a very high standard service requirement and they conduct that to a very detailed and careful level. In general, the meal was one of the best I have had for this short flight and the seat was comfortable, too. The flight was very smooth as well and the flight crew kept the passengers updated quite well. The most outstanding detail I noticed about ANA crew was their cooperation during the flight. Very tiny details such as a smile, a please, a two-hand delivery, a small candy, and a poster card gift for children really made their service outstanding. If I would ask one more thing from ANA, it would probably be SMS flight status messages as they can be very beneficial for passengers especially for those with unexpected delays. But overall, this flight with ANA was 9.5/10! 
  Jakarta to Tokyo Haneda. This airline was my first choice for my flight to Japan. The flight schedule was convenient as it departs Jakarta early morning it arrive in Tokyo in the afternoon. Service onboard was very good, with wide range of snacks and beverages. But there was only one meal throughout the 8 hours flight. Fortunately I bought some food with me on board. The plane was technologically advanced than its peers. Seat pitch was OK. IFE was very good.
  Tokyo Haneda to Hong Hong. Overall it was a great flight. Cabin attendants were nice and attentive to details. The meal was carefully crafted and was basically one of the bests I have ever had.
  Kuala Lumpur to Chicago via Tokyo. Overall, it was a highly pleasant experience with the ground staff, air crew, and service provided by the airline. Flight from KUL to NRT left and arrived on time. Flight from NRT to IAD also left and arrived on time but we were left waiting for about 20 minutes on the tarmac at IAD as there was another aircraft at our gate. Ground staff were quite efficient and courteous for our check in at KUL. Both flights passengers were provided with plenty of food, snacks, and drinks. Food served was always hot and was quite tasty. The flight attendants were attentive and were quick to appear when called upon. Only slight complaint is most of the attendants did not really communicate well in English and were hard to understand. Lavatories were cleaned throughout all flights. Seats on the B789 were quite hard but the B773 were older but much more comfortable. This is the second time I've chosen to fly with them to North America and will continue to use them again in future as they are quite value for money in comparison to other Asian airlines.
 First leg began with 5 hours waiting on JFK airport, returning to gate for refueling and then ruined food, hard narrow seats and in Tokyo offered money for a taxi to a hotel and hotel room until 11 am. I arrived at the hotel at 3.30 am, no food vouchers. Then at 9 at night the trip to Sydney on old 789 with such narrow, hard seats and dreadful food. Return flight to Tokyo on same old 787, 4 hours wait, then finally a reasonable flight to JFK. As everyone mentions the hostesses are sweet and unflappable, the seats ludicrously narrow and hard and the lavatories miniatures with miniature toilet seats. All the flights had more than 90% Japanese clients who all got stuck in to the Japanese food and sake and beer. The planes were spotlessly clean, the hostesses were delightful but the beds and the food were horrible and the treatment of passengers after the long delay at JFK was indecent. I have often flown their Asian competitors and ANA is a distant last.
  My family and I flew to Saigon from San Francisco via Narita. The experience was very nice and the best flying experience I have ever had. On both flights during boarding, flight attendants cheerfully greeted each passenger and helped with luggage stowage. On the SFO-NRT leg, I was in the exit row (30H). Before the FA sat down, she bowed to the whole cabin. She also did the same thing after she got up after takeoff, and again before landing. Where do you see flight attendants that hospitable? The meals were also great. For airplane food, it was pretty good. I enjoyed everything. The crew’s grasp of English could use a tiny amount of improvement but overall, they were able to communicate with passengers. I absolutely cannot wait to travel with ANA again in the future for my travels to Asia. If you ever fly to Asia, fly with ANA, you won’t regret it!
  Bangkok to Los Angeles via Tokyo. Great service with nice flight attendants. Seats were a little uncomfortable, but they’re fairly large considering I’m a pretty tall person. I feel that this is a 5 star airline because the flight attendants have a smile on there face.
  ANA's ground crew at LAX is friendly and not much different from their ground crew at their base airports. After boarding, the cabin attendant in charge of the first class section greeted each passenger, introduced herself, and presented pre-departure drinks. Since the flight departs late at night an a la carte menu is offered instead of a full-course menu. I think ANA's catering is the best in the industry. After the meal, the CA offered to set up my bed for me which was very comfortable. 
  Our flight from Hiroshima to Narita has been canceled due to heavy fog. We had to rebook our flights from Hiroshima to Narita, and then to Chicago. It was not an easy task, because connecting flight was not with ANA, but with United and it was originally booked on miles. Thanks to extremely helpful and diligent attention that we received from a staff member we were able to re-book our next day flight. He also helped us to make reservations at the Hiroshima Airport Hotel. All ANA staff were very friendly and did their best to help us.
  Chicago to Tokyo Haneda. I was satisfied with the service from ANA. the second flight from Tokyo Hanedato Jakarta was good also. Seat are little but that's on all planes in economy. The service was nice also. This will be our 3rd time flying this journey to Jakarta from Chicago via Tokyo.
  I finished one movie, and I was still waiting for food. Why do you have to separate drink service from meal service, and they only serve one full meal on a 7 hour flight. Hype with good hospitality but saving cost on food. Movie selection was terrible and very few choices if you are not Japanese. If you fly frequently, like two to four times a month, on you second flight, you'd run out of things to watch. 
  Tokyo Haneda to Los Angeles. The late flight at 11 pm was terrible, my wife and I were told that there was no food after departure before going to sleep. After wake up, we found the food selection limited and the service for us was non-existent. The business class seats were old and uncomfortable.  This is my last flight on this airline.
  Kuala Lumpur to Narita. This was my first time experience traveled on ANA flight. The experience was phenomenon. Truly can feel the "inspiration of Japan" services once I got on board.  The seat was adequate with 31 inch legroom. What amazed me was cabin crew service. Nice outfit, professional and a smile on their face while serving passengers. One of the cabin crew even personally intro me their signature Sake, “Ichinokura Tokubetsu Junmai Sake Dry” drink on board when I request it. The food was also delicious. A 9-inch LCD IFE comes with variety of movie choice and a set of comfy headset with soft rubber cover over the ears. It was a pleasant flight and truly a 5 star airline. I will consider travel with ANA in the near future.
  ANA has real top Business Class and Economy products. However for Premium Economy the check-in is not premium and I found the seat uncomfortable. It was the first time I saw a transgender toilet in a lounge (Star Alliance Gold ANA); first time a ToTo washing toilet on board.
  New York to Kuala Lumpur via Haneda. The flight from New York was delayed due to bad weather but the airline made sure I got my connecting flight and also transferred my luggage. Excellent service wide choice of food and beverages
 Flew Bangkok to Los Angeles via Narita. Could not ask for better service from an airline or more polite treatment. Check in was easy on both ends and I was able to select the emergency exit row (which I need because of my size) in advance when buying the ticket. All four planes were spotless and the level of service showed real pride. All flights were also on time and food was good, especially on the flights out of Japan. The only negative thing is that the inflight internet on the cross Pacific flights is more frustration than pleasure, it just did not work well. It amazes me when I see so many Americans at Narita waiting to fly United when both ANA and JAL are so superior.
 Osaka to Aomori return. Check-in was smooth, and aircrafts took off and landed on time. Despite the limited comfort of that Bombardier TurboProp, and moderate but constant turbulence, all crew made everything possible to prevent passengers to worry. They even succeeded in serving some drinks. Great job ANA!
  Hong Kong to Tokyo Haneda. They fly their latest version of 787 for this service (NH860). Business class seats have a table next to a seat, and you can put your laptop, files, etc while you eat. Seats recline into full-flat, and I do not complain about my leg room. I like this structure of seats. The food was served in a course, and wine selection was good. Cabin attendants are always paying attention to their customers. One pity was business class lounge for Singapore Airline was too crowded, and it was hard to find a seat.
  Houston to Ho Chi Minh City via Tokyo Narita. The mechanics of ANA service, seat comfort in economy would get highest marks from me. The flight attendants were impeccably polite but English was difficult for many of them. Where ANA falls short was food, even breads were cold despite the galley having warming ovens. The pairings and choices were dismal and I gave up trying to eat for the flight except water and light snacks. The Hagen Daaz ice cream is a nice treat. Their partner/subsidiary, Air Japan that operates from Narita to Ho Chi Minh City flies older Boeing 767-300 aircraft. I'm a small person, but you are really jammed in narrow seats, very uncomfortable flight, no high marks for these folks for the 6 or so hours I was on board. The ANA Gold lounge in Narita is quite nice, even has massager lounge chairs to grab a short nap or relax. Many food/beverage choices, no shower facilities in the one by gate 52.
 Check-in in BKK was not on a special counter, as advertised. Ground staff (not NH) were not so friendly. No priority lane either, as advertised. Seat was comfortable, and allowed to sleep. However no dinner (a sandwich would have been enough) was served after the 9.45 pm take-off. Only a small nice warm breakfast 90 minutes before landing. Saving money and letting your "Premium Economy" pax starving is really not fair, taking into consideration the price they paid, and also that they are human beings. Live CNN on board.
  Frankfurt to Haneda. I have reviewed the outward flight (First Class to Heathrow), but my experience in Business Class allowed me to compare the two levels of service offered. My seat on NH0224 was 9H. On the Boeing 777 the Business class seats are staggered and there is no one sitting side by side. There is not quite the same level of privacy as in First, but I found the seat quite uncomfortable. First of all, it is rather narrow and I found that I could not place my arms side by side. They had to be on the armrests, even when the seat was reclined, or made completely flat. For this reason, I was not able to do the latter and did not sleep well as a result. The seat was comfortable enough when reclined, but the screen is smaller than in First, and I was at the distance where wearing glasses made no different to the clarity of the film. The food was reasonably good and, since I was returning home, I chose the Japanese menu. However, I did not feel like sampling the meal offered just before landing. Since the flight was a relatively short 10 hours, this was no hardship. Overall, I think I expected better of a 5-star airline.
  I booked a business class ticket with Star Alliance, but was surprised for two reasons. One was that my route was from Hiroshima to Amsterdam, but they routed me via London Heathrow, and the horrors of changing terminals and a KLM flight. The second reason was that I was able to use my miles to upgrade from Business (discounted) to First on the Haneda - Heathrow segment. There were eight seats in the cabin, but only three passengers, so the cabin crew made the adjacent seat into a bed and I was able to use my booked seat 1D, as the 'day' seat and 1A as the 'night' seat. Krug champagne was on offer and the Japanese menu was excellent. The individual cabin was equipped with a large screen and I watched three films in complete comfort. I was sufficiently impressed to make reservations with ANA for my next trip to Europe, and I paid the extra and booked First Class tickets both ways. I returned to Japan in Business Class (which needs a separate review), but it will be very difficult to return to Economy.
 The first time that I am writing a review on airline services, but I had to write a review for ANA. I was Head of Mission (13 pax) of the Belgian Blind Devil (blind football players) flying from Brussels to Tokyo. ANA offered us excellent support and assistance on the ground level and also on board the aircraft. The service was excellent, extremely kind, polite, respectful and very helpful, with an appreciated anticipating attitude. We flew Economy, the seat space was ok but not exceptional. The food served was good. I can definitely recommend travelling with ANA All Nippon Airlines.
  Chicago to Manila via Narita. This is to acknowledge with great appreciation for the kindness and goodwill extended to a senior couple facing a dreaded 24 hour trip to their destinations. We are referring in particular to Julia S-------r who made all the stops to satisfy our needs. It is the devotion to her duty at the counter at O’Hare Airport in Chicago that made our trip take a pleasant shape, and a good start. 
 Flew London to Tokyo. This is the first time that I am writing a review here but I had to write a review for ANA. I am a disabled person, with a hearing impairment and ANA offered me excellent support and assistance on the ground level and also on board the aircraft. Their Customer service was excellent, so kind, polite and very helpful. I flew Economy, I was a little worried as I am 5ft 10in and I know sometimes the seat space can be a challenge but I had nothing to worry about. I found the seats comfortable. The food served was delicious, I was really impressed with the food selection on offer. I can definitely recommend traveling with this Airline.
 Washington to Ho Chi Minh City via Tokyo. I don't usually submit reviews for airlines, but was so impressed with ANA that I wanted to share my experience. In fact, this is the first time that I am submitting a review on Skytrax. Went on ANA recently to Asia and found it to be above the other airlines. Even in economy, their service, cleanliness and food was incredible, so much better than other airlines. Everything was very impressive. Their flight attendants are also the most friendly, courteous and accommodating. Don't think I can go back to the other airlines. So impressed with ANA!
  The service, efficiency, warmth and elegance in ANA Business Class makes it a truly premium experience. I flew from BOM-SJC via NRT. Both the aircraft were Boeing 787-8, with well conceived Business Class seats. The odd numbered window-side seats offer an added layer of privacy, but all the seats in the cabin are very comfortable, with aisle access to everyone. The cabins and lavatories are clean. Where ANA outshines virtually everyone else is in their service. The flight attendants appear well-trained and attentive to the needs of the passengers. My Hindu meal was surprisingly good (i.e. not greasy). If there's one complaint I have it is that there was no wifi on either flight. Which is odd given that the NRT-SJC route services Silicon Valley.
 I would like to thank all the staff of ANA for the excellent service and positive attitude. They are very polite. I’m in economy, and aircraft was spacious. Convenient enough for 12 hours trip. Food is great too. Flight was a bit delayed because of snow, it’s totally fine. I recommend.
  Haneda to Osaka. Haneda domestic terminal is very busy as ANA has been increasing traffic. Luggage drop-off is now automatic and that makes things easier. Star Alliance Gold lounge is appalling, no pleasant greeting, no food and pretty full. Efficient boarding as usual. Perfectly clean aircraft. Entertainment on large screen, mainly with advertisements. Late on arrival with no explanation, which is unusual in Japan. Cost was half of Shinkansen (bullet train).
 Flew ANA from Frankfurt to Haneda. Fantastic flight and really felt the crew were genuine and hard working. There was also a non Japanese Spanish crew member onboard who was fantastic.The toilets were immaculate, inflight meals wonderful and aircraft was spotless. Also throughout the flight, the crew constantly walked through the cabin offering soft drinks and snacks. Top notch service by far.
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Tokyo Narita. I booked my flights through United Airlines and was placed in middle seats by ANA for both flights, despite booking this reservation more than 6 months in advance. I called ANA after my outbound flights to change my seats to aisle seats for my return flights later in January 2018 and was told that since I booked a lower class Economy fare (K class), that my ticket had last priority with ANA and since I had booked through United Airlines, their customers had first priority. Therefore, they were unable to change my seats and I would sit in middle seats. ANA chose to prioritize their existing customer base over a new customer. My flight from LAX was boarded by bus and delayed by more than one hour, making my connection in Tokyo very tight (I had less than 45 minutes to get on board the connecting flight before it took off).
  New Chitose (Sapporo) to Kushiro. This wasn’t my first time with ANA and definitely not my last. However, it is my first time flying a 72 seater Bombardier aircraft as it is a very short haul flight. The trip was completely smooth and the cabin crew were smiling and extremely friendly. The seats were very comfortable and the legroom was satisfactory. The boarding was a breeze even though the check took almost forever due to the 26th of November falling on a weekend but we had no problem waiting in line.
 First time flying with ANA from Frankfurt to Tokyo. The cabin crew were extremely polite and helpful. Both, breakfast and dinner were very good. There was just one option left for dinner and the stewardess apologized for the inconvenience. Only thing I didnt quite like was the selection of films, which I found to be a little bit small but it was enough for the flight and there are many TV shows aswell.
  Jakarta to Tokyo Narita. Flight was smooth with boarding, take off and landing on time. FAs were polite and helpful. IFE on this flight was easy to navigate, with less movie selection in comparison to some 5-star airlines. Window shade is adjusted electronically, making your flight so much better as it provides with proper sunlight according to your liking. No amenities, other than a blanket and the usual economy class headphone. Meals were standard. Legroom spacious and I got no trouble getting in and out. A really good option if you're flying to Japan cities other than Tokyo as they got a bunch of flights domestically.
  Washington to Bangkok via Tokyo Narita. If you can fly on the All Nippon Airlines (ANA) rather than an American carrier, do so. I could not believe how nice it was, even in the cheap seats. There was more room, the stewardess were young and beautiful and the food was great. They actually had real metal utensils. I had two fabulous meals on the DC to Tokyo and another on the Tokyo to Bangkok. One meal had chicken and another had shrimp. They were served with rice, vegetables, fruit, and even ice cream for dessert. I had to take pictures of them to show people back in the US. You can also check two bags for free. ANA makes money providing this service so why can’t the US carriers. On the return trip from Tokyo to Washington DC I started to take a picture of the meager meal on the US carrier and was rudely snapped at by a stewardess that said I could not take pictures on the airplane. It was only food. From now on I will fly ANA whenever possible. I never give out my personal info but felt like I had to this time to let everyone know how nice it is to fly ANA.
  Kuala Lumpur to New York via Tokyo and back on economy class. Five star service from cabin crew, carry smiles with them and responded to my requests with positive attitude. Food options was decent, especially on NRT-JFK route, not so on the KUL-NRT route. However, I find the aircraft on the KUL-NRT route (Boeing 787) is better as the seat could be reclined as compared to the fixed-back shell design reclining system on NRT-JFK route (Boeing 777-300ER), where the lower back support and the seat itself were pushed forward when reclining. The noise level is slightly quieter in the Boeing 787 as well making sleep more enjoyable with less distraction. Inflight entertainment was quite limited as I flew four legs (about 40 hours flying time) on the same month hence I did not have many choices to choose from.
 Tokyo Haneda to Singapore. Excellent flight with an excellent airline. The aircraft (a one-year old 789 Dreamliner) was immaculate and super clean. Staff is genuinely friendly and always willing to help. Food was great and served with Japanese-style assortment. Plenty of rounds of drinks throughout the flight. One the negative side, movies selection should be improved. Other than that, I would recommend ANA to anyone and look forward to flying with them again.
  Kuala Lumpur to Washington via Tokyo. Simply amazing! Efficient, genuine service, delicious food, lots of leg room. Attention to detail and safety. I am a convert. I have lived in SE Asia for several years and usually fly home to DC via the Middle East as I have found service and pricing the most competitive - until now! After flying ANA, I may never fly any other airline for my long haul to the US. My flight with ANA was one of my best flight experiences in Economy on any carrier. I found the service to be superior, attentive but not intrusive - friendly, efficient and genuine. The food was scrumptious - go for the Japanese if you can - quite good! I also had a delicious chicken tandoori on the leg from Tokyo to KL. I don’t fly for the food but theirs was certinaly a plus. Enough snacks to manage the 14 hours from DC to Tokyo, plenty of water and juice served in the cabin throughout the flight and requests were responded to promptly efficiently and with sincerely kind service. Clean bathrooms for the whole flight. This really stood out. I actuallly watched an attendant clean the bathroom 3 or 4 times on the flight! And another insisted on cleaning it before I used it on another flight. How nice to have clean bathrooms for the whole flight! (Not often the case on other carriers on my long haul flights from SE Asia to DC). One note - make sure your flight from Tokyo to DC is operated by ANA (not United) as they are exceptional. Often the flights are code share with United, and the leg from Tokyo to DC is operated by United - which is only slightly better than taking a public bus in the sky. I also had to change my return flight and ANA customer service made that a pleasant experience. A thoroughly excellent experience from start to end.
  Sydney to Tokyo Haneda route in August 2017. Had read many glowing reviews and was very excited to fly with such well regarded airline. I was not disappointed. Their air hostesses take customer service to the next level, being professional and very polite. ANA fly a much more convenient route to Tokyo from Sydney than Japan Airlines, going to Haneda airport instead of Narita (Haneda is much closer to the city than Narita). ANA also fly quiet, more new aircraft (Boeing 787-9) than airlines like QANTAS which fly the same route and a similar time with much older aircraft (747). The 787 allows better air regulation in the cabin and can deal with turbulence quite well which helps with sleep in a red-eye flight. It was nice to have a flight where the food tasted really good. Was at restaurant quality which is surprising for airline food. IFE was pretty good, with a decent selection of new movies for all ages, including some of my favourite studio ghibli films. Seat was pretty comfortable with a good amount of leg room for someone who is almost 6 foot in height. Overall this airline was fantastic, with awesome service rounding off a great flight experience, I would 100% recommend this airline for anyone travelling to japan, and will consider as a first option when travelling in the Asian region
  Osaka to Ishigaki. The best flight ever had in terms of service quality starting the ground services, lines and all, the stuff is always on to serve and make the flight more convenient for the costumers. the plan was clean without a single spot. perfect! The food was also very good, not the standard airplane food that you find in the usual flights. Thanks ANA
  Los Angeles to Shanghai via Tokyo. This review is about the transpacific segments of a LAX-Shanghai trip I took on ANA aboard a 777-300ER. I rarely fly ANA because it is usually very far from being the cheapest carrier on any routing I take. On this occasion fare was within striking distance, so I decided to blow a few hundred extra dollars on them. It turned out to be a good choice. These people are light-years ahead of anyone else I've flown, especially US carriers, but in my opinion they do better even than other Asian carriers like Asiana and Singapore. The business class seat is truly excellent; spacious, comfortable, the dining table is brilliantly designed to give great space on which everything fits- the meal tray, the drinks, the phone, everything. But where they truly stand out is in their service. Their people are invariably polite, attentive, gracious, and pleasant. The only thing to criticize about the whole experience is the awful OnAir wifi, which is between slow and useless, on top of being expensive. Everything else is so top-notch that there is literally nothing to find fault with. The seat is so good, and the service is so well planned, that I barely felt the lack of connectivity. I read, and I slept, and got to China and back feeling like the long hours of travel (usually the part I like the least) were well spent. The whole experience, from check in to baggage retrieval, is thought through with convenience in mind. I can't afford to fly on them each time I go to Asia, but if your budget allows, or if their fare is not hugely above your next alternative, this carrier is really second to none and is well worth a few extra dollars for a stress-free and enjoyable transit.
  London to Tokyo return. The service from London to Japan was pleasant and air hostess made me feel welcome. However on the return the cabin staff  ignored me when I asked for water or tea. My partner was pestered to move seat forward by staff so that older folks behind us had enough leg space! I was so annoyed as I have paid for my seat and checked on to see if seats was moved back. I was approached by staff later asking me to put down the window shutter when the cabin lights were down. I felt that they were more concerned about Japanese passengers then non Japanese passengers. I didn't complain to air hostess at time as I wanted to just go home. However this experience has totally discouraged me to fly with ANA again.o
  We flew business class to Tokyo from San Francisco on ANA. The cabin layout is unorthodox with privacy being the focus, even in the middle section where my wife and I sat. Seating was 1-2-1 configuration. Seat was comfortable and an extra long piece of cushion was provided if you need more support. Plane looked very clean and all the controls worked perfectly. Sleep was no problem with the lie flat seat. The Japanese food selection was excellent. Lots of fish on tap. I didn't try the western menu. FA all slim, young and very attractive Japanese females. Did not see a male FA in our section. FA's very friendly and efficient. English not always 100% fluent but didn't matter. Adds to the overall experience. There were only 12 BC passengers so I had the lavatory to myself almost. Will definitely fly with ANA in BC to Japan in the future.
  Originally booked to fly BWI-ORD-NRT-KUL on 14 October but BWI-ORD was delayed for over 4 hours so I had to be rebooked out of IAD on 15 Oct. PY to NRT and Business to KUL. Check in at IAD was surreal. I was waiting in line for the ANA counter to open and what a ceremony! The check in staff lines up in front of the check in desk, bowed and wished everyone a good morning in Japanese. Then they silently and graciously got on with their duties. The check-in staff were excellent but the ANA airport manager was really rude and unpleasant when I approached him to ask him a question about the wait for the wheelchair for my mother. That was the only bad experience of the journey. There were many apparent important looking Japanese people travelling on this flight and the ANA staff were bending over backwards to accommodate them at the expense (in my opinion) of other pax. PY passengers had access to the Lufthansa Business class lounge which was simply awful. Only cold food on offer. Boarding was done well and efficiently at IAD airport. Again, service on board was excellent but the food and IFE were disappointing. Mid flight from IAD to NRT, we were served a chicken sandwich which was essentially one slice of bread with a few strands of chicken and mayo. It was not accompanied with any chips or any other snacks which was disappointing for a flight of 13.5 hours. There were two main meals of small portions and again an odd combination of Western/Japanese items. NRT-KUL was in Business class due to the carrier changing the aircraft so we were upgraded to the 787 C class cabin which had a seating configuration of 2-2-2. The beds were angle type and not flat. The food on C class was definitely much better and was attractively presented. Overall, it was a good journey and I would recommend ANA.
  KUL-NRT-ORD-BWI, 21 September 2017. Last leg on UA as a codeshare. KUL-NRT on Y class due to absence of PY on this sector. Top marks for check in staff at KUL, boarding done well and I was travelling with a wheelchair pax and everything was faultless. Cabin attendants were superb, friendly and caring and fussed over my 83 year old mother who was travelling with me. Call bells were answered promptly and always politely. Each disabled pax was assigned a FA when deplaning to ensure that things ran smoothly. The downside, food and entertainment were sub par. They have a funny mixed menu where even if you order a Western meal, you get elements of Japanese food on your tray and vice versa. The IFE was lacking, especially on the long NRT-ORD flight. The Y seats were tight and narrow and would have been uncomfortable for any journey longer than the 7 hours that it took to get to NRT. From NRT-ORD, we had bulkhead window seats, in a 2-4-2 configuration in PY which was okay. There was a leg rest but the drawback was that the screen was mounted on the wall. There was a reasonable amount of recline, seats were wide but you could not stretch your feet out completely. That's okay as it was not designed to be business class. We were given noise cancelling headsets, slippers, ear plugs and other amenities. Deplaning in ORD was fine and thankfully we had a lovely attendant who transported us from terminal 5 to terminal 1 for our UA flight. I would highly recommend ANA but please improve your IFE and sort out your menus.
  Nagasaki to Sydney via Tokyo Haneda on 12 October 2017. Both flights were excellent. Check-in process at Nagasaki was crowded, but all passengers were checked in with ample time to spare. The seats on the plane were in a 3-4-3 configuration, and there was a standard seat width. However, the legroom was brilliant - I was able to stretch my legs all the way, and I am 6'3" (192cm). Inflight service consisted of a drink and a small snack. Transfer in Tokyo was smooth and was also where I experienced first-hand how helpful ANA staff really are - I realised I did not have my passport about 5 minutes before the plane was to board, and the staff immediately leapt into action. Two began furiously calling on phones at the gate, and three left to go looking around at all the places I had been in the airport. They even told me that they would delay the flight until it was found! The passport was eventually handed in to the information desk at the airport and one of the staff then went to pick it up and delivered it to me. After this somewhat dramatic start to the second flight, the rest of the journey was smooth, The legroom was again impressive, and the seats were comfortable enough for me to catch a few hours of sleep. I would highly recommend flying with ANA whenever you have the chance, and they are probably the best choice for flying to Japan.
  Nagoya to London via Tokyo Haneda. Chaotic check-in at Nagoya airport, although everybody got checked in by the deadline. Smooth boarding and punctual gate departure. Very clean cabin onboard the Boeing 737. One drink was served on this short 1 hour flight. Smooth transfer at HND, with great shopping choices. The Boeing 777-300ER  has configuration of 2-4-3 across, with fixed-shell seats. Not the most comfortable economy seats as when you fully recline, your legroom really reduces greatly. But it is still well above average. Food was absolutely delicious (Japanese beef sukiyaki), and the cabin was kept clean all the time. Inflight entertainment was good with lots of choices of movies/videos/audio. However the flight map function did not work for the whole flight. Special mention to the super friendly cabin attendants who offered superb service, as well as friendly chats in the gallery. Overall, extremely good experience and will fly long haul on ANA in the future.
  Hong Kong to Tokyo Narita. A decent flight overall. Swift in-town check-in before taking HKG's airport express train. Generous baggage allowance of 2 x 23kg. Detailed pre-boarding information (delays/boarding time/boarding procedures). The plane was quite old with non-HD low resolution screens and very old (although comfy) seats. Food and service was awesome. Very attentive cabin attendants and clean cabin. Arrival into NRT was smooth, with extremely efficient passport control and baggage claim. From stepping out of the plane to getting out of the airport, only 15 mins! Overall very great value for money.
  Tokyo Narita to Dusseldorf. So far, the best airline I flew with, perectly on time. Cabin crew incredibly friendly and helpful, aircraft 1 year old (amazingly clean), high level of on-board food and drinks, very nice entertainment system. A lot of space in economy, relaxing seats. Superior in every aspect.
  Bangkok to Los Angeles via Tokyo. The service on the plane was great, some of the kindest crew members. Such respect! On all four flights the food was so delicious. My seat was also very comfortable, I don't have a bad thing to say about ANA!
  San Jose to Tokyo Narita with ANA on premium economy. The flight and service were amazing. Check in was easy and efficient. ANA allows premium economy passengers to have lounge access. The lounge was comfortable and was a good place to do some planespotting.  About 10 minutes before boarding, attendants came around making sure everyone knew the boarding time. Boarding was quick and easy and we pushed back really fast. Right after take-off, attendants came around with water and rice crackers. About 1 hour later, lunch service started. I ordered a beef and pork dish with cold soba, fruit, and a prosciutto wrap. Portions were very generous and were delicious. After dinner, attendants walked around giving vanilla Haagen Daz ice cream, which was delicious. Soon they dimmed the lights and allowed everyone to sleep. ANA allows premium economy passengers to have one extra dessert or cold soba noodles. I opted for a dessert, which was either a raspberry mouse or some mochi. I got the raspberry mouse, which was even better than the Haagen Daz. I tried to get some sleep, but I couldn't because I kept drinking green tea. Attendants constantly walked around and asked if we wanted water, and then they would give it to us. When the crew turned the lights back on, breakfast service started. I got some chicken with rice Shanghai-style with rice, yogurt, and fruit. This was equally as delicious. Attendants cleared our plates and begin the landing sequence. About an hour before landing, attendants handed out small candies with different flavors. Deplaning was easy and while we were waiting, attendants asked how our service was and, of course, we said that it was absolutely amazing. When we landed, ANA crew took the bags off the carousel and gave it to each passenger, which was incredibly courteous.
  Tokyo Haneda to Fukuoka. I had high hopes for this airline considering their increasingly large presence in the US market (even more so than JAL). When I heard ANA would begin to fly the new A321 with winglets I had to purchase tickets. The aircraft on board is modern looking, although the cabin seems a bit out of date because they have cloth rather than leather seats. The flight was exactly on time. Flight attendants were kind but did not speak English. I was surprised though to see they did not offer any inflight beverage or snack.  Also there was no inflight entertainment or wifi.
  Flew ANA All Nippon Airways from Osaka (Kansai) - Memanbetsu (Hokkaido) and return. Everything fine as usual. Fast check-in. Fast boarding. Planes on time, extremely clean, but looked old. No frills on board, of course, but a good option of paid food, including hot soup. Baggage with delivered in 5 minutes.
  Hong Kong to Tokyo Haneda on a 9 year old Boeing 767-300. The inflight entertainment is recent, but not the device. I could see the pixels, I could not read subtitles and couldn't select languages / subtitles. We found the food tasteless, my partner had to ask twice to get bread. I was very disappointed by ANA, 500€ for this kind of quality is very expensive.
  Hong Kong to New York via Tokyo. This was my first trip on ANA. HKG-NRT on a 767,  NRT-JFK leg was on a much newer 777. I was able to occupy two seats on the latter leg because the seat next to mine was vacant. But economy was still economy and not exactly conducive to a good night's sleep. Food on ANA was okay, service was very good. Because I extended my stay in New York, I didn't use the return portion of my ticket. But I'd still say that the price I paid for it (US$655) was a bargain for one of Skytrax five-star airlines.
  I have a flight booked for September from Kuala Lumpur to Chicago via Narita (returning through Tokyo Haneda). However, I would like to highlight the customer service from ANA thus far. On my return flight to KUL our of HND, they have changed the aircraft from a Boeing 787-9 to a Boeing 787-8. The latter plane does not have a premium economy class so ANA have upgraded us to Business class for the HND-KUL sector. To top it all, they apologised for the change in aircraft and assured us that if the aircraft was changed to yet a different aircraft with a premium economy cabin, we would still be flying Business class! Now THAT is customer service. All information was relayed via email. In this day and age, this is such good service.
  Seoul Gimpo to Tokyo Haneda. I fly this route once or twice a year. Always on time, always a quick flight, always a good experience except this time. The food is actually good and unique for airline food (if you can handle Japanese cuisine). They even add extra touches like an extra bag of snacks if you order an extra beer or wine mid flight. Planes immaculate. I have never in my life had a problem with any flight attendant. On the return from HND to GMP, I was sitting causally unbuckled with the cabin door open during boarding. An attendant came up to me, said welcome aboard and flat out asked me to my face if I wanted a seatbelt extender. Nothing about my posture, facial expression, or attitude remotely indicated I need help. I am 180 cm 120 kg (5'11" 265 lb) and fly several times per year around Asia and to US and have never needed one. Never have I taken up others' seat space or anything. Nor have I ever really felt shame or lack of confidence being fat. But now I know that feeling. Unfortunate that she didn't know better. I emailed ANA upon return (didn't want to make a scene on board) as it really did ruin my flight. I received a generic, wordy apology, but also didn't expect more as I am non-elite on a premium route. Also, what else could they really do anyway? I will fly ANA again, but minus points.
  Afternoon flight out of Kuala Lumpur to Haneda on their new Boeing 787-9. The aircraft was clean and the seats were comfortable. Food this time was great compared to their outbound flight. One thing I found surprising was that the crew forgot to serve drinks to the last two rows of passengers there were no turbulence and the aircraft was about only 70% full. We had to walk to the galley to request for drinks. The aircraft was delayed by almost 45 minutes and considering the arrival time of almost midnight into Haneda, this might be very inconvenient for many passengers who wish to catch the public transport home.
 I was looking forward to flying with ANA again from Phnom Penh to Chicago via Tokyo Narita, having flown them three years ago and, at that time, was completely overwhelmed with their product. The good news is that some things have not changed - namely their staff. Every ANA employee I encountered was warm, professional, and engaging. In fact, they averted a crisis when, upon getting off the plane in Tokyo, I discovered that I had left my toiletries on the plane. I contacted an ANA employee and within 10 minutes, I had my toiletries back. The flight attendants on all of my flights were top notch and were so kind and caring. Nothing was too much trouble for them. Where things fell short was at the ANA lounge at Narita. On the good side, the shower room was great! But the food at the lounge was very much lacking. I had a 9 hour layover at Narita and got to see the morning and afternoon offerings. While three years ago there was a noodle bar where they made your noodle dishes individually. That is now gone. For the AM, they had four hot dishes: onion soup, miso soup, scrambled eggs, and skillet potatoes. The scrambled eggs had a yellowish color that I had never seen before and looked very unappetizing. The potatoes were left out in the open on a chafing dish. You never knew how long they had been sitting there. In the afternoon, the same dishes were there except that the scrambled eggs were replaced by a noodle dish which, I must admit, was tasty! Again, the potatoes were left uncovered. Sadly, there were times when the noodle dish was left completely empty and not promptly replaced by the staff. The food on the plane, while good, was not awe-inspiring. I had both Japanese and Western dishes and none were remarkable. The only hot breakfast dish on the flight back to Chicago was an omelet. In fact, on all flights there were only three main courses available, two Western and one Japanese. It seems that the food selection on business class has gone down from three years ago. Would I fly ANA again? You bet! I just would lower my expectations on the food served. The warmth and professionalism of their staff, however, is still second to none!
  Jakarta to San Francisco via Narita. I am pleased how ANA accomodate my needs during the long line security check point at Narita airport. I have a child with special needs that makes it hard for him to cooperate when the line is long and place is crowded. I was worried that I might miss my connecting flight as it was pretty short. Fortunately ANA sent someone to assisst us so we still have 15 minutes to board the plane. I could not imagine if we had to go in the normal line! That, and the flight attendants were all nice. Thank you so much. I will fly with ANA again when I have the chance.
  Tokyo to San Jose in Business Class in a Boeing 787-8. The ANA Business Lounge at NRT is very pleasant despite the number of people using it. The flight departed on time. On-board service is typical ANA, which is to say it is outstanding. The Business Class seats on ANA's 787 aircraft are very well designed, affording privacy, comfort as well as ample table space for storage. Service is very warm and efficient. On this flight there was no wifi, something I found strange considering it services Silicon Valley's gateway airport. The lavatory was clean except for the toilet seat covers which do not seem to have been attended to carefully. On the whole, a very predictably pleasant ANA experience. The pressure and humidity in a 787 cabin ensures is far better on one's body than older generation aircraft.
  Bombay to Tokyo Narita in Business Class on a Boeing 787-8. Boarding in Bombay was very orderly. The Business Class pods on ANA are very well conceived, affording privacy, comfort and plenty of table space. In-flight service is excellent, with flight attendants displaying warmth and efficiency. One point of criticism: we didn't see any food until 90 mins out of Bombay and the hot course arrived only after 2 hours. Given that the flight departs BOM at dinnertime, this is unacceptable. ANA should roll out the dinner service soon after attaining cruise altitude. There as no wifi on this flight, another sore point with me. But the overall experience is first rate.
  Late night flight from Haneda to Kuala Lumpur. The cabin crew were fantastic and the cabin was clean. The seats were comfortable and amenities provided were also sufficient. However, the midnight snacks and the meals can be further improved. Also compared to other airlines, ANA inflight entertainment is very limited.
  Tokyo Haneda to Okinawa. High density on a B777 domestic flight, but it's quite comfortable, plenty of leg room.  No announcements in English from the cockpit, and this was a flight to Okinawa, with a lot of non Japanese speakers. Cabin staff was amazingly not particularly nice. They delivered children toys at the end of the flight. On a 2 hours+ flight, it'd be nice to have any food, even a pack of crackers. Drinks were only offered once. 
  Nagasaki to Naha. This was a smooth and pleasant flight. ANA does not offer online check-in for domestic passengers who have not booked via its website. However, the airport check-in was fast and efficient. Boarding was quick. The seat was comfortable and clean, and a cold drink was offered on the 95-minute flight. Apart from safety announcements, on-board announcements were made in Japanese only. The flight arrived on time and we only had to wait at the carousel about three minutes for our luggage. The fare on this route was exorbitant, regardless of how one bought the ticket, probably due to lack of competition.
  San Francisco to Manila return via Tokyo and vice versa was a complete surprise with the friendliness of the attendants on the airplane as well as in the airport. Having traveled a few times to the Philippines, this time was different, using a new airline. I have a son who is blind and needs lots of guidance due to unknown areas was offered assistance on and off the plane. Attendants were waiting for him which was a huge surprise to me because I never mentioned any need for help but yet there was someone waiting as we got off the plane. They even followed us after I refused the service since he had me to guide him. The attendants then left after asking me the second time if he was going to be fine. Also, the steward on the flight going was "awesome" he noticed when we walked in on the airplane that my son was blind and so he came and counted the seats with him to let him know how many seats were inbetween him and the nearest fire exit were. He did that a couple times with my son to make sure that he understood in case of an emergency. My hats are off to you at ANA. Thank you for making this mom have faith that there are people that care. Take care and always be safe.
  Tokyo Narita to Singapore. A very comfortable flight, with very attentive flight attendants, who were friendly and not intrusive. Put on a genuine smile. Meal was superb. Had fried chicken on steam rice, with good sides as well. Tasty but not oily. Kabosu, which is the airline's own drink creation of lime and honey, is really good and refreshing. The leg room seemed more generous than I have seen on other airlines. Highly recommend ANA if you are flying to Japan. Excellent service and products.
  Tokyo to Los Angeles. Boarding and departure were on schedule. Seating was adequate. Wasn't as cramped as others have stated compared to US based airlines. Entertainment system had all the latest movies. Food was somewhat disappointing. My kids didn't eat anything from the offerings.  Seat assignment was unnerving because I had to call ANA and they wouldn't guarantee my assignments even though I travel with 3 young kids. But we did end up with our assigned seats.
 I flew from Vancouver to Tokyo Haneda in Economy Class on June 4, 2017 for my summer vacation. This is my first time visiting Japan and my first time flying with ANA. The seat while being somewhat narrow had ample legroom. There is plenty of open space under each seat which allows you to either place a bag or stretch out if you are tall. The in-flight entertainment was also very up to date, and seeing the movie "Your Name" on the in-flight entertainment list was a good surprise. Other good parts of the plane itself are the blue lighting, automated shades, and the washrooms which were clean and not cramped. The use of mirrors inside the washroom really help to alleviate the cramped feeling. Food was well presented for Economy and definitely a step up from what you would expect from a typical North American airline. The selection of free snacks and drinks are much appreciated. Finally, the service was polite, friendly, and responsive. The only thing I can fault ANA for is that the in-flight wifi service was very slow. I paid $21.95 USD and it was barely able to load Instagram or even low-quality YouTube videos. I really hope to see free wifi or at least faster performance for paid wifi in the future. But overall, you really can get by without it. I just wanted it for peace of mind during my flight. I'm flying with ANA back to Vancouver and will definitely recommend the airline to my friends.
  Osaka to Vancouver via Tokyo Haneda. It's been a long time since I have experienced such a comfortable flight, lots of leg room, excellent service, meals were very good as well as entertainment. The staff in the Japanese airports even though they do not speak too much English, they were polite and helpful. It's been a pleasure flying with ANA, strongly recommend it. 
  This trip from Thailand to Japan and return was my first experience with ANA but a very pleasant one. Friendly and attentive crew, very good legroom, especially for economy (seat belts ok on international flights but very short for westerners bodies on domestic flights), good entertainment choice, decent breakfast and nice little snack served immediately after departure. Flight was perfectly on time, announcements were good, including the indication of the luggage belt number on arrival. I will certainly fly ANA again.
  Hong Kong to Mexico City via Narita. The easiest way to get to Mexico without transiting in the USA. All flights were on time. On the HKG to NRT sector, an old 767 looking tired, leg room is ok but not great, movies not up to International standard, transfer at Narita can be very long! NRT to MEX sector the 787's were clean, very new. Staff were fabulous. I had exit row both ways, Row 20. Great legroom, however the rows behind are very tight 31 inch space. Food again ok, better movies and better screen. I think the staff were superb throughout.
  Washington to Tokyo Narita. One of the best attentive flight attendants! This is the first time flying on ANA and guess what they did exceed my expectation. I flew on the 777-300ER from Washington to Narita with almost full flight. However, flight attendents were able to handle all the passengers with good and polite manner. I knew that ANA is one of the 5 star airline and I think they deserve it. Actually my flight was delay for about an hour but the ground staff did a very good job and we managed to left before the new schedule. We arrived at Narita just five minutes behind the schedule. Two thumb up for the pilot. I will definitely use and recommend this airline to anyone.
  I was traveling from Mexico City to Tokyo Narita. Fight deperture 20 mins delay. Ground staff not helpful in Mexico City airport. It's a 14:30 hours flight but didn't have wifi, but have many movie and games. Cabin crew are best I think in the world. Excellent behaviour, polite. Al time they come and ask need anything. Really great in flight service. I did not order any food before my flight departure and they served me chicken and rice. Business class seat fully lying bed 180 degree. Flight arrive 15 mins before of scheduled arrive time.
  Jakarta to Tokyo Haneda. First time using ANA All Nippon Airways. Seat is good for 5 star airline. Staff were helpful even they're not fluent in English. Food is OK but should be improved on western menu. But for Japanese Food lover it's best!  Overall it's as fair as I expected. 
  Okayama to Tokyo-Haneda. Check in was easy because the procedure of ANA only touched the membership card of FMP and checked the condition. After boarding this domestic flight, they offered a warm consommé soup and cold green tea, with a smile.  As I arrived earlier than planned, I was able to enjoy the sightseeing in Tokyo slowly. However, it was regrettable that there was only a Japanese announcement at the airport. There will be foreigners boarding in this airport, so I would like you to take care of the neighborhood firmly. Also, as a digression, I would like the cabin seats to be wider.

  Tokyo Narita to Mexico City by ANA on 20-21 March 2017. Both JAL and ANA helped me to check through my baggage from Jakarta to Mexico City (and from Mexico City to Jakarta a week later) although they don't share baggage arrangement. It was an excellent service from both airlines because I had a long layover in Narita (for over 7 hours) and would like to go to Tokyo for several hours during the layover. I would point out the excellent service from crew of flight NH180 (Narita-Mexico) and NH179 (Mexico Juarez-Narita), especially during meal time. They gave me recommendation on which meal I should choose because I don't eat pork. They even realized that I was (probably) the only passenger who's neither Japanese nor Mexican. One of the crew of NH180 also bid me farewell on my mother tongue. The interior of the aircraft was great and excellent. The crews cleaned the lavatory on a regular basis so it was perfectly clean and comfortable. The inflight entertainment was also good though maybe they can add more western entertainment. I had no problem though because I do enjoy Japanese movie and music. The leg room of the economy class was narrow. All in all, ANA is definitely a 5-star airline and highly recommended for long haul flight. I hope I can fly with ANA again someday.
  Sapporo to Tokyo Haneda. Flying back to Tokyo after our time at the snow resort. Everything from check-in to baggage drop went quite smoothly. The flight was delayed 30 mins due to late arrival, these things happen so it's best to expect it when travelling, seats felt less comfortable then previous flight and in regards to onboard experience I think food should be served on a 1.5 hour flight. Some people might think otherwise and not agree with my opinion but for a full service airline, it should be expected. Baggage did take up to 30 mins to come out, but that is the airport's responsibility. Overall, I definitely would fly with ANA again.
  Tokyo Haneda to Sapporo New Chitose. This is the first time I have flown with a Japanese airline on a domestic flight, and it was efficient and smooth. I arrived quite early at the airport and they let me check in early, even offered to put me on an earlier flight, but I couldn't accept as my ground transfer could not be amend. It only takes 15 mins to board a almost full flight, in Australia it takes 30 mins or more to board just a Boeing 737 and the team from ANA are incredibly friendly and always ready to help with any queries. It was a short flight approx. 1.5 hours thus no food was offered but received drinks as refreshment. Great flight overall and when I come back to Japan, it will be a joy to fly Business Class with ANA.
  Kuala Lumpur to Sapporo via Tokyo. This was my first family trip to Sapporo via Tokyo and my first time flying with ANA. No doubt that this airline is a 5 star airlines. From ticket price, check-in, departure (delayed for almost 1 hour on that day), meals, seats (although a bit cramp), everything is up to my satisfaction. Just one thing that I would like to highlight is the good and friendly service from cabin crew service went a little overboard. During meal serving session, cabin crew attending to the same passengers who already have their meals and drinks distributed (these passengers keep on requesting for more drinks) and left the rest of the passengers who have not got their meal and drinks waited.
  Shanghai to Tokyo Haneda. The staff are faultlessly professional and polite and cheerful, the cabin was spotlessly clean. The vegetarian option was very tasty - a tofu salad or a chickpea patty with pasta. My only two concerns were: On most flights requesting a special meal means receiving the meal ahead of the rest of the passengers, but this time I waited while the rows around me were served while the attendant went to fetch my meal from the galley. This wasn't such a big deal, since it was only a slight delay, but it was different than my experience on other airlines. The in-flight entertainment was quite limited.  Overall, nice experience. I would fly with them again.
  Kuala Lumpur to Tokyo Narita. This was our family first flight with ANA. The reason we chose ANA was due to it's connectivity and relatively cheap airfare, as we were flying multi-cities in Japan. The seat width was reasonable and legroom was good. Cabin service is one of the best. The window tinting feature of Boeing 787 is very unique and hightech. One setback was the fabric seat getting hot after flown for hours. It would be better if the aircraft were fitted with leather seats. Announcements were generally made in Japanese with only important short messages announced in English.
  Beijing to Tokyo Haneda. Exceeded my expectations. ANA treating us with the same respect as first class passengers. We boarded quickly with no hassle. The aircraft is efficient and luxurious. The windows can be shaded, instead of closed. The food was excellent for airline food. The seats come forward when you recline. Instead of a indention for your cup, there was a hole so that your cup does not move. Good Boarding Music.

  Kuala Lumpur to Tokyo Haneda return In summary the service by the cabin crew on both sectors were impeccable and the details of the service on board was top notch. I flew 2 elderly passengers, 1 wheelchair passenger and a 5yr old child. We were all well taken care of from the boarding point right to the moment we disembarked after the immigration office by ANA ground staff. Food selection is better than most airlines. Chair did not recline well but was sufficient. Cabin crew was extremely polite and was always visible in the cabin making sure every passenger was attended to. Upon arrival the baggage delivery was prompt and quick. On our return trip on of the passengers from my group was seated separately. However, they went through all the trouble to assign us a seat together despite the full flight HND KUL. The service overall surpassed my expectations. I will always plan my trips on ANA in future where possible.
  Tokyo Haneda to Kuala Lumpur. My flight was scheduled to depart from Tokyo Haneda at 0005 hrs in the morning. Chose ANA because of the offered price.  The plane was very clean upon boarding. The window tinting feature on the Boeing 787 is very nice! Flight took off on time. Cabin crew were really attentive and friendly. Food was delicious. However, my IFE system got jammed after watching a movie. I reported the problem to the cabin crew and they quickly restarted the system for me. I was really happy with that. The recline of the seats wasn't very good. Couldn't get much sleep because it was uncomfortable. Landed in KLIA, on time as scheduled ( 630 hrs). Baggage reclaim was a breeze! They unloaded the baggages really fast. It was an honor flying with ANA and I will be sure to recommend this airline to others.
  Tokyo Narita to Singapore. I have flown ANA several times on both economy and premium economy cabin and it is a seemless ride, wonderful service from both ground and inflight crews.  You really get the feeling that ANA staff care about their clients. Food is delicious, great quality of wines, IFE with plenty of choices. The 2x4x3 configuration is the best layout I ever saw on a Boeing 777. Only downside is how the Y seat reclines, instead of your back reclining, it is your hips that slide forwards hence reducing your leg room. Hard to describe but the economy seat isn't reclining the traditional way thus making it a biy uncomfortable, and I decided not to recline. The premium economy seats recline well. Besides that ANA is a well deserved 5-Star airline.
  Tokyo Narita to Hong Kong on economy class with ANA. The service is best. Boarding was efficient and flight attendants were very friendly. The ground service is best, and Food and beverages is good. This journey is very comfortable. Highly recommended. 
  Tokyo Haneda to Frankfurt in business class. Check in and lounge at Haneda exceptional and so efficient. Onboard the Boeing 777 seats are nice and private, a little narrow but I'm large! Food was excellent and seemed more refined than many airlines. Staff service exceptional and the best I can remember in over 25 years of flying - well done. IFE good movie choices, but TV programs seemed rather small in choice. Will choose next time over Lufthansa.
  Tokyo Narita to Nagoya on business class. Highly efficient check in and a very generous luggage allowance. The domestic lounge is commendable, with a reasonable quantity of choice of freshly prepared light meals and drinks. Boarding was efficient and flight attendants were very friendly. The onboard beverage selection is exceptional and the light premium Gozen meals are also very good. Highly recommended.
  Jakarta to San Francisco return via Tokyo.  Flight was okay despite the pretty bad weather when flying in and out. Good in-flight entertainment and updated monthly (flew in December and January)  Ground staff and check in process was quick and efficient  Seated in a good seat during first leg and bad seat on second leg. Delicious and good meal. Flight delayed for about 1hr from NRT to SFO. Stewardess was not friendly to me. Requested for water for a couple of times and I got denied.  I wasn't able to do the web check in. Pocket seat poor cleanliness. 
  Haneda to New York JFK in late December 2016 with a return on January 4 in Business class. First, from a convenience stand point this flight cannot be beat. It is great to have a Haneda option to JFK available that avoids the 1.5 to 2hr transit from central Tokyo out to Narita where most US flights originate and land. I like ANA's seat configuration and the window seats with the side table on the aisle cannot be beat for privacy. You'll want to check the seat configuration on your specific flight as every other row alternates and other rows have seats where the side table is against the window. This second design exposes you more, but is also fine. Service is generally great, unobtrusive and responsive. Compared to JAL, the HND connection is a winner. Where ANA falls flat I think is food and the IFE system, for non-Japanese speakers. The selection is OK, but nothing great compared to Cathay where has a very large library available on demand. One thing I have noticed on Asian carriers is that the temperature is too high for most westerners. I find overly heated spaces claustrophobic. Dress in layers if you are heat sensitive. I have learned to carry a light cotton polo shirt in my carry on bag that I can slip on if necessary once on board. My complaint is the food. It is sometimes poor, especially the main meal, and this includes both the Japanese and International options. On the upside though is that the a la carte options that may be ordered at any time after the first meal are much better, especially the curry, salad, cheeses, fruit, ramen and other simple dishes. I think with the main meal they try too hard and fail. Overall ANA is head and shoulders above any US carrier, and I will continue to fly them regularly.
 Flew ANA to Singapore from Tokyo as a connection from United originating in Newark. It was a world of difference transferring from United to ANA. Boarding was by row numbers and fairly organized and quick. The aircraft itself has an interesting 2x4x3 layout in Economy which I quite liked. Seat pitch was excellent at 34" and I did also like that the seat slid forward instead of reclined back. The crew were lovely, welcoming and gracious. Meals and drinks were served efficiently and with a genuine friendliness. I chose the Japanese option for dinner and it was pretty good and substantial in quantity. The crew's command of English was fair I would say. IFE on a bright touchscreen that was responsive. The selection was decent for a 7 hour flight but probably too small for a longer transpacific. WIFI was spotty and dropped out from time to time. We departed about 30mins late and arrived 20mins behind schedule after midnight. My return flight with ANA was equally commendable. Comfortable, great meals, fantastic crew. I was almost sad to be connecting to United. Which actually wasn't as bad as I imagined but not as good as ANA in terms of amenities and comfort.
  Round trip for a weekend getaway flying from Seoul to Tokyo. As always an extremely efficient boarding of 100% full plane in just 20 minutes at both Gimpo and Haneda airports. Cabin spotless and excellent condition. Crew professional and polite as always. I normally enjoy the food on ANA except for HND-GMP steamed seafood dish. I appreciate the effort of multiple seafood types on an airplane, but literally zero taste on this one. At HND, I didn't check my bag with duty free alcohol and was sent to check it in with just 25 minutes before take off. The staff politely hurried me back to the counter and again through security and the bag still made it. Impressive!
  Unexpected disappointment. After having wrote numerous favorable reviews to ANA, I have an unpleasant surprise, that might be due to year-end excess of passengers. Service was the opposite of what it used to be on transpacific flight. Lounge at HND was overcrowded, wi-fi slow, no seats available, wines out of stock, etc. Business class passengers were boarded as cattle as we were very rudely urged to hurry up. No FA at the plane door! We entered aircraft and seated without any welcome or support. Food started was served 90 mins after taking off and as it was after midnight we were informed that no dinner would be available, just snacks. Drinks were rare. Later on no one helped me to put mattress. I hope this flight was just an accident.
  Have been flying on ANA either in economy or business three times a year for the last ten years between Honolulu and Narita. Whether in business or economy, inflight service from their FAs is consistently excellent. Food can be hit or miss but generally of high standards but not quite up to par with what is offered on mainland US flights. My only complaint is that with the Honolulu flight, upon arrival at Tokyo Narita, we are often parked away from the terminal and have to disembark by stairs and then get herded on to buses to be taken to the terminal. This has increasingly become the norm with the Honolulu to Tokyo Narita flight. On my latest flight, I complained to the FA about this as I have arthritis and it is difficult and painful for me to descend stairs with a carry on. She apologized for this and explained that ANA does not have control over gate assignments, but she did offer to assist me with my carry on.  I declined as I felt that it is not a FAs job to assist passengers with carrying their luggage. As ANA is a flagship airline at Tokyo Narita, this should not be happening.
 Tokyo Narita to Mumbai with ANA. Overall a very good flight. Good spacious seats, very helpful flight attendants and nice food. Only crib was the IFE, the selection was quite limited and I didn't find much to watch on a 9 hour flight. I'd certainly fly again given the chance.
  Kansai to Shanghai Pudong. As a frequent flyer of ANA, I am pleased to recommend this airline again. Everything is good on board : different kinds of beverage, in-flight wifi and entertainment and food. The only thing I want to complain about is that the seat comfort still need to be improved. Next time I will take ANA again.
  New York JFK to Kuala Lumpur via Tokyo Haneda. ANA is the best airline I've ever taken. Wonderful service and staff who are ever ready to serve, and make you feel comfortable. They treat you with kindness - adult and child alike. This is my second time flying with ANA. They ensure that the long journey need not be dreadful with their wonderful staff, good fresh food and clean, well-maintained aircraft. 
  Houston to Tokyo Narita. A rather old aircraft with worn out seats. Still a fantastic 1x2x1 business class seat configuration, with top quality food and service, unbeatable ANA. Wines were not very interesting. The flight was late, and connection became stressful.
  Tokyo Haneda to New York JFK. As Senator member of Lufthansa I was choosing ANA because of its Star Alliance membership. Overall the experience was rather good. ANA flies an up to date aircraft to New York with the configuration of business class that gives every passanger an isle access, a small table with storing facilities as well as a full flat bed with pillow and cover. The privacy is quite good above all if you choose a window seat with the table towards the aisle. The seat functionality is simple and the comfort pretty good even if the cushions are a bit hard. Food on board is good and the servings are just right so that you don't feel overly stuffed. Wine selections are good as well. On the downside the entertainment program which is extremely limited and not varied enough for non Asian costumers. The service onboard is very good in a japanese style. The flight attendants (almost always women) are very kind and attentive and tend to your every need. I would definitely chose ANA again as it is a much more comfortable option to fly from Japan to the US, although it is also more expensive than the american carriers.
  First time flying ANA, had high expectations based on reviews and reputation. Seats were comfy, cabin staff attitude mixed, some were very friendly, some not so much. On our outbound flight we left at 6 am from Jakarta, arrived in Narita past 3 pm. We were served a nice breakfast and around 11.30 am the cabin staff started giving out this small, round, soft bread with mayo and turkey ham. I asked her if that was the pre-lunch snack and to my surprise she said that was the lunch. Was really disappointed considering we'd land in Narita past lunch time, and since the only snack offered was little bags of rice crackers, albeit delicious, we'd be quite hungry. The return flight was at 6 pm, to reach Jakarta around midnight. Same thing, seats were nice, staff were mixed, departure and arrival on schedule. We were given options for dinner: eel or chicken. Didn't like eel so I chose chicken which I couldn't eat. Other than the food issue we were pleased with the trip. Check in process was smooth and fast. Departure and arrival on time. Clean, comfy seats. Quite smooth flights.


  Tokyo Haneda to London return in First class. Exceptional experience, and what a difference to British Airways that I have used for last 2 years. ANA provided true 5 star service, a fabulous suite / bed with proper foam mattress enhancer and nice amenities. Food some of the best I have enjoyed in recent years. Cabin staff exemplary - polite, efficient and above all they seemed to care about looking after customers and very attentive whilst discreet. At Tokyo Haneda the ANA Suite lounge is also fabulous - nice food, service and private cubicle suites to relax and work.
 Mumbai to Tokyo Narita with ANA in a B787 configured in only two classes. Cabin interior was welcoming and immaculately maintained. The Business Class configuration is among the best, allowing for a degree of privacy not offered in most other airlines. Service levels were exceptional strengthening ANA's reputation as one of the top 5 airlines in the world. The flight attendants were attentive yet discreet. All I can say is, flying with ANA in Business is a pleasure.
 Tokyo Haneda to Osaka Itami with ANA. Among the best short-haul experience I've ever had. Everything from check in to baggage claim was smooth and efficient. Inflight entertainment was not needed as it was a 50 minutes flight only. Service was a cup of coffee and an orange juice. No snacks were provided. The seats were excellent with an above average seat pitch and recline.
  Flight NH105 departs from LAX / Tom Bradley around midnight which is pretty convenient because it will arrive very early to Haneda Airport near central Tokyo (note that Narita, the other Tokyo airport is in Chiba Prefecture). One of the best things to enjoy in ANA business class is food, and of course the great selection of wines. As this is a midnight flight only a very light meal after take off and breakfast before landing are served. So don't expect full courses or appetizers as in other daylight flights. Seats for this business class are 1x2x1 and I would say that seats in A and K sides (windows) are the best in terms of privacy for passengers. Every seat has a very good space for personal items and as in other airlines seats are flat when they are totally reclined. As per normal flight attendants service is great and ground staff in LAX as well as Haneda is very efficient. Flight entertainment could be better. Wifi connectivity is good, very affordable rates.
  NH00O6 departs from Tokyo around 4.30pm and arrives at Tom Bradley in LAX at 11.30 aprox. The arrival time is great since immigration counters are not that busy at that particular time. Seats are comfortable, maybe not as great as business but still ok for this long flight. I wish the footrest would elevate more. Althought the pitch between seats is bigger than in plain economy they affect the space of the passenger behind when recline. The food had two nice choices and the selection of wines was very good. Service with ANA is great so nothing to complain about. Ground service in Tokyo as well in LAX was very good. Baggage was delivered without delay. Ask for baggage check through if traveling in another Star Alliance carrier even you don't have the other leg of your trip in the same ticket. Flight entertainment could be better.
  Singapore to Tokyo Narita. First time on ANA All Nippon Airways and I am really impressed. My partner was fast asleep and past breakfast meal. However, the cabin crew remembered him and served him a choice of breakfast when he wakes up. Meal is really good too.  Also, it is awesome that they give everyone a bottle of water after take off, and have regular walk through to serve water. Pre-landing snack was given, and also some sweets and postcards for you. Entertainment device is user friendly even though it is limited. Cabin crew is the friendliest among all airlines I have taken, and they greet us even when we enter or go out of the toilet. Seats were comfy and will not be affected by passenger in front of you due to shell seating. Electronic devices can be charged mid flight and it is very fast. Wifi service is also provided at a reasonable price. Points lost to the lack of amenity kit and entertainment.
  Kansai to Beijing. A disappointing experience. Problems started by class reservation. Surprisingly, despite the fact that I paid much more than the lowest fare on the route, ANA released a class "L" e-ticket reducing my miles earning to minimum. This is a new practice in some airlines, to which we should pay attention (LH did the same to also on a Business class tkt with a "P" class) . My TP Victoria Star Alliance gold card was not recognized at first time at check in. Supervisor was called, card scrutinised and after 15 mn, accepted! Lounge at KIX has improved: there is french wine now. Flight delayed on departure and arrival. Plane was old, with toilets worn out. Food bad, and FA were not pleasant.  I am an ANA fan. They are a standard for our industry. However this flight on every aspect was out of pattern.
  Venice to Tokyo Haneda via Munich. I was impressed that we were able to check-in 2 luggage (23 kg each) plus the hold luggage and I appreciated that the flight departed with admirable punctuality and boarding was quick. Despite the seat was rather small for a 10 hours flight, the plane was new and very clean. Cabin staff was excellent, as well as food and beverages, with a lot of choices. Inflight entertainment: the screen was very good, but movies were a bit old with a very poor choice, especially new movies. All in all I think ANA deserve 5 stars for a lot of things (staff, punctuallity, food, cleaning and services) but the inflight entertainment and seat comfort are not up to the other 5 stars airlines I've tried.


  This flight from Haneda to Kansai was very good. From boarding to leaving the plane, I felt welcome from the crew members and the ground staff. The airport facilities in Haneda are very convenient for me to use: I can check my baggage and get my paper boarding pass by using check-in machines. Drinks and the in-flight magazine were enough for a flight that was less than one hour. Next time I will choose ANA for my domestic trip in Japan.
  Houston to Tokyo Narita with ANA. I was highly impressed! Second time flying ANA and loved it as much if not more than the first time! I actually had the privilege to fly on one of the Star Wars themed jets and it was amazing. Flight Attendants are very accommodating. I booked thru code share United using mileage plus points and changed my flight last minute, less than 24 hours before. I was therefore unable to select my meal preference in which I am a vegetarian. FA's had no issue with that and went above and beyond to accommodate me, which I truly appreciate. Ive been on other airlines where I felt scolded that I didnt make my selection on time and honestly there are some of us who book flights less than 24 hours prior and even on the day of. Anyway, the flight was delayed maybe 20 minutes but they boarded in a timely fashion and got us up in the air in no time, we landed on time as well. We received two meals and a snack along with suffice beverages included free alcohol - at or a little above average airplane food. InFlight entertainment is kind of lacking some titles. I think there were very limited options especially when doing a round trip. I pretty much saw all the movies going leaving me watching movies over for a second time on the way back. Actually tried some foreign movies with subtitles on the way back but might not necessarily be everyones thing. We all received a Star Wars card thanking us and saying that we flew the star wars aircraft which I thought was cool! Overall, I highly recommend ANA and would place it in my top 10 thus far!
  Houston to Tokyo Narita. Second time flying ANA and loved it as much if not more than the first time! I had the privilege to fly on one of the Star Wars themed jets and it was amazing! Flight Attendants are very well accommodating. I booked thru code share United using mileage plus points and changed my flight last minute, less than 24 hours before. I was therefore unable to select my meal preference in which I am a vegetarian. The FA's had no issue with that and went above and beyond to accommodate me. Anyway, the flight was delayed maybe 20 minutes but they boarded in a timely fashion and got us up in the air in no time. We received two meals and a snack along with beverages included free alcohol. The food was at or a little above average airplane food. Inflight entertainment is lacking some titles. I pretty much saw all the movies going leaving me watching movies over for a second time on the way back. Actually tried some foreign movies with subtitles on the way back but might not  be everyone's thing! We all also received a Star Wars card thanking us and saying that we flew the star wars aircraft which i thought was cool! Overall, I highly recommend ANA.
  Flew ANA from Los Angeles to Narita to Shenyang and return. One passenger was booked using UA miles. One passenger was on paid ticket. Had trouble paying using a US credit card, then switched to a debit card the payment went through. Aircraft was clean, flight attendants are helpful and friendly. Passengers were very quiet in cabin. Boarding process was very quick. Food service were excellent. Seat pitch was 34 inches which was critical to stretch legs, better than most of 31-32 inches seats on most of the airlines.
 Booked a trip from Austin to Malaysia via Narita from United / ANA and had the worst experience. I was forced to run around Narita airport for nearly 2 hours. I was stopped at the transit check point in Narita as airport security said the tripod I was carrying was longer than their allowed measurement and was considered security item so I couldn't hand carry it. It wasn't even an issue when I was passing through the US immigration and there wasn't even warning about these dimension restriction when I got my tickets. I don't mind not hand carrying it but ANA staff had me check out from the immigration, go to the check in counter to check in my tripod, then go thru the immigration again. The airport was filled and badly ventilated. I didn't even get to enjoy my lounge experience, was drench in sweat and had to run to the gate as the gate was about to close. The staff could have just checked my tripod at my gate which would have saved me all the hassle from running thru the immigration checkpoints. Such a non-practical protocol that they have just irks and zaps all the previous good experience I had towards them. And having done this to a Premier 1K and Gold Alliance customer says a lot about their service.
  Trip Routing - Manila - Haneda - Vancouver - May 2016. ANA Deserves their 5 star rating. Manila airport Terminal 3 is a bit chaotic but check in line moves quickly and agents are fast and efficient. The true experience begins when you are greeted at the aircraft door by the wonderful flight attendants. The Japanese have mastered the art of "Customer Service". FA's are friendly, courteous and with smile that never goes away. Meal service is very efficient as they show in pictures what is being served and all you need to do is point and comes your hot, delicious and well presented meal. On my longer leg, HND-YVR, 2 meal services were offered and there's an in-between snack and drink service all the time. FA's are seen throughout the entire flights. FA's walking up and down the aisle checking on every awake passenger and offering drinks or food. FA's are also on standby in the back area galley and awaiting for any passenger call. I know this because I get up almost every hour to stretch and FA's never failed to ask me if I needed anything. Economy Seats are comfortable and legroom is sufficient. Aircraft is clean and smells fresh.
  I fly ANA frequently since I am based primarily in Japan and they offer the most flights available to my most common destinations. This particular route from Tokyo to Hong Kong is the one I fly most frequently (at least 2 times round trip per month). The seating on board this flight is very comfortable both in Economy and Business Class sections. Business Class has a different layout compared to that of other plans I have been on which is a 5 seat row set up. 2 seats on the outside with a single in the center between the 2 aisles. Staff and crew on this flight are very nice and professional and there is at least 1 or 2 FA's who speak very good English. At Narita and Hong Kong, both flights usually use gates at the far end of the terminals so best to make sure not to be late otherwise you will need to hurry to make the flight. Meal is served on a single tray at one time unlike appetizer, main course then dessert individually like on other ANA flights Regarding WiFi availability, I have not used it and not sure if is available on this flight.

  Tokyo to Jakarta. ANA has always been professional, and this time they were friendly with Indonesian passengers by adding some oral guides spoken in Indonesian, even though there is no Indonesian native on board. Fresh choices of food and drinks. Clean cabin and toilet. However, the 3x3x3 seat layout on Boeing 787 feels a bit cramped and stiff. Economy class dessert is mediocre. Cabin service polite but slow at the same time. IFE choices limited, a Japanese airline without many Japanese movies added. 

  Kuala Lumpur to Tokyo Narita was the first time me, my wife, and daughter have ever flown on ANA, and we were left impressed with the airline. Everyone from the check-in counter staff, ground staff, and cabin crew were super friendly, efficient, and helpful throughout the whole trip. Onboard, the seats were quite comfortable and spacious, compared to seats on other A380's and B787's. Food was served fast, heated, and tasty. IFE was very user-friendly and had enough entertainment for the 7hr journey. Flight crew were checking on us and our child and always on hand to help. Plane was very clean and loved the Boeing 787. Only slight complaint was how the plane was parked away from the terminal, instead of gates and how we needed to take a 5 minute shuttle bus to Narita Terminal 1. Will definitely recommend ANA and opt to fly with them again in the future.
  San Francisco to Bangkok via Tokyo. The inflight entertainment wasn't the best for the SFO to NRT hour flight, and of course was the same from Tokyo Narita to Bangkok flight.  The vegetarian (lacto ovo) meal was awful. However, the service from the staff was outstanding. The price was great (booked via united airlines), but would hesitate to fly this airline again. Seats were of average comfort, and seat pitch was great on the Boeing 777-300, not so much on the Boeing 777-200.
  Easy check-in at Singapore with ANA All Nippon Airways for flight from Singapore to Los Angeles via Narita. Singapore Lounge not fully open when I arrived - after about 30 minutes they began to put out food - all cold - steam tables warm it up. Security done at the gate went well. Boarding orderly. Nice seat room and polite and friendly cabin staff. Breakfast was just OK (western option) - pre-arrival snack very nice. Arrived early at NRT and lounge was very close to the gates. When I arrived the lounge was virtually empty, with little in the way of food offerings. After about 40 minutes staff began to put more food out. As the afternoon progressed the lounge became very full - but seats were available and additional food offerings available. Boarding for NRT-LAX flight reasonably smooth. Meal choices were interesting and well presented. Strange that cocktails not served with nuts or nibbles. Movie selection good and was able to get some rest. Pre-arrival breakfast (Asian option) was nice. Bathrooms kept very tidy. Only suggestion is to improve the food offerings.
  The Narita lounge was crowded. Pre-departure beverage of sparkling wine was in a plastic cup and of very low quality. Menus distributed after take-off, orders not taken until nearly an hour into the flight. The western menu was from the Conrad, New York. Perfect presentation, unfortunately served cold and was tasteless. A re-plate of hot food or a second choice of entree would have been proper. Service took too long, approaching the 3 hour mark when dessert (mine was still frozen in the middle) was served. Poor service, had to remind them to start the in cabin mood lighting, and had to use the call light to get a wine refill. A least I was able to get some sleep, although the white eyeshade only brightened the too bright cabin. Maybe it was a bad crew.
