  Flew Manchester to Sydney via Hong Kong, the plane was diverted because of bad weather, which I accept. When we got to Melbourne we were on our own, no staff to help us we were given a piece of paper with a qr code and that was it. We spent the night on airport lounge bench, no food drinks or anything. Since returning home I have been in contact with Cathay Pacific but they haven't got the decency to reply.
  CX548 first flight out of Hong Kong to Tokyo on a Sunday. 30 minutes before departure time when all passengers are at the gate they announced a gate change to a completely different side of the airport, and that the flight will be 1.5 hours delayed. 30 minutes before the new departure time when all passengers are at the gate they said they need another 20 minutes before boarding. They could have let passengers know of changes in advance but no one bothered. All in all more than 2 hours delay. 
  It's my first time to fly with Cathay Pacific after 10 years. Cathay Pacific's cabin crew are the best. Their attitude and friendliness is more genuine, interacting with them does not feel fake. They can be friendly, laid back while being professional at the same time. I would like to thank Josh, senior purser, for his friendliness and fantastic service. He came to passengers in my area to ask if they enjoyed their meals, make sure they're okay, and chatted with them. Cathay Pacific's in flight entertainment option is the best curated and has the latest films and TV series. However their in flight entertainment option is inconsistent, it depends on the type of aircraft or route you are flying. What Cathay Pacific could improve on is their meal service. I wish cabin crew would give passengers the choice to choose their meals rather than serve whatever they first grabbed in their cart. But I am glad for the Manila-Hong Kong flight they are now serving rice meals compared to only sandwiches 10 years ago.
  Flew Cathay after a long time, excellent inflight service, great entertainment and food options. Was very impressed with the cabin crew efforts to attend to everyone's needs and maintaining a courteous professional service with a smile. The only thing I felt that needs improvement is the leg space in Economy the seats are cramped close to each other and seem to be smaller, felt like there was more seats vs other airlines who use the 777.
 First flight on a 777 was good, food good, service good, comfortable seats, staff excellent. 2nd flight on business class A330 was poor, business class seats, this was a regional 330, very poor, seats hardly recline at all. Dinner poor in flight movies very limited.
  The seat was broken and could not be adjusted. I paid a huge sum of money for business class for more comfort but this made it worse than an economy class seat. Cabin crews tried several times to fix the seat but with no success and said that they would report the case. The seat next to me, sat by my travel companion, was also broken as well as the two seats in front of us. This totally ruined my travel experience. I filed a complaint and they were quick to response initially, offering a reasonable compensation. Two months have passed since then and now they are unreachable in all channels. I called, emailed, and live chatted but no feedback whatsoever. This is very poor customer service from once a decent airline and such a disgrace.
  Their entertainment system have more options as compared to Singapore Airlines (particularly Anime) but the most disappointed thing there was no complimentary WiFi, even for  Business Class. That's where Singapore Airlines score more points than Cathay Pacific. Another thing that I don't like (for all Airlines), amenity kits are given only if the flight time is more than 5 hours.
  Was able to upgrade my seat to Business Calls using my Asia Miles. Seat was very comfortable and was able to get a good sleep. The crew were extremely attentive, polite and helpful regularly walking up and down the aisles to make sure everything was ok. My main gripe was with the quality of the main meals - probably the worst menu I've ever had on a Cathay flight. The idea of a pork, chorizo and pineapple burger was a BIG no, no. The lamb dish with brussels sprouts did not hit the mark (serving brussels sprouts to people in an enclosed space is never a good idea!). On the other hand the mid flight snacks were great - the beef burger was excellent.
   This was my first flight with Cathay Pacific since prior to Covid and having seen some negative reviews about a so-called deterioration in service on CX flights I was a bit worried. However, I found the service to be excellent. The crew were very attentive, polite and professional. The seats were good with ample leg room, great entertainment system with wide selection of movies to keep you occupied during a long flight. For sure there are cheaper air lines out there but I'm happy to pay a bit extra for a peace of mind that I'm in good hands.
   I booked an extra legroom seat and was lucky to find out that the seats next to me were not taken so I had the whole window row for myself. The flight attendants were efficient but felt a bit too serious. The meals were some of the worst I had on a plane. The braised chicken was super gamey I had to look at the menu again to make sure I did not mistakenly get the fish dish. The breakfast sandwich (that I think was chicken) was also gamey and horrible I put it back in the box after the first bite. The infotainment and the wifi were really good and kept me occupied towards the final hours of the flight.
   The boarding was smooth despite the big crowd of passengers and the flight was quite comfortable. The flight attendant who was in charge of our aisle was super nice and charming and behaved like a Disney princess for the children next to me. I forgot to choose the Moslem Meal option so I was not able to eat the breakfast meal as it contained pork and attendant offered me some fruits and yogurt. Overall it was a pleasant flight.
 Shameful exploitation. As a seasoned world traveller, I have flown with pretty much all of the main carriers, and I’m pretty sure I flew with Cathay Pacific around 23 years ago to Singapore. So for my upcoming trip to Phuket via Hong Kong we chose to fly with them again (not much choice to be honest!). Having paid a considerable amount of money to fly with Cathay Pacific this time around, I was horrified and extremely disappointed that to reserve seats so that my wife and I could sit together on the 4 flights I had to pay £197.60. This is absolutely daylight robbery! How can they justify this much money for reserving 2 seats! It costs them nothing… they have already taken 1000’s of pounds for my flights and there is no additional administration needed because its all done via computer (if fact I received confirmation of my reserved seats straight after I’d paid the additional £197.60). It seems to me that they are exploiting a captive audience and playing on the fear of their travellers not being able to sit together on these long haul flights. Shame on you Cathay Pacific! This will be the last time I ever fly with CP, and I will make it my mission in life to inform my many 1000’s of contacts worldwide to do the same! Note: The date of my flight is the 5th of March 2024, so that I could leave this review I chose todays date.
  I recently had the misfortune of booking a flight with Cathay Pacific, and I must say it was the worst airline experience of my life. From start to finish, everything about this trip left me questioning why anyone would willingly subject themselves to such a miserable ordeal. Let's begin with the booking process, which was a nightmare in itself. The website is a convoluted mess, reminiscent of the early days of the internet. Trying to navigate through the various options and actually find a reasonable flight was like solving a complex puzzle. It's 2023, and Cathay Pacific's website seems stuck in the dark ages of web design. Once the day of my flight finally arrived, any hope for redemption was swiftly crushed. The check-in process was an exercise in frustration, with interminable lines and disinterested staff who seemed more interested in their own conversations than assisting passengers. It was as if they were doing me a favor by allowing me to board their subpar aircraft. The interior looked worn out,  seats were uncomfortable, with minimal legroom. The in-flight entertainment system was a relic from a bygone era, offering a limited selection of outdated movies and glitchy games. The food served to me was inedible. But the pièce de résistance of this disastrous trip was the customer service—or lack thereof. The flight attendants seemed to have perfected the art of indifference. Requests for assistance were met with eye rolls and sighs, as if I were inconveniencing them by expecting basic courtesy. It was abundantly clear that the concept of customer satisfaction was lost on the Cathay Pacific crew. To add insult to injury, my luggage was mishandled, arriving at my destination battered and bruised.  My belongings were in shambles, and the airline's response was a lackluster apology that did nothing to remedy the situation. In conclusion, my experience with Cathay Pacific was an unmitigated disaster.
 We had a great experience, food could have been better, but the seats were comfortable, service was great, entertainment was fantastic. For our trip we flew with Qatar, ANA, and Jetstar, and Cathay Pacific was the best.
 Economy flight to Shanghai. Took row 39d. Terrible narrow seat with fixed arm rests. Can barely fit so good luck to anyone over size 40. No place to squeeze in my water bottle or even my iPad. Have to keep everything on my lap. CX really needs to do something about it’s economy flights - even HK express has better seats, plus I can’t remember the last time I got a complimentary upgrade as a gold member while my non- marcopolo infrequent traveller friends get upgraded to PE & Business frequently. Go figure
  I recently had a disheartening experience while traveling with Cathay Pacific on a connecting flight from Chicago to Mumbai via Hong Kong. Unfortunately, my baggage did not make it onto the connecting flight, leading to a series of inconveniences and frustrations. At Chicago, I was assured that my baggage would be seamlessly transferred to my final destination in Mumbai. However, upon reaching Mumbai and waiting at the baggage carousel, it became apparent that one out of my 4 luggage went missing. The entire ordeal left me deeply dissatisfied with the airline's handling of the situation. The consequences of this mishap were significant. Not having access to my checked baggage caused delays and disruptions to my plans. I had to spend valuable time at Mumbai Airport with my 6 month old infant who already flew for 24+ hours, filling out a lost baggage report and providing detailed information about the contents of my missing suitcase, taking all my baggage to customs and loading/unloading all bags at their counters. This process added unnecessary stress and frustration to an otherwise smooth journey. What further exacerbated the situation was the lack of clear communication from airline representatives at BOM. Despite inquiring about the status of my baggage, I was asked to check and recheck the conveyer belt, After a frustrating two hours with my six-month-old baby, they finally admitted that they had received information that my bag had not been loaded at HKG. They continued to blame HKG staff and demanded that I complete all formalities without offering an apology, even though I had inquired about the status of my baggage.  In hindsight, I believe there is a need for improved coordination between airports and airlines, especially during transit. The reliability of baggage handling is a fundamental aspect of air travel, and passengers should be able to trust that their belongings will reach the final destination without complications. Human error happens, but how you handle a situation like this one makes all the difference. Rather than wasting my 2.5 hours, they could have told me that this happened and that they are sorry about it but assured me that they are on top of things, and I wouldn't have been this frustrated. After all, they had already received an email about my missing bag. After spending two hours at the airport completing all the processes, I finally received my suitcase five days later (I had to buy some new goods due to the delay). The airline offered me no compensation and not even an apology. Regarding my travel, it was very pleasant and comfortable, not a single issue but would avoid Cathay in future because of such frustrating customer service I hope that my feedback can be taken into consideration for the improvement of the airline's baggage handling procedures. Travelers should feel confident that their luggage will be handled with care and arrive at their intended destination as promised.
  This is my first time flying with Cathay Pacific, I would never want to deal with them again. First, their mobile app is so backward comparing to other airline, the translation was so confusing, and I added my TSA number during my online check in, it wont show on their system. The staff at the JFK Counter is clueless, not polite and not helpful. They kept giving wrong information, seems like they need more internal training. and they told me there is no line on the regular security check, and I was on the line for 1 hour just because their system can’t find my TNT number, unbelievable. They keeps telling my husband to check in his bag due to the size, we have been traveling with this bag for the past 10 years and no other airline ask us to check in. The staff are just awful and miserable.
 First time traveling with Cathay Pacific since 2019 and the airline needs to make massive improvements to return to pre covid standards. CX216 from Manchester to Hong Kong on A350 aircraft was average, The seats in economy are narrow but do have decent legroom. The main problem is the lack of seat padding which for an eleven hour flight does not make for a comfortable journey. Cabin Crew were fairly efficient when providing food or drinks to the full cabin but otherwise absent outside these times. Food average and choices limited. CX163 Hong Kong to Melbourne was B777 in premium economy. The flight was announced as delayed once passengers were at the gate. A delay of 45 minutes was never readdressed and the eventual delay was over 90 minutes with no information provided. The plane was in need of a major refurbishment stained seats and broken meal trays were much in evidence. The sound system was very poor. Cabin service was poor and the food below average. Cathay needs to up its game as on this showing I would not be using them again any time soon. The middle eastern airlines offer a far superior product. Some five weeks after returning I have still not been credited with my one world points to my main account despite several chasing emails.
 Very pleasant flight, I was able to pay in advance for a leg room seat and it was very comfortable, the flight attendants were very professional like always. The breakfast options were really good and I really enjoyed my deliciously filling Moslem (Halal) breakfast just make sure you select it in advance. The infotainment is among the best I have tried like always.
 Very pleasant flight, I was able to pay in advance for a leg room seat and it was very comfortable, the flight attendants were very professional like always. The breakfast options were ok at least now I know what Congee means. The infotainment is among the best I have tried like always.
  First time flying with Cathay Pacific. I was unaware there were different Economy classes, which I grant is my fault, however I never thought on a long haul flight they would have such a budget class. I was in Light Economy. The seats were basically Ryanair bucket seats with no legroom and so small everyone's arms were over lapping. You can barely eat your meal due to lack of room.  Staff were ok didn't do anything amazing and barely saw them half the time. My flight was at 11am but by 12pm they had turned the lights off. Food was ok, not the best I've had, nor the worst. However the flight from Hong Kong to Phuket was inedible. Definitely first and last time flying with this company. I would rather spend extra and have a better flight with another airline.
  Great flight.! On an A350 clean and comfy. Boarding was done by rows, first Business and Gold members. There were fabric-pillow, blanket and ear phones (nice quality for economy) on the seats. They offer welcome drink (even in economy) you can select alcohol as you like. Cabin crew was friendly. They do not offer amenity kit but you can ask for socks. After departure within the hour they offer first serving with selection of 2 meals. Food was very tasty. IFE is great, there is such a selection of movies that kept me awake. I saw 3 movies during the 11 hour 40 min. flight. I just had a little nap; during flight you can have a snack at the galley at rear of plane. WC is typical but there is cologne and hand cream. Wifi is with a fee, US$9.95 for 60min & US$19.95 for duration of flight. Before landing there is a second food serving. It was one of my best economy flights.
 Cathay simply change the plans from a 3-4-3 to a 3-3-3 seating configurations, and simply reassign customer without informing customer who purchased seats. When customer discovered that he was unable to sit with his flight companion, customer service kept telling she could do nothing to help and only after repeated complaints and try to escalate the issue, customer were forced to the back of the planes without a choice. This is simply absurd on the way Cathay treat it's customer. Other airlines would never do that and would inform customer earlier and communicate properly to customer with proper resolutions or compensations and Cathay Pacific did nothing to remedy the incident. This is unacceptable.
 Check in and boarding at Hong Kong Airport well organized and efficient. The tired looking premium economy cabin is in dire need of a refit. The fold out screen in bulkhead row 30 had to be held while watching, because the tilting mechanism was broken, my neighbor had the same issue. Service after take off shortly after midnight was very slow; it took about three hours until the cabin was finally dimmed. Food was of rather average quality. Overall a rather average experience, and I am hopeful that CX will find back to its pre Covid standards.
  My first leg with them was one of the most uncomfortable seats I've ever had; the second leg was a bit better, but the reclining is extreme, which sure is nice if you're reclining but is horrid when it's the guy in front of you. I could not move around at all, nor access my personal bag, I had to have the guy next to me reach down to get my things, and I'm not overweight or anything, you just have no room to maneuver. I avoided reclining my seat fully to not spread the joy, and it was fine at partial recline for me. Just excessive for standard economy with limited pitch. Also the screen turns on when brushed against, so I was constantly having to turn it off again when moving around because there was about 12in of space between my face and it - at least a dozen probably two dozen instances. The guy next to me had the same issue I noticed. At least they had a lot of good options for entertainment, just I didn't use it and the screen was endlessly an issue. Food was mediocre, and nowhere near enough for 13 hours. Another airline I'm surprised has gotten a "top globally" label. They're not bad, and certainly top in reclining allowance (good and bad), but it's American Airlines tier (which they partner with) overall.
  The original routing was Warsaw-Heathrow-Hong Kong. I received a note 2 weeks prior to departure, that my Warsaw to London flight operated by BA would be cancelled. No alternative was offered. When I called them, I was told that the could put me on a flight 2 days before or after my original flight date. When I denied, since I had to travel on that day, was told that they could do nothing, since this is all BAs fault. When I told them that there were plenty of seats available on an earlier BA flight, they refused to do it. I had to beg them to take the first segment out of the itinerary, so I could find my own way to London. This is the first time in my life, that I had to book and pay for the same flight twice. When I approached a CX supervisor at London airport, she told me that even a ticket issue by CX, all the fault and responsibility lies with BA, so CX cannot offer any help. The flight itself was rather underwhelming for a Premium Economy long haul flight. The outdated seats are not as comfortable as newer products.
   I had to book my flight at a short notice and CX was the only airline which was available to fly at under A$ 1500 return ticket.  Their inflight was excellent, staff were prompt, aircraft was clean, food was excellent with ice cream and good quality liquor serve generously. Every seat has their own water bottle and bathroom was kept clean as much as possible. The only issue i found that their online check in is really bad as they want all sectors including in transit. I will certainly travel again with this airline and they were consistent in service.
   After paying over £3200 for the ticket, Cathay Pacific proved to be the most disappointing flight experience I have had in a number of years. The premium economy cabin on my flights was shabby and old - and while economy, business and first had all been upgraded, Premium Economy was tired, shabby and underwhelming. Service, in general, was brisk and unfriendly. The meal service lacking and with no great differentiation to the economy offering. They had printed menus but I don't know why they bothered as some of food choices were not available and of three white wines listed, only one was available. The cabin was filthy and by the end of the flight it looked like a rubbish tip. The IFE was particularly bad and poorly designed with an unresponsive touch screen and frustrating functions. I remember fondly the days of travelling with Cathay and it being a special and memorable experience. Now it feels like Cathay is barely hanging on the the lowest standards of service, comfort and quality. This is an airline I never choose to travel with again. Cathay hands down have the best lounges I have ever been to, but here the quality stops and by the time you get on board and have been ignored and dismissed by their often rude crew, you realise that you're paying top price to sit on a budget carrier in all other respects. Give me Easyjet over the Cathay experience anytime. A huge, huge disappointment.
  Cathay Pacific and its staff members, namely, Aanchal, Sweta (ground staff at Mumbai airport) and Judith - provided me with excellent support. My bag was misplaced during my transit to Hong Kong airport - Cathay Pacific very promptly and efficiently helped me in locating and verifying my bag and ensured the bag reached me in Mumbai within 24 hours of my communication with Cathay Pacific. I am grateful for their support and thankful to Cathay Pacific and its staff members.
  I had always heard that CP was a decent airline so I was quite surprised at the poor service received. I only ever saw the crew for service twice during the flight, and they even overlooked me and others in the final rows for the final round of drink service until I asked. Oh, and no coffee! Seats are very cramped and uncomfortable compared to other economy sections. Relative to United, the wifi is awful and not worth the money unless you only want to text people. Definitely will try to avoid if I can if the future.
 My flight was CX885 from LAX to HKG aboard a Boeing 777-300ER. Some things I liked about the airline include being welcomed with a full Crystal Geyser bottle of water, as well as being able to preview the in-flight meals with a menu being provided in each seat. Movies were very up to date with many that were recently released this year. This Boeing 777-300ER had a 3-4-3 configuration, the seats used on that flight were very cramped, both width and legroom. The flight attendants weren't that interactive. Service was a bit quiet, and they forgot to serve me dessert as they have served the rest of the passengers. Food was bland. Dinner especially was tasteless. They didn't provide a single amenity kit to any single passenger.
  Horrible experience. The outbound flight i was due to take was delayed meaning I'd miss my connection in Hong Kong. The staff at the desk were awful at explaining and helping us, only 1 person was allowed to allocate people to new flights despite 6-8 staff being at the check-in desk. It was so slow. In the end i got put on a turkish airlines flight, that got me there 4 hours late. No compensation was offered; since I've made several complaints, but even 6 months later, Cathay still haven't got around to replying. Their service is awful, I would not fly this airline again, they have no respect for customers.
  Boarding was chaotic with economy passengers trying to board via the business queue and no staff member giving clear directions. I had a bulkhead seat, my tv screen was too far away to see well, so I didn’t bother. The control in the seat annoying kept turning on whenever I moved. Nowhere to put belongings even small ones. I found the seat quite narrow but recline prety good. Leg rest ok but foot rest inadequate and economy would’ve been just as good.  Welcome champagne taken away before I got to finish then the flight began. Dinner wasn’t particularly good. Keen to get it over with so I could sleep after long previous flight. Took a while to take tray away. Ice cream nice. Nothing else offered until breakfast 2 hours before landing. This was pretty average also and no tea or coffee offered. I requested and was rudely told seatbelt sign on. Ten minutes later the sign was off but I never got any coffee. Pretty poor after a 13 plus flight and 6.30 am arrival. Took nearly 2 hours to get bags as about a third of them were left “ in some container” on the tarmac. Never again, not worth it.
  I was a big fan of Cathay before, had flew them pre-Covid all the time. Was a good airline. But now it was somehow a terrible experience. The seats are good, I’m short so the legroom is good. Nothing much to say but the cleanliness is a bit unacceptable. I had a need to do gaming through the flight. I successfully ran through the game through the in-flight WiFi so I will give them 4 stars. The food wasn’t terrible compared to other’s reviews.  However, the ground service or the flight time slot itself, is unacceptable. 
  Despite the age of the plane, the refreshed economy interior was a big upgrade despite its 10 abreast layout. For someone that is relatively compact, the seat felt perfect and the usable seat width doesn't feel too bad. The only complaint is the unresponsive IFE screen. The seat phone tray is genius and the folded tray table is the best. The cabin crew were were able to move meals around the trolleys between cabins and all options were available. The only issue with the IFE is that the touch screen technology is old and the screen was sometimes completely unresponsive or hanged and you had to be patient for it to reload. On my return flight, it seemed to be slightly better.
  I flew with Cathay from Hong Kong to Tokyo. The ticket cost about 7000 HKD. The seat was nice, but could be better. The crew were really professional. The meal was pretty nice. I flew in the morning and there was a choice of a western or local breakfast. I decided to choose the local one because I wanted to try something new from Cathay. The sauce in the stir-fried noodles was quite flavourful. The noodles were a bit dry but I thought it was a pleasant experience. The ife had some trendy movies. Overall I would recommend flying with Cathay.
  The flight took off on time and the on board service was on point. Nice infotainment system and good food.
  Never received such bad service from Cathy Pacific. It was extremely hot day, I pressed the assistance button for a flight attendant or a glass of water, but no flight attendant showed up for 15 minutes. Finally, I asked the flight attendant for a glass of water, and she told me, she will be serving meals very soon, and finally, the water was served after about 15 minutes. After an hour, I requested a glass of water again from the same person. She again didn't serve for 20 minutes. So after about 30 minutes, I had to ask another flight attendant for a glass of water. Basically waited twice over 30 minutes just to get a glass of water. Worst service I have had from Cathay Pacific. 
  Worst Airline I’ve flown with economy seat. Seated in front of the toilet, last row and given the last option. I requested for window or aisle and not in front of the toilet but was given the worst seat I ever had ever since i traveled to anywhere. Staff are unfriendly and one of the worst meal from Hong Kong to Narita.  Crew at the back are very loud before take Off. They need to have a serious customer service training. Seats are worn out.
  This review is for the outbound and inbound flights between Hong Kong and Singapore. First time on board CX A350. Outbound I was supposed to sit in economy, but a lady requested to swap seats with me, so I got to sit in premium economy! Very impressed with the seat features and spaciousness. Noise cancelling headset from J class was offered. 3 meal choices, metal cutlery, Hagan Daaz ice cream etc. Very good IFE full of movies and music. Service is good and food was delicious too. Inbound I sat in economy. A man in front of me requested to be off loaded to deal with a sudden family emergency. The crew handled it very smoothly and without fuss. It caused a slight delay, but we still managed to arrive a little ahead of time. Seat pitch in economy is very good, with 3 3 3 across. Excellent design of one tray for food, another "tray" under the IFE to hold drinks and media devices. USD port is nearby too. Each seat also comes with own power outlet. 2 choice of meals, also served with metal cutlery. All in all, I am honestly quite impressed with CX now. For many years I have avoided them because of the past experience. So glad to see they are catching up with the fast changing world.
  Before COVID, Cathay Pacific used to be my favourite airline so I was so looking forward to flying with them again as they are known to now be trying to get back to normal. However, while the cabin crews and flight crews did a fabulous job, the food was simply awful. In fact, I would go so far as to say its the worst airline food I have ever had in my 40 years of flying, both short and long haul. Otherwise, to be fair, flights were punctual and in-flight entertainment very good. However, sorry Cathay, but I could not face such awful food again and am forced to switch to Japan Airlines, Singapore Airlines, or Emirates from Australia to Europe.
  I actually made four long-haul flights on Cathay this trip. Overall, the standard was solid four-star, rather than five. The food and drink were acceptable, if unexciting, and the seats were comfortable. But the absence of any sort of privacy screens was surprising and felt dated. All the flight attendants were extraordinarily prompt at responding to requests for service and appeared willing. I had two main issues. On the flight from Auckland to Hong Kong (11-1/2 hours, 38 seats in business, I think) there was no Champagne available after takeoff. A flight attendant told me they had only loaded three bottles, which ran out on the ground. The flight was late into Hong Kong, so I was transferred to a later flight on which I was assigned (without warning or apology) a middle seat, instead of the window I'd reserved. The absence of any privacy screen meant I spent a rather intimate 13+ hours with a stranger. He was a nice chap, but if I want a blind date, I'll go online rather than on an aircraft. I paid £5,000+ for business because I wanted Champane and privacy, so I am not too happy. Anyways, I've asked for a partial refund and was going to await a response from Cathay before posting. But Cathay has just responded: "A member of our Customer Care team will review your case and respond in approximately six weeks’ time." Oh well.
  Very disappointed after having flown Cathay Pacific previously with good experiences. My flight out of SFO on April 30, 2023 was uneventful except the Stewardesses made the flight miserable by serving the meals and disappearing for 2 hours. You couldn't get up to use the restroom and they were not attentive, checking on the passengers. The worst part was that the bathroom was dirty, and there was no toilet paper or paper towels. Flew home on JAL, had excellent service and clean facilities with normal size restroom. 
  Food offerings at Seoul Asiana lounge rather poor, the wing lounge at Hong Kong airport much better. Food ex Seoul was good, ex HKK rather mediocre. Service seats and entertainment system excellent.
  Check in and security check at BKK airport swift, CX lounge in Bangkok and Hong Kong very pleasant as always. Aircraft, seat comfort and service topnotch. What really spoiled those flights was the really poor catering. On both flights, the food was poor in quality and presentation. I did not see the Y class menu, but it looked like average economy class food on China. An example were the what the menu pompously called “a variety of cereals”, when I asked what the choices were, I was handed a small box of Kellogg’s cornflakes. So there was no variety. The same applies to wine. There is no more choice, just one white or one red, which were both dreadful. I was always very fond of CX, but this was just awful catering.
 Both flights were very pleasant, both departed a few minutes early and arrived early. The B777-300 was the version with 10 across seating and extra rows added. I was surprised I did not find much difference with the older models. I am of average height and weight and leg room/seat width were perfectly acceptable for short haul. But I would not be keen to spend an overnight flight on these seats. Service was very good and attentive. The meals tasty and plentiful. Lots of different types of IFE programming. The only problem that seems now common with most airlines is that the price for this route has skyrocketed by about 50% since January!
  I had high expectations but it is a true disappointment. The flight delayed, the cabin was not clean. The flight attendant were tired and demotivated. No accessories like eye blinds, earplugs. My food was terrible and seats were very uncomfortable.
  They don't serve bottled waters on the plane. I took Cathay years ago and the service was exceptional, legroom was great. Now if you are on economy, the legroom is tiny. They squeeze an unhealthy amount of people on the plane and expect people to check their carry on as they have now run out of space. My tray table was not clean and their crew looked exhausted. They did not respond to the call bell throughout the flight. Pillows and blankets were provided upon request. 
  Cathay’s economy class offering has really gone down hill. On the packed flight from Hong Kong to Sydney, the toilets were in a disgusting state from early in the flight. The chief flight attendant gave the wrong information to passengers - that only one Australian customs/immigration form was needed per family (instead of one form per passenger). And when the plane had arrived in Sydney, and all the passengers were waiting for their bags, a series of announcements were made to say that all the bags were still inside the plane’s hold, and the airline did not know when they would be released. Our bags came out within an hour, but were among the early ones. 
  The legroom was good,  seat was comfortable with good recline, meals were tasty, and inflight entertainment was exceptional. The cabin crew were better than in 2019: they were pleasant, helpful and efficient. The 8-hour flight between Perth and Hong Kong was perfect. The 15-hour flight between Hong Kong and Toronto was better than in 2019, thanks to a new A350-1000 aircraft. However, there are still only two meal services on this very long flight, which is not enough. There really needs to be a third service with a proper snack box at the very least. Unfortunately, the toilets were not well maintained if at all, and the cabin crew need to clean them every hour or two, particularly on such a long flight. But overall I was very happy with this trip and pleased to see some improvements since 2019. It was great value for money.
  The worst service I have experienced. I used to think Cathay Pacific was good, this time round no luck. The one staff member on the ground that I saw was quite sweet but that was another story when I hopped on the plane they were so rude. As for comfort it was pretty squished and the seats were not the most comfortable, food was average, inflight entertainment was pretty decent and the loos where clean, but the real issue happened when I landed, I get called over the intercom to come to baggage services before bags where loaded onto the conveyor belt. My good bag was not put on plane it’s coming on the next flight will be with me in two days (I wish). Three weeks later Cathay can’t tell me anything I wait the 21 days to make a claim they have no phone call service and when you do talk to someone they are so incredibly rude and blame every one else. Anyway wait the 21days fill out the paperwork on there website about claims and then get an email that someone would be in contact with me in 6 weeks approximately.
 This is my first time flying first class on the Cathay Pacific. Baggage check in was smooth as expected. The ground staffs were courteous and handled with my baggage with care. The in-flight service manager quickly greeted me and brought me to my seat as I stepped onboard the aircraft. The stewardess offered me a welcome drink and I ordered a glass of champagne Krug 2004 Vintage Brut.  The stewardess offered me mixed nuts, a small cup of sparkling tea, hot towel, and Bamford amenity kit. The flight took off as scheduled and meal was served. I ordered the Caviar Venice and it was extraordinary with a rich taste.  After the meal, I asked for flattening my seat into bed as I wanted to take a nap.  Mattress is soft and duvet is fairly comfortable. I also requested soft pillow. Overall, the stewardesses are attentive, professional, efficient.
  We booked our flight from Toronto to Auckland on Cathay. Not an efficient route, but the fare was better than other routings and we have always appreciated the inflight service. Things went OK on the outbound flight although they rescheduled our flight several times. At least they notified us of the changes, Three days before our return flight, I went on line to check our departure time and there was a notice that our flights had been cancelled. They did not advise us, they did not try to rebook us. There was an option to click a button and request a refund only. In a panic, I called the NZ number on their website and got a message that the number was not in service. The only way I could communicate was a What’s App chat. After hours on this chat, the agent offered me a routing through New York which would get us home two days later than planned. Not great, but better than nothing. I said I would take it upon which she said it was not really available because the last leg was on American Airlines and they would need approval. She said my only option was to depart four days later on the original routing. I told her our visa expired on the original date and she said this was not Cathay’s problem. Mercifully, her shift ended and I got shunted to a new agent who was willing to try and get us on the JFK flight. She said I would have to wait for email confirmation. After an agonizing day of waiting for this confirmation, I went on line and saw that the American flight was confirmed but that the two Cathay flights were waitlisted! Back to the chat and more hours wasted to get all flights confirmed. I have never had a situation where an airline cancels your flight and that is the end of the story, I still cannot believe they did not advise us or try to rebook us without our intervention. We will never book with Cathay again as we have lost all confidence in this airline.
  Flight overall was not bad though the seats were cramped and legroom was tight. The cabin crew told my mom there were water bottles in the back near the restrooms but there wasn't there were just snacks. Overall a good experience!
  3 years has changed the ethos of the Cathay. I checked in from Bangkok at 4.30pm on 1/4/23 to catch a connecting flight to Narita via Hong Kong. In Bangkok I requested to be seated with my wife. The staff said that the Hong Kong Narita seating can only be changed in Hong Kong. When we reached Hong Kong we waited 30 min to be attended to and was informed that the seating could only be changed at the boarding gate. The staff were only present at 12.15am for a 1.20am flight. When they arrived, I asked about the seat change and I was just answered seat remains the same. Cannot change - that was the staff’s exact words. I just walked away and swore never to fly Cathay again. Cathay has deteriorated in quality so rapidly.
 After almost 8 years of not flying with them because I felt their standards had dropped. I gave them another chance and I am glad I did, they have once again improved. From Kuala Lumpur, CX uses Malaysia airlines golden lounge in Satellite terminal. Which is spacious but lacking in staff and food offerings. The A330 J cabin is the regional 2x2x2 angle lie flat designs from quite a few years ago. For short to medium haul, this is quite acceptable. In March 2023, post pandemic time, mask is no longer mandatory. Cathay once again introduces hot towels, and meals served in separate courses. Only things absent were inflight magazines, duty free catalogues and on board duty free sales. Other than that, it's business as usual. Meals were nicely presented in simple but chic white porcelain wares, with 3 mains to choose from. Our cabin was full for the day and 4 crew worked diligently to make sure everyone is happy. The flight itself was uneventful and very relaxing. I have now regained confidence with CX, and will be happy to fly with them wherever I go. After all, my home is in HK, and it's to my advantage if I fly them, as for me to have more direct flight choices and easier to collect miles.
  Food was brilliant, the wine and desserts. The cheesecake with fruits on top and the 1995 Warre's Otima Colheita Tawny Port are my personal favourite. Pajamas provided by the airline, the cabin crew helped fixing my seats into full flat bed. The bed is soft yet supportive.  I had chance to order their signature cup noodles. 
  The kid sitting next to me was really loud and it really affected me as I wanted to take a short nap before arriving Hong Kong. I reported this to the stewardess and asked them if they can do something about it. The stewardess has kindly given me a noise canceling headphone and additional pillow for me regardless of my economy class status. I was delighted by the way the airline addressed my concern and resolved it quickly. After the food was served, the stewardess asked me again if everything was alright to make sure if I'm comfortable. Thanks for the kindness.
  I was already seated inside the aircraft and noticed I left my jacket with my wallet inside it at the boarding gate. I explained the situation to one of the flight crew and she accompanied me to the waiting lounge. She made my trip one of my best trips.
  Boeing 777 seats are comfortable with sufficient legroom for premium economy. Food average as the food options in premium economy are identical to the economy class, but the cabin crew kindly served a glass of champagne and juice along with a piece of hot towel as I boarded. Cabin staff are helpful and attentive. The flight arrived Taipei punctually.
  
Seats are comfortable and when the seat is full flat, the bedding is plush. Despite it's a 3-hour flight to Beijing, they offer a wide range of food and liquor options. I ordered noodle soup and it was exquisite. I tried their signature Cloud Nine cocktail and that didn't disappoint. I would love to see is more privacy by adding a sliding door for each business class/first class cabin. Some airlines beginning offering that. It's not a big deal to me but would be nice to have that option.
  The flight was full but managed to take off on time. Overall the trip is not bad, but I wish to see more passion and smile from the cabin crew. Services were delivered on time and the cabin crews quickly dished out food to passengers. The food, roast beef with potatoes, was beyond my expectation. I didn't expect that kind of food from economy class. The airline didn't cheap out dessert and still offer Haagen Daaz ice cream, which always lifts up the overall dining experience.
  Cabin crew attentive but not friendly. Excellent entertainment in term of quality and choice. The cabin and toilets were kept clean  Food and beverage were very good in term of quantity and service. My complaint is the leg room which was tight especially on the return flight between Hong Kong and Dubai.
  Very pleasant flying experience, very organised boarding procedure. Excellent service, quality and quantity was very good. The product is brilliant. Heaps of legroom, comfortable reclining seat which allows for some good sleep with nice leg/feet support. The IFE is also great. Plenty of movies and series available, even pretty new ones. The cabin crew was very friendly. Whenever requested extra drinks or snacks (hot cup noodles) were provided immediately. Only downside was that through out journey masks had to be worn, even while at Hong Kong Airport. Also there were only a limited number of shops and restaurants open at HGK but this has nothing to do with the Cathay. 
  I had too many expectations of this company. The product is not bad, but is nothing exceptional. For example: Cathay meal trays that contain everything (starter, main course, dessert). Presentation - it's a meal tray, difficult to present something appetizing. Emirates, Qatar and Swiss to name a few: 4-course meal, served one after the other, with a nice presentation. Seat not bad, but again, nothing exceptional. Qatar Airways is better. Cabin crew very nice and attentive staff. However, the service is slow during meals. The food arrived 40 minutes after the tablecloth. I wondered if the food was on the same plane or if someone had gone to get some. The first served had finished eating, while I was still waiting to be served. The food is good. Plane modern, clean.  I am happy with the 4 flights I made with this company. Will I fly with them again? Yes, if the price is low. For a standard price, I will choose another company.
 Our international trip started wrong on December 25th 2022 when the pilot and crews of Cathay Pacific got Covid. We received a last minute notice that the flight was delayed for 18+ hours later. At the Cathay Pacific airport counter, it took 3.5 hours to rebooked us to Singapore Airlines. Upon arrival to the final destination, we lost 1 of our suitcase and neither Cathay Pacific nor Singapore Airlines want to be responsible with it. They made it hard for me to file for lost claim and has become unresponsive to my inquiry. This has been a very stressful trip and unprofessionally handled. We had to extend the trip for a full day and we were traveling with little kids. Imagine that.
 The cabin crews seem sad but they are helpful and trying to serve the passengers. I got penne pasta for the only meal I had in my flight and it was great, and they still serve Haagen-Dazs ice cream. I understand the airline and cabin crew are having a difficult time now, but I hope next time when I fly Cathay again I will see more smiles from the cabin crews face. It means a lot to the passenger.
 I'd heard only good things about Cathay and hadn't flown them for years. Apart from trip back to Canada I won't fly them again. Check in folks in Toronto were great but flight attendants were virtually none-existent during the 14.5 hour flight. Seats felt tight, food was just OK but the kicker was the disregard for cleanliness in the toilets. They were disgusting. Sinks didn't drain, toilet seats were wet and filthy and my shoes stuck to the floor. Flight itself was smooth and on time. Cabin presence needs to be improved.
  It was my first flight with Cathay and also with A350-1000 and that's why I chose this flight. The company changed my seat from 17A to 17K, which I was disappointed about, as I prefer a window seat. Finally seat 17A was available and the staff was accommodating and allowed me to sit in seat 17A. The staff was very pleasant and accommodating. The food was excellent. Entertainment is very good. The flight was smooth and we landed on time. 
  As a Marco Polo member for many years I have never experienced such service from Cathay before. As frequent flyer this is the worst ever situation that happened, frankly it's just a minor request. I just wanted a cup of hot water after many hours of Flying, the male staff refused my request replying that he was too busy. Inside I was fuming but didn't want to make a scene on flight so returned to my seat without anything. 
  Overall it was a great experience. Being one of the most popular destination from Hong Kong, there were more people lining up at the check in counters at the Hong Kong International Airport as expected, but it was not chaotic. I was able to get my boarding pass with a waiting time of about half an hour. The ride was overall pleasant with no major issues. The cabin crew served us meal once and it was satisfactory. I also managed to sleep for 2 hours with no disturbance. The flight landed Tokyo as scheduled. Overall it was a satisfactory flight.
 Delay of 2 hours in HKG caused by operational reasons. Disappointed with service on board. Meal choice from Menu not available. During the flight except dinner and breakfast was no one time asked by the staff if anything is needed. Staff just passing by quickly not even react when waving hand. You get economy service for a business price. Only good think is the big business seat. No service besides that. Entertainment touch screen problem changing Menus by itself.
  The flight was about 60% occupied. The economy class seats are just alright, about the same as other airlines. The  entertainment is nice, screen is large. Plenty of movies/shows and documentaries. The cabin crew are responsive and quick to approach me when I pressed the bell for help. Meals are pretty good. I also bought the WiFi which cost $20 US dollars for the 2hr 40 mins flight. The service quality is about the same pre-pandemic. All in all, I'm satisfied with the trip overall.
  Cathay Pacific's Premium Economy left much to be desired - cabin crew were not attentive to passengers' needs. After serving the first meal, cabin crew disappeared for the next 6 or so hours of the long flight from Vancouver to Hong Kong. No special drinks were offered to Premium Economy passengers, and only standard snacks - chocolate bars, granola bars, peanuts, etc. were offered upon request. The Boeing 777-300 ER cabin is particularly noisy, seems it is due to noisy ceiling fans. It was a fully booked flight, and cabin crew were clearly overwhelmed by the number of passengers on board. The aisles are very narrow on the Boeing 777 aircraft, since Cathay is now cramming 10 across seating in economy, so passengers can easily be run over and injured by meal and beverage carts. Overall, it was a very disappointing experience with Cathay - it is not the premium airline it used to be, and from what I've experienced, it may never be.
 Flew on Dec 27 2022 from Toronto to Sydney to attend a wedding of my nephew. My wife's bag didn't arrive, and Cathay couldn't locate it. A friend of us works in Melbourne airport located the bag in Honk Kong a week after our arrival. It took them another week to get to Sydney. We never got the bag in Australia until we left on Jan 20 2023. The whole vacation got ruined, couldn't reach out to any help line number provided for us. We were left with zero help. The bag finally arrived to our address in Canada on Jan 27 2023! Exactly after one month lost between airports. Cathey Pacific didn't call or provide apology or a compensation according to the rules of the IATA! Nothing at all, we had to scrap our return tickets, buy a new one with Air Canada. Would never fly with them again.
  Cathay Pacific had gotten worse after the pandemic. This is the first time after 3 years i flew with them. Bad and rude service from the stewardess. Airplane food taste is bland from the main dish and I can only eat the bread and butter and fruits. I bought a new suitcase just to see it extensively damaged upon my return flight. Any effort to make a claim to Cathay. They completely ignore my emails, calls and direct contact. From direct contact, they will say to follow up on this, but still 2 weeks later still no update. 
  Plane appeared to be brand new, however very cramped seats, no legroom at all. Thank god only 2 hour flights as very uncomfortable. Food was a packed lunch box, Service was good and Brisk, Entertainment was good.
  Fully packed plane, but service and seats were good on this sector. Food was okish, I would not say great, but ok. In flight entertainment was good. Plane was on time. Oldish 330 but comfortable
  Hong Kong's strict quarantine procedure has been lifted and flights between Hong Kong and America are resuming gradually, so me and my family decided to fly to New York for vacation. Cathay Pacific was extremely thorough with its check-in procedures. At the beginning, all passengers will have to line up to have their body temperature checked before being able to get into one of the baggage check-in isles. I was flying premium economy and I had to stay with the economy class line. Fortunately thanks to the world class efficiency of the Cathay Pacific baggage check-in staffs, I did not have to wait too turn to have my turn. Check-in staff has kindly asked to check all my identifications and itinerary. Despite I was flying premium economy class, I was able to access and enjoy the Cathay Lounge in Hong Kong with my credit card. The lounge is simply top notch. Boarding was on schedule. There was a slight but acceptable waiting time at the taxiway due to the traffic. The flight was operated with a B777-300 with 34 seats in premium economy class configured 2x4x2. Half of the seats were occupied. On boarding I was offered a drink and asked for the specifically non-alcoholic mixed drink that Cathay Pacific always offers. In addition to that, the cabin crew also offered me a hot towel to clean up my hands before enjoying the welcome drink and all the facilities around my seat. A care kit was at each seat with a disposable mask and a few sheets of antiseptic wipes. The Cathay Pacific premium economy class seats are quite well designed to take advantage of the available space. It was surprisingly comfortable and a huge step above the economy class seats. For those who want a little more seat comfort, you should pay the extra bucks for upgrading to the premium economy seats! I have been flying Cathay Pacific for many years and I have seen the ranking of Cathay Pacific has been dropping significantly and people were talking about the deterioration of the service and cabin quality as opposed to other Asian airline counterparts. It was sad to hear because my satisfactory experience with Cathay Pacific has always been consistent and I don't notice any deterioration of the service and cabin quality. Cathay Pacific definitely deserves better. Last but not least, I recommend everyone to fly with Cathay Pacific Airways, whether long haul or short haul flight. I'm sure you will enjoy single moment of it. Thank you!
  This was an appalling experience. We were on a code share flight, starting in Auckland with an Air New Zealand flight to Hong Kong. We travelled business class and the Air NZ service was exemplary. By contrast, the Cathay cabin crew were a shambles and gave no customer service. They stood around with a tray of drinks as we boarded but did not offer them. The menu was disappointing and the cabin crew so badly organised that it took ages for them to serve the food. I chose fish which was fairly revolting. My wife opted for the vegetarian dish which arrived half an hour after everybody else had been served and was inedible. There was no attempt to see if we were ok or wanted another drink or coffee. I gave my breakfast order before going to sleep. My wife was not asked for her order with the result that they claimed not to have her choice (they later managed to find it). I was served the wrong breakfast and again had to ask for everything - more coffee etc. The crew seemed completely disinterested in their passengers. On a 14 hour flight the restrooms became insanitary but the crew paid no attention to them until we asked for them to be cleaned. The lack of service would have been unsatisfactory in economy class; it was unacceptable for business class.
  The online side of CX is still very slick and easy to use. Lounge at HK gate 40 has a good food and drink selection. Boarding smooth. As its a late departure a rather odd choice of food on offer and a bit of a rushed feel to the service. Some items like salt and pepper had to be asked for. Drinks flowing, Riesling is excellent. Return was again a late flight. Lounge at LAX is huge but food offering dismal. Really cheap looking. CX need to look into this. I wouldn't rush there. Boarding all good and the kind staff found an item I had left at check in- thank you !! Food choices better and service good. Seat set up is great, everything technically perfect. Lovely breakfast and asked for champagne with- no problem! Arrived an hour early. Airport back to normal finally and home by 0745am. People complaining about minor things on CX need to try flying B class in Europe and South America. Still a reliable airline.
 Most ridiculous service, cant even check in online because of their tie up with air new Zealand doesn't allow to do so. Will never book with them again
 Apart from a very kind, helpful and polite cabin crew, the overall experience was very poor. The seats were very uncomfortable and rows too tight. The food was about the worse I have ever had on a long flight. No night set, no basic hygiene kit. A lot to improve compare to the top notch companies like Qatar Airways, Emirates, Etihad, Singapore Airlines, ANA, etc. Although the entertainment offer was satisfying, the screen was really slow.
  Worst customer service I have ever had. Cathay Pacific customer service creates made me lose more than 30000 Asia miles.  They didn’t have a proper office even in Hong Kong. They only have the customs service centre which makes you wait for more than an hour to respond to your enquiry. They provide WhatsApp customer service which takes so long to respond and you change so many agent for a simple enquiry. (Normally 4-5 days for a simple enquiry). They promise Asian refund over booking cancellation but when you rebook they took no responsibility with the refund. They had my chat details through WhatsApp chat proofing the return of the mileage confirmed by staff and they simply apologised for their mistake and took no action. I don’t know what they are focusing on Cathay Pacific at the moment. Won’t consider to travel with them.
  Every aspect of my first (and last) experience with Cathay Pacific has been a nightmare. Firstly they cancelled and automatically rebooked me on flights which didn't match up (the connecting flight leaving before the inbound one landing) and it took a whole month of emails to rectify. I was asked to register details for priority check in 48 hours before boarding, and this automatically triggered a move for the booking from my BA account to their AsiaMiles account (which I am still trying to rectify, with zero replies from Cathay). Despite me meticulously adding my BA number to the booking. They then lost my luggage and what was going to be a 24 hour delay turned into a four day wait (my bags went on a grand tour Amsterdam>Istanbul>Hong Kong>Melbourne). The AU$150 given to me initially provided essentials for the first day in Melbourne, and I was assured I'd by someone managing baggage loss that I'd be reimbursed for any other essentials. Which came to just over £200. On providing receipts I was offered AU$50 because the items bought will have "residual value" (I mean – they can have these items sent to them if they like! I just wanted my baggage). Through all of the above, I have tried to use the WhatsApp customer service they advertise which is utterly, utterly pointless. It takes 24 hours for someone to reply with: "you must be busy now, please contact us again if you need help", as if you're monitoring your WhatsApp 24/7. I have an archive of around 150 curtailed WhatsApp chats. Worst customer service ever.
  Poor service, small legroom, and limited food choices, the crew is not familiar with immigration rules and impolite. The inflight entertainment provided is not updated and the toilet is not clean. 
  Poor and unreasonable baggage rules. I chose their Premium Economy service this time and I got 2 x23 kg baggage quota. I got three bags need to check in and the overall weight is within the limit but CX was rejected and said only 2 bags are allowed. I don't understand why there is no flexibility to their customer. Finally, I paid extra USD 60 for the extra check-in baggage and I haven't experienced the same handling in other airlines. Other traditional airlines always accept extra baggage as long as the overall weight is within limit. Ground service is not helpful. It is my first time taking premium  economy class and I don't see any premium service except extra legroom. Food choice is limited and no food or drink menu is provided. Poor service and overall experience.
  What an absence of 2 years has made. Reservation units? Almost non existent. Mostly the website or the app. Customer Care just 1 number to dial. I tried 5 times, and each call, it lasted more than one hour before i finally hang up the phone. I never got the chance to actually speak to a human . Online chat the same deal. It takes at least a good 70 minutes, before the chatbot passes the message to a real human being. If you key in from the chatbot list of FAQs, those simple answers are the same from what you find on the website, not a single extra detail more. Also watch out for number, measurement and the weight of your luggage.  Cathay implement new strict baggage rules, 1+1+1. One cabin, one check-in, and one small hand carry for economy class. Want to get 2 check-in luggage - you can, but at an additional cost. Cathay forgot to load my vegetarian meal. In flight music and TV is very limited. It is that bad.  Some of the crew that was mostly has this "can do" attitude before, now suddenly has the budget airlines incapacity. Poker face, less attentive, and trying to avoid interactions as much as possible. Most of the shops in the airport are close. Hope you do not wait long for your transit. 
  Cathay cancels the flight from Hong Kong to Brisbane. I had to spend 2 hours on the phone to get another flight to Sydney. I then had to pay for a hotel room as they don't compensate accommodation and pay the extra to rebook my flight to Townsville. All up an extra $600. Never fly Cathay Pacific
 The flight experience was very pleasant. The online check-in process was simple. The flight attendants are all polite, hard-working, and well- mannered. The food is pretty good. It doesn’t have a large selection but the quality is good (the food is warm enough. the dinner roll is warm and soft). There’s fresh fruit and ice cream too. This is instrumental to a long flight (>14 hours) as you don’t want to feel stuffed but refreshed and hydrated. The flight is clean and seats feel very new (not sure if they did any renovation during the pandemic). The ground service of CX at the Logan airport is great. I need to take the second flight and basically had no ideas on what to do with my baggage. The ground service there told me where to go, where to claim my baggage and where to drop off and check in again. One improvement I would make is on the movie/TV selection.
  Paid extra for a good seat; Didn't get it due to weight balance but was promised refund the price difference before the flight; Wasted 10+ hours in nightmares with the Cathay Pacific customer service on whatsapp, emails, and phone calls, but it's still not resolved yet. I spent a few hundred dollars more on this 17 hour long trip, for a seat with good leg room and unobstructed view by the wing. However, I was told by the lady at the check-in counter that the seat had been changed by "the people in Hong Kong" for weight balance and she could do nothing about it. But she told me that the price difference can be refunded as long as I contact the customer service. And I believed her easily and thought that would be easy and not waste much of my time, because the fact that a paid service cannot be provided implies that that part of the cost should refunded. Or so I thought. The first customer service guy told me that it was impossible even before I could finish describing my situation. And he was also very ignorant of what services they are offering, and thought that one doesn't have to pay anything for extra leg room nowadays. I contacted again in emails, and the second person turned out to be a huge disappointment too. I was humiliated by a "goodwill gesture" of 10,000 Asia Miles that I will probably never use. And this guy even started to blame that it was their staff at JFK who changed my seat, which contradicted what I heard before the flight. And I am confused why that can be a good reason for not refunding me too, maybe by discrediting the check-in counter lady who told me that I could easily get a refund? After that I have spent more hours on emails and phone calls with their customer service. It has been a nightmare. More appointment and more humiliation. This is my first flight with Cathay Pacific, and I think the last one too. I don't know why it was a trustworthy airline in my impression, but not anymore. Regarding the inflight experience, I had a broken TV, a tiny unstable table with no beverage holder, and was in a location directly facing the toilet. I didn't sleep the night before the flight for better in-flight sleeps and jet lag, but I couldn't because the toilet flashed me every 5 minutes.
  Cathay is a great airline if you get on the plane. They are absolutely horrendous when it comes to cancelling flights and being inflexible and unable to accommodate you on partner airlines. My flight in November 2022 was cancelled and the would not let me fly on a oneworld partner. Instead they wanted me to do a 3 day layover and arrive 3.5 days late to my destination. Which is not ideal when you booked a 3 day trip. Only when I pointed out to them that I was arriving after my return flight left did they say "oh maybe we need to rebook the return too then". Ridiculous. There are tons of oneworld partner flights that would get me there on time but they refused to accommodate me on any of them.
 London to Auckland via Hong Kong. I am travelling to Auckland from LHR next February, 2 pax business class. Not cheap! Given the choice of two 5-star airlines I opted for Cathay Pacific over Singapore Airlines, a decision I’m quickly coming to regret. Just over 6 months before I’m due to fly, I receive an email cancelling our flights from LHR-HKG and from HKG-AKL. I have been offered replacement flights with the second leg now on an alternative 4-star airline and, to compound matters, a 10h 40m layover in HKG. Totally unacceptable in my view. What’s more, you should try getting in touch with the airline to discuss the matter. The phone number just puts you on hold and the chat function tries to be smart but is worse than useless. I had really high hopes for a great flying experience but these hopes have been dented significantly.
  A pleasant flight. I traveled with them on the Airbus A330-300 from Chengdu to Hong Kong. A great flight, and excellent service in the air and on the ground, I have never been disappointed in Cathay Pacific.
  All my flights from Canada to Vietnam were canceled a month or two before my trip so I called them to reschedule the flights. It took them forever to confirm my new flights and send me a new itinerary. I had to call them again 1-2 weeks before the trip to ask for an update and even then, not all of reservations were confirmed. My flight from Saskatoon to Vancouver apparently needed an update from the Hong Kong team who needed to connect with Air Canada. That again took extremely long. I had to call them almost every single day to ask about the flight just to get the same response of "Don't worry, you are assured to get on the flight" or "We still need to her back from the Hong Kong Team" or "We will call you as soon as we have any update". Up until 3 days before the trip, I did not receive a single call or email regarding the issue. On that day, I had to call them constantly for 5 hours, talking to numerous agents without being to make any progress. And, at the last minute, they informed me that the flight was no longer in their system. Apparently, Air Canada decided to prioritize their passengers and I couldn't get on the flight anymore despite having requested it months ago. This miscommunication between airlines COST ME $600 to book myself a last-minute flight with another airline (Westjet) from Saskatoon to Vancouver to catch other flights. That was the cheapest ticket I could find which unfortunately left a day early than my planned trip. So I had to stay at the Vancouver airport more than 24 hours. And since it was too sudden, I could not make any hotel reservations and had to sleep on a wooden bench in a food court where people talked throughout the night. Also, due to the small number of Cathay Pacific flights from Vancouver to anywhere else, there was not a single agent I could talk to in person. I couldn't even check in my luggage early and had to sleep with two 23-kg boxes and 2 extra carry ons. I was extremely disappointed with Cathay Pacific. Initially, I thought their customer service was good as they were nice and tried to book new flights for me when I requested. But, their inability to communicate with other airlines or even among their teams slowed everything to an extreme. To make it even worse, their refund/compensation policy makes no sense. They couldn't fly me out to Vancouver but they reused to give me a refund for that particular flight. They told me that if I wanted a refund, I would need to cancel the trip for a complete refund. Now, I don't know who I talk to about this issue to demand a fair explanation and compensation. I already filed a complaint but looking at how terrible their communication is, I don't think I would even hear back from them.
  I've had a terrible experience with Cathay. Our flight was from Phuket to Hong Kong and from there to JFK-NY. 2 weeks before our flight, Cathay cancelled the first leg of the flight without any reason. They did not provide any alternative solution and no rebooking options. I had to work with my travel agent on my own and find a flight on my own. After 5 days of discussions with them, I managed to get us rebooked for the first leg of the flight. 12 hours (!) before our departure I received an email from Cathay mentioning that they cancelled the second leg of the flight. Again no explanation given, no support, not even mentioning anything about refunding us. I was trying to contact them but it was impossible. I booked a new flight on my own and had to pay out of my pocket. This airline is completely irresponsible and not to be trusted. This was the last time I booked a flight with them and will never do so again. I also requested a refund for the seat that I had purchased on the cancelled flight and their response was that my refund is ineligible!
 The flights that I booked for my daughter and fiancé were great, they got to the UK fine. Two days later they cancelled the flight from Hong Kong to Sydney. No explanation no alternative just cancelled, but not the flight from Heathrow to Hong Kong. So they get to Hong Kong and are left there. No communication, no assistance, just left. I have now paid for their return on a reliable airline. Do not trust Cathay Pacific.
  Cathay cancelled my mom’s flight and I have been calling them everyday for more than a week now and has been promised something a lot of times, but nothing. I have been very patient with each call. I’ve ask for a supervisor on the 3rd call and they promised they’ll call me back in 2 hours,  Final call I was promised to get a confirmation email of approval in 24 hours, 3 days later, no emails, nothing! They have to get an approval to replace a shorter flight they canceled even if the replacement was way longer for a Senior. Now calling again for the approval because the flight is in 2 days and the replacement flight they offered is denied. I have to buy another flight for my mom and cancel part of the flight. Cathay disappointed me a few times already. Enough is enough.
  In November, an air travel bubble was supposed to open between Hong Kong and Singapore. I booked a flight for the 24th, was so excited as I have not been flying since March! Unfortunately, just a day before its opening, due to the worsening 4th wave in Hong Kong, they had to postpone the travel bubble until further notice next year. CX acted in a very timely and professional manner, stating clearly all the options, such as flight credits or full refund. I rang their number, and a friendly attendant answered my call in no time. I was told a refund will be processed in a few weeks time. I look forward to flying with them again in the near future.
 Abysmal service from Cathay Pacific all around. Flight was changed, and cancelled four times, due to 'operational reasons'. I'm a patient person, I am also a pilot. I asked for a definition of 'operational reasons' and I was given nothing at all. I have a limited amount of time to get to the Philippines to see my daughter for her birthday, for the fifth rebook, CX could only offer me a date nearly 2 weeks after her birthday. Not good enough! More than most people, I know what this COVID situation is doing to the airline industry, but in this instance, I don't think they should take your money before your flight is absolutely confirmed. To add insult to injury, I had already booked a previous flight with Cathay, but through a dodgy travel agent, who told me that no changes were possible, even though I paid for a flexible ticket! So I have outlaid money twice to CX for nothing in return. Last time I contacted them, I was advised that my credit card would be refunded 'after seven working days'. It's been twelve days now, and today their staff are telling me 'up to five weeks'? They took the money off of me in seconds! To other possible customers out there, don't accept any excuses about COVID-19. Because if anything, less people are flying because of the virus, so they should be able to expedite your refund faster. Poor show Cathay; you have lost me as a customer.
  While there was a direct SYD-SFO option with UA, their price for business class was excessive and my track record with UA in flight service isn't great. So I opted for the indirect SYD-HKG-SFO routing at a much more palatable price that also helped with my oneworld status. The check-in staff in SYD were great and then immigration and security were empty and I was through to airside in no time. Of course, with essentially everything closed at SYD including all the lounges, there was nothing much to do. Boarding was swift and we were on our way to HKG in no time. Security at HKG was also empty however fortunately CX's Wing lounge was open. After the mandatory additional security checks at the gate, boarding for the SFO sector was also swift. I can only say that the Cathay crew on both sectors were outstanding, much like the days of yore when Cathay was one of the world's greatest airlines. Courteous, caring and personable, they seemed to want to go the extra mile to ensure everyone was as comfortable as possible. If this review were just about the inflight crew then they'd get top marks however what drags down the experience is the continued deterioration of the CX business class food and wine offering. Most of what I consumed was average at best although the most surprising thing was that a salad that was listed both as a supper option and then again as an "anytime" option, only had one serving loaded for maybe 15 business class passengers. The crew were mortified but could do nothing. I realise things are tough for CX at the moment but why tantalise premium passengers with an extensive menu if you can't deliver on it? Offer me less but make sure there's enough of everything to go beyond just one passenger and I'll be happy.
 Full marks and much appreciation for a prompt and full refund of our unused flights due to Covid 19 from Paris to Hong Kong and Hong Kong to Sydney. We had a refund in our account just 12 days after we applied which was truly exceptional. So disappointed in our own airline Qantas from whom we are still waiting for a refund on a cancelled flight since first applying in March six months ago! We will definitely use Cathay Pacific in the future because of this experience and you certainly have won our admiration as customers. Thank You.
 Of 4 airlines that I booked for my wife and myself to LAX from MNL, Cathay Pacific was the only not to cancel our outbound flight. Little did I know what nightmares were coming. We were scheduled to return on different dates. First, CX canceled the HKG-MNL leg of my wife's flight and didn't offer any alternatives. They were content to strand her in HKG. When I called, they offered the same itinerary that my wife already had on a different date. But they wanted an upcharge of over $1,000. They finally booked on an itinerary with a 12 hour transit in HKG. No apologies, no compensation, nothing. My wife had to accept as she had to be in MNL for a work deadline. Days after, I received an email that my return flight was changed. Upon closer examination, I realized that CX stuck me with a 24.5 hour layover in HKG. Their attitude was that I accepted the change. I did not. They made the change, not me. I found out that under HK law, I'm not even allowed to have a transit that long! Not sure what CX was planning to do with me after I was denied transit in HKG. When I called, I was offered my previous itinerary on a different date but with a $2200 upcharge. I ended up having to cancel my return flight and book with a different airline. The refund, which I have not received is only 10% of my original fare after penalties. CX used to be a great airline. I will never choose it again. I've never been the victim of an airline extortion attempt before.
  In March Cathay informed me that my booked flight from Ho Chi Minh City to Amsterdam couldn't take place because of the situation around COVID-19. I had to find an alternative flight back home. After 5 failed attempts, I finally found flights back to my home country. However, the extra costs I had to make were about € 3.500: the price of tickets was sky high and I had to stay a few days longer in HCM. Back home I asked my travel insurance for compensation. They told me you will have to claim the extra costs at Cathay Pacific. They could make the decision to fly via other hubs but usually that costs them a lot of money so they cancel the flight. So I claimed the extra costs. They didn't accept my claim. They told me: we informed you sufficient time before your flight, so you had all the time to find new tickets. I am really dissapointed about that reaction. Informing me in time has nothing to do with the fact that they are responsible to fly me back home. I decided never to fly anymore with this company.
  The review is to do with Cathay's customer service (CS) attitude and its business ethic during the COVID crisis. They lied and refused to help those who are in vulnerable situations. 12 Jul, I booked for 9 Aug flights 14 Jul, Australia drops incoming travellers quota further. Every week I would check with Cathay if I could still get to fly - its CS told me I was fine. I have also indicated that I'm on my 3rd trimester. I would be 33-week pregnant by the time I fly. Shockingly, Cathay only emailed me 3 days before the flight date with lies that flight got cancelled. Never got a phone call. Never got offered replacement seats. I knew the flight cancellation was a lie because my mum was still got her seat on the same flight. We book our flight together but because my mum was on a business seat, Cathay split her booking ID from mine. My mother is disabled and I'm her sole carer in Australia so this outcome was the worst. Because I would be stuck alone in Thailand giving birth without close family and Mum would also be struck alone in Sydney's quarantine and she could barely speak English. From Friday 7 to Sunday 9 of August, I chatted to Cathay's CS and called them over 5 times. They all said sorry but it was up to the "Revenue team" to review my case. I was surprised that the authority of this matter is in the hand of the revenue team which probably doesn't work on the weekend. After the first request, all I got is one cold rejected email on Sat morning. The CS said the earliest next flight for me is 2 September, way pass my 36-week of pregnancy (you aren't allowed to fly after). This is either a lie or an act of negligent. From social media, I found out later that other Cathay passengers who got bumped off their flights after my case got offered flights much earlier than this, even as early as 11 August. I relentlessly politely appealed to the CS and begged for their help and offers them many options they can do for us - 1) Reinstate my seat; 2) Allow me to take my mum place to fly (she can be cared for in Thailand while waiting for her next flight) and; 3) Refund both of our flights so we have our fund to try to fly elsewhere. Cathay reps politely but mechanically rejected all options I asked for. They said the option 3) will cost me a penalty fee because it would be my fault to cancel to my mum's flight. I sympathise all airline businesses in this trying time. However, Cathay has proven to stoop so low to even cutback its humanity. Sure the service onboard is great. It's airport staff in Thailand also super intelligent and helpful (Deepest gratitude to Ms Phattar... who saved us at the last minute before the flight were due) but I won't recommend Cathay to anyone if you have a choice.
  Hong Kong to Vancouver. I am a million - miler business traveler and have flown practically all major airlines. One airline I had not flown with was Cathay Pacific. I decided to try them primarily because of schedule restrictions and demands. My checking in process was slow but it went OK. The problems began when I got situated in my seat. First I discover that my entertainment system didn't work. I called the flight attendant for assistance, but she acted as if I was bothering her and treated me as a complete nuisance that was imposing on her iphone chatting. The wonderful experience continued with an announcement from the captain who sounded half-asleep and completely disinterested in talking to the passengers and it continued with half-hearted cabin service, terrible food, cheap wine and crackling sound from the semi-operating entertainment system. I'll spare you the details of this great experience by advising you to fly a hot air balloon before you think about spending your hard earned money on this parody of airline.
 I was booking the ticket from Kansas City to Dallas, Dallas to San Fransisco, San Frasisco to Hong Kong and from Hong Kong to Da Nang (24/3/2020). The airline did not say anything about only Hong Kong residents can fly. When I got to San Fransisco they email me the ticket is canceled. Why didn't you tell me for the first time? Then the airline said I can get a full refund intermediately, but now it is nearly 24h after that. Also, the airline didn't rebook for me for another flight or at least buy the ticket for me to get back in Kansas City and left me back overnight in the airports. Nonetheless, they keep my luggage and I did not receive my luggage yet. Now I'm like a homeless in San Fransisco airport.
  Vancouver to Hong Kong. First class old type, open spaces and 8 seats in the cabin. There is a lot of space, good mattresses. The choice and quality of food is average, the drinks are excellent! The service is good. Great pajamas
  Hong Kong to Vancouver. First class old type of seat, open spaces. 8 seats in the cabin. There is a lot of space, good mattresses. The choice and quality of food is average, the drinks are excellent! The service is good. Great pajamas.
 Melbourne to Ho Chi Minh City via Hong Kong. One of the best airlines I have flown with. Bit pricey but you get what you pay for. Cathay Pacific has really great customer service. Seats very comfortable and I slept like a baby. Leg room very sufficient and a great food menu on-board. Up there with Singapore Airlines to be honest. Would highly recommend.
  
Bangkok to Los Angeles via Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific cancelled my flight twice just because it tried to fill up more flights due to the lack of customers from coronavirus. Refused to offer any changes without fees. Food garbage, customer service non existent, prices not cheap.
  Sapporo to Perth via Hong Kong. Extremely disappointed with Cathay, we have been loyal users of Cathay until now. Due to the grounding of multiple planes and staff on unpaid leave - we have had our return flight cancelled and changed to a day later. They have not provided accommodation for us For the extra night We now have to stay in Japan nor have they provided any considerations for the inconvenience. They were aware we have a one year old with us and airport rooms do not provide enough room in Japan for his cot. They have taken weeks to get back to us so this is now last minute. SO inconvenient and inconsiderate given the change of the flight is due to a change in the airlines plans. Unlikely to fly with CX again.
  Beijing to HK on Cathay Dragon, no hot food, only cold water, little if no service. I fully understood and appreciated considering the breakout of Coronavirus. Hong Kong to London, 1 out of 3 toilets in Economy is marked as "out of order". This turns out to be Crew Only toilet, making long queue all through the flight, as 2 toilets covering nearly 200 passengers. The service is extremely poor, I asked Gin and Tonic 3 times, always been told they will come back, never. The passenger next to me does not understand English but only Mandarin; when crew distributed foods, she pretended only spoke English. After 10 secs of silence, the passenger said "Ji" (Chicken in Mandarin), the crew immediately pass the chicken dish to him with a rolling eye.My son (2 years old) experienced running nose the night before and the morning (flight is in afternoon). I called them saying although he is not fever, I do not want him to fly to risk the whole passengers. While other airlines offers free change or cancellation in China, I have been told there is nothing they can do. The last part of the service has seen after I made a complaint to the service, Cathay response back to say their toilet is only out of order for 1 hour then open (a completely lie as it is crew only for the whole 13 hours).
  Mumbai to Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific used to be my favorite airline, but it is now pathetically poor. Cabin service, especially in Business class used to be something to look forward to, but words such as bad, uncaring, aloof, absent come to mind - also, considering the current Coronavirus pandemic, my tray table and armrest were notably dirty and not cleaned properly. I was unimpressed that there was no soap in the soap dispenser in one of the Business class bathrooms. Shame. Cathay has lost its way and is now just a poor alternative.
  Ho Chi Minh to San Francisco via Hong Kong.  The food on the flight was bland and cold. Im on a family vacation since January 28 but my returning flight leaves on March 4 and I wish to leave earlier. To change it to February 23, it would cost me over $200. I wish the airline had some sympathy that people want to leave early because of a virus. I've called my booking agent, the airline customer service line and did everything I could to change my flight departure date but all was answered with a "the service change will be $200".  I wish the airline overall would change such policy.
  London to Perth via Hong Kong. To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. Firstly, I must say flight London to Hong Kong enjoyable but the rest 0/10. Ran out of meals to Perth (not being snobbish but a lot of money paid for premium economy so not expecting that). Then as the holiday nears it end I get a text from Cathay Pacific saying my flight had been cancelled. No explanation just cancelled that's that. Then half an hour later Cathay Pacific has booked me on another flight but 16 hours later so not only a long wait in the airport but I have to cancel a connecting flight from London to Edinburgh and pay for another. Poor show - never again
 Sydney to Tokyo via Hong Kong. Terrible customer service. Changed my flight to an unacceptable flight with many hours of stopover requiring me to pay for accomodation and miss 2 days of my trip. Refused to offer any help in organising a more appropriate flight.
  Bali to Hong Kong. I am so disgusted. My flight was changed without any notification leaving my stranded in Bali. No explanation has been given and now I must stay here and extra day. The service is uncontactable unless you’re in a Marco Polo club. No phone numbers are given. Now I am stranded for 2 days.
  Perth to Osaka via Hong Kong. Due to Corona Virus many airlines are cancelling flights to Hong Kong and waiving cancellation and rebooking fees. Cathay Pacific however will not waive the cancellation fee. They are essentially forcing me to fly through Hong Kong on my way to and from Japan, risking my health and putting me in a position where i might not be let back into Australia. If i choose to cancel i have to pay $500 in cancellation fees - its an absolute joke. Cathay Pacific is a Hong Kong based company and this is where most of their business is. They are risking peoples health and livelihood by not waiving these cancellation fees (who can afford to just waste $500 for nothing?) I phoned several different representatives to explain my situation, they are all drones who repeat the same thing, and when i eventually got put through to a manager i was on hold for an hour before they disconnected the call. They are waiving the rebooking fees however, which almost makes it worse. They are admitting there is a problem but then not allowing people to cancel their flights. I cannot rebook my flight as there are No available flights which get me to where i need to go without travelling through Hong Kong.. Whoever has made this decision is thinking about their business Only and not the safety and well being of their customers. 
 Hong Kong to Sapporo. As a long time Cathay flyer and Marco Polo club member (14 years), I’m afraid to say it’s gone downhill. It used to be premium service. Now it’s just as expensive, but with old planes and staff that are polite but there’s no caring or warmth anymore.
  London to Tokyo via Hong Kong. We booked our holiday with separate flights 16 days ago for 7 months time. Unfortunately due to the coronavirus our cruise around Japan and China was cancelled by our cruise company. Eventually after persisting for just under an hour we got through to a very unhelpful representative who told us that it was company policy to charge £300 each to cancel our booking. We tried to explain that the cancellation was not in our control but all they could say was company policy. 
  Vancouver to Clark via Hong Kong. I bought a round trip ticket from a reliable ticketing Agent. But I phoned Cathay Pacific directly and confirm many times to make sure that our flights is no changes and no any inconvenience situation. From Vancouver to Hong Kong flights is ok. But arriving to Hong Kong My husband and me was very disappointed by changing our boarding passes Hong Kong to Manila. I asked why but they cannot give me the specific answer. They just assured me that someone will assist us when we arrived in Manila. So I asked one or two or three staff how they will transport us to Clark Int’l Airport and they said by bus. My husband and me were shocked thinking that they will transport us by air not by land because thats what our air tickets is and didn’t bought land transportation. What a ridiculous experience, we even waited for so long for the bus provided plus for our relatives who picked us up in the Airport at Mabalacat was so worried to us expecting that we are arriving early in the morning but it turned out in a very late afternoon. I don’t think I will be recommending this airline to my family, friends and colleagues.
 Los Angeles to Bangkok via Hong Kong. Travel is a gift. Every touch point should evoke a different sense of excitement and thrill. Air flights are the beginnings of many touch points, and options for comfort exist. International business class is not all equal. Here's my optic of Cathay Pacific Business Class LAX-HKG-BKK and the return BKK-HKG-LAX. How excited we were to by chance be able to save our vacation travel from headaches and fly Cathay Pacific. Originally, we were set to fly PAL Business Class thru Manila to BKK; however, the Taal Volcano threw us a curve ball four days before our journey was to begin. In desperately search for an alternative carrier that would align with existing connections in BKK as well as return accommodation in BKK, Cathay Pacific held the flights. Without hesitation we booked. Now, we are not novices to International Business Class travel. EVA is our most preferred carrier, but its flight schedule did not align with our awaiting connection in BKK. We had always said that we should fly Cathay Pacific to see how it compared. It was only just nine months earlier we flew PAL for the first time and were pleasantly surprised. With that being said, we were under impression that Cathay Pacific held one up on EVA. So, perhaps Cathay Pacific would be our new go to first before EVA. Let us begin. Flight CX881 15 Jan 20 LAX-HKG departed on time. That's always a good thing. The business seat though lacks lumbar support (see photo). The amenity kit was marginally stocked with a toothbrush kit, 15ml mouthwash, Bamford hand cream plus lip balm as well as hydrating face spray, sleep mask, and earplugs. Other marginal amenities were a pair of small disposal slippers that are not quite sized to accommodate a wide foot market and a comforter. No pajamas here folks on this long haul as EVA, but to be fair PAL lacks PJs as well. Good thing though I brought a heavy cotton sweater as the cabin is kept cold, like cold cold. You learn these little things as you travel. Not all carriers maintain comfortable air. Movie selection at first appears to be vast, but upon further review, Maleficent was the only recent movie. I'm not on top of trending movies, so I named Maleficent due to TV commercial exposure. The rest are older releases with some that are ancient. Ah, not something expected. Please take time to learn what customers are seeing at the movies. A note about the interactive monitor, it is sluggish to the point of freezing up at times while scrolling. What type of dated software operating system is being used? Just saying. The dinner options were typical. Local food with some Western. When the flight attendant came to take my dinner order, she asked if I would like the burger. She then asked if I would like the seared chicken breast. That received a no. She actually looks stunned and finally asked what I would like. I ordered fish ball tung choy choy soup. For beverages, I ordered French Burgundy and water. BTW, no flight attendant comes around asking if you would like more wine.  Dessert taken was cheese along with fruit, and I asked for a cordial Cointreau. Another look of like OMG I have to work. With the flight leaving almost at midnight, there was no pre cordial anything which was not expected either. So many touch points missed. Remember this is International Business Class, not American/United/Delta domestic make believe first. A tablecloth is laid, but do not get excited.
  I was supposed to fly from Edmonton to Manila with a layover in Hong Kong. Due to the Coronavirus outbreak all passengers coming from Hong Kong to the Philippines are subject to a mandatory 14 day quarantine (the entire duration of my trip). They have a $200 dollar cancellation fee that I felt should have been waived due to circumstances, but they would not adjust this policy. Now I am also forced to wait from 1 to 8 weeks for my credit card to be refunded. Do not expect any help from this airline in case of an emergency, customer service and customer care are ignored in place of policy and procedure.
  London to Cebu via Hong Kong. Very slow response, they don't care about the passenger's welfare. They never bother to rebook the cancelled flight because of the corona virus outbreak. They are policy oriented people. They cannot help you at the moment you need them as Cathay Pacific is also a terrible company.  No hotel or any accommodation being provided. I was stuck in the Airport in Cebu for the whole night as there was no help at all. I requested for them to rebook my flight but they refused. I even asked Cathay Pacific to help me but they refused as well. The communication and their customer service is a struggle. It's very hard to contact them with regards to my cancelled flight. No advice or any notification from them.  I am really annoyed with the way they handled the situation. They are just after for the money as they told me to book for another flight and it's very expensive as they cannot rebook me. Terrible company. If I can only rate this company to 0 I would do so. 
 Taipei to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. The check-in experience was good. Although the terminal space of Taipei airport is very limited, there were many counters for this airline so there was no long queue for check-in. The departure gate was close to the immigration/security check point so no long walk at air side. However, the ground staff at Hong Kong airport were not as friendly as those at departure.
  The Hong Kong - Tapei is Cathay's busiest route and no surprise that the in-cabin service is nice. However, the ground crew at gate and transfer desk are not that passionate and proactive on helping passengers (perhaps it's a morning flight?). The aircraft is a brand new A350.
  Bangkok to Seoul via Hong Kong. Both flights on time with orderly boarding. Both flights on the rather uncomfortable regional business class seats. Flight from Hong Kong to Seoul was downgraded on the last minute from herringbone Style lie flat seat to the regional seat. Service as always top notch, lounges in Hong Kong great. The only let down was the downgrading of seat.
  I bought a roundtrip ticket 8 days before departure then a day after that I got an email that my flight from my stop, Hong Kong, to Manila will be delayed. Instead of arriving the same night at 1035PM, I will arrive the next day at 0350. I called the customer service and they gave me an excuse about Volcano ashes issue. If that was the case, why my sister's flight with different carrier is not delayed. We tried to synchronize our arrival time so we could get picked up at the same time. After the plane landed in Hong Kong, I went to The Bridge Lounge for Cathay Pacific and I was told that the delay for the flight CX913 has been happening for weeks now. How come their website is not giving off warning or being updated of the actual flight schedule instead of surprising passengers after buying the tickets. This is ridiculous. They wouldn't even give me a free access to their lounge for the inconvenience. I wouldn't trust or fly Cathay Pacific again. The flight experience was alright and so were the food but if you hate delays, lies and narrow seats, then this airline isn't for you.
 Singapore to Bangkok with Cathay Pacific. The usual high standard at the CX lounge in Terminal 4. Boarding well organized, flight on time and uneventful on this gorgeous new A359. Food decent for this short 2h flight. I received special attention by the lovely purest as a One World Emerald member, something which never happened while flying Y class on BA. Overall a flawless and comfy flight.
  My how things have changed. We flew Cathay 5 years ago when our son went to school in Hong Kong. Cathay rivaled the best airlines. Just completed a flight. Flight attendants still wonderful. Facilities very good as always - very nicely designed business class seats. Food - way worse - did not even serve a dinner on our flight, just a lunch and breakfast, and it really was nothing special. No more pajamas either, on a 15 hour flight. Amenity kit also got a downgrade. Cathay is now in the middle of the pack as far as I'm concerned. No longer a top airline. I would imagine the slowdown in Hong Kong has really hurt them and they decided to cheapen the product. Too bad.
 My family has been flying Cathay for a long time on trans continental and other long haul flights. Having flown ANA, JAL and other Asian airlines, we decided to give Cathay's business class product a try as we had heard good things about them. Our first impression from the onset was lack of hospitality from the check in counters which gradually got worse as we boarded. The onboard FA's never welcomed us properly, didn't ask for our coats to be hung. The Flight manager came once introducing herself and we never saw her again. The crew were just pacing up and down the aisle and never once smiled. They continued with one of the worst meal offerings. The meals on a set menu weren't dine anytime options, they were pre packaged and felt the same offerings were being presented to economy class passengers. The bread tasted like it was transported from 4 flights before. It wasn't surprising to see how much Cathay had declined in the reviews. Currently, they sit at the bottom among 10 best airlines in some websites and much lower in others. It's sad to see that a premier airlines can't get the basics right. Perhaps, the can take a leaf from ANA and Singapore airlines hospitality. We flew Singapore economy on short haul flights and their service was next to superb with so much attention to details in economy! The positives at Cathay were their beds and on board IFE. The beds were very comfy with the duvets and offered good privacy. However, the cabin cleanliness wasn't great. The 777 aircraft was tired looking. The Pier lounge at HKG was great at first impression especially their tea and bar offerings. However, the lounge fell completely flat in food options. ANA and JAL lounges in Japan are absolutely amazing compared to Cathay's. I still believe in the airlines but I won't be flying unless I have experienced from other travellers that they have indeed improved their lacklustre service and food offerings.
  I was excited to fly Cathay Pacific long haul to Australia as I had, in the past heard good things. The flight was miserable. Seats are so narrow and no pitch but worst of all minimal attention from flight crew. On 16 hour flights typically attendants serve water or offer drinks on regular basis. Other than the meal service no beverages were offered. There are no air ducts above each seat so you are unable to adjust for comfort. The Vancouver to Hong Kong leg was almost unbearable. The Hong Kong to Perth leg was so so hot and nothing can be done about it. On return I booked bulkhead seats at extra cost but arrived to find that seats were at least 2 inches narrower. Husband could not fit into window seat at all so 6'3" guys rammed into centre seat with gameboy smashed into his hip for 11 hours. Never again.
  Hong Kong to Cape Town. Never experienced such unprofessional and rude service. About 3 hours before arrival in Cape Town breakfast was served. Hostess asked my husband if he wants Conpoy Congee with beef stroganoff or omelette, he replied omelet please. She gave him the Congee. When opened he saw it's not the omelet. She was then just serving the row behind us. He informed her he got the wrong one and asked to switch for the omelette. She grabbed the container out of his hand literally threw the omelette infront of him. My husband and I were both shocked. I wanted to do something about it but my husband asked me to leave it for now. We were both very tired after almost 15 hour flight. They do not have name tags so I did not get her name. 
 Brisbane to London Heathrow via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific Airways. Considering the premium seats cost almost 4 times the economy seats, I was really disappointed with the overall experience. Meal was exactly the same as what you receive in economy, as is the amenity kit. When compared to PE in Qantas or BA, this lacks a lot (you get meals and drink service more in line with business class on those carriers). The only advantage if you are a OneWorld Emerald or Sapphire is getting access to the Pier Lounge at Hong Kong Airport, otherwise if you don't have status and are looking for an upgrade other than just some extra leg room then I wouldn't recommend this. WIFI also didn't work on all 4 return legs of my flight, despite there being a WIFI symbol on the walls. You would be better off spending your money on China Southern Airlines business class seat for a similar cost (and get a lie flat seat) or paying for economy on one leg & business on the other (with any airline). TIP: Also avoid the front row aisle seats in premium - I don't really have long legs (5ft6') and yet the air hostesses still knocked my feet every time they came through the door from business, waking me up at least 4 times despite my legs not sticking out on the aisle.
  Seattle to Manila via Hong Kong. Be wary flying this airline. Worst experience ever with no compensation or remedy. Lost our bags for the entirety of our stay in an entirely different country so we had nothing and there was no compensation or attempt to rectify. Only emails saying how “sorry” they were. Then on the day we were flying home they found our luggage and still, just “sorry”.
  Gatwick to Manila via Hong Kong. Flight delayed in Hong Kong as well, their compensation was a cup of Starbucks coffee.  Arrived in Manila, my luggage didnt arrive with me. I filed a report with their staff and promised to deliver my things within 2-3 days. My luggage arrived at home after 2 days. I found that the lock was broken. After several things, I checked on my luggage again to pack my things back to Madrid. Found out that one of the wheels was detached. I didnt see this when they delivered to me. Due to the fact that they broke it and attached it again to its place so it wont be obvious that it was detached already. I made a written report to them but refused to give me any compensation. Their assistance is very unhelpful and unfriendly. Never fly with them again.
  We travelled in year end from Seoul to Kolkata via Hong Kong. Firstly we were disappointed with their cabin baggage system. No baggage place for the passengers above their seat. People are are just dumping there luggage anywhere in the cabin above. Secondly the food quality was not up to the standards. Pre book meals was salty. Crew service was not at ball satisfying. Every time we travel the connecting flight from HKG is running late. Next time we will select for alternative airline.
 Travelling from Vancouver to Bengaluru via Hong Kong. Flight got delayed at Vancouver. Missed the connecting flight to Bengaluru. But as soon as I landed there was immediate assistance and was provided with ticket in the next flight and also a stay at the airport till I take the next flight. Also, food vouchers were provided. Thanks to the Cathay Pacific and Cathay Dragon for immediate assistance and arrangements at the airport. Or else would have been stranded for 24 hours after a tiring journey. I recommend this airline.
  Paris to Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific is considered as very top classic airline. But unfortunately, the cabin is gray, the staff was not authentically friendly but just doing their job. Food does not look nice. The staff did not come to greet me and they forgot the tray in my place for a long time. My red wine glass was filled with port.
  Los Angeles to Hong Kong. The seat and new bedding were very good. The meal service was rushed and below average. The breakfast was just not good. After the first meal service no drinks were offered and the flight crew disappeared. The next time you saw the crew was at the breakfast service. I think next time I will choose a different carrier. 
  Hong Kong to Mumbai. One of the worst Premium Economy Service. I flew on board CX685 on 24th Dec, my seat was 30D. Premium Economy is a joke. The seats are almost the same as size as economy, tables get stuck while folding. No welcome drink for Premium Economy passengers, no hot towel.  No separate meal selection, same economy trays and same food. Separate Premium boarding gate is only by name with anybody walking in.  Communication of crew poor. I would strongly suggest fliers not to waste money on Cathay Pacific Premium Economy. 
  Brisbane to Colombo via Hong Kong. In flight service ok but I booked a return ticket with short transit. They suddenly changed or advanced return day so that I am going to miss the most important part of the trip. When I requested a day later they said that day sold out - on their website still tickets for sale. They do not consider customers requirements.  Think twice if you fly with Cathay Pacific.
  I booked a flight on their website and cancelled within 20mins (as per their policy of a full refund if cancelled within 24 hours of booking) because I realised it was only valid for 6 months. However, the airline has been finding every excuse they can to not refund me the full ticket. They have charged me a penalty of $550 even though it is their policy to provide a full refund. This is their latest response:  "Thank you for your patience while waiting for our reply. We were investigating this matter with our online booking team and were awaiting their response. They have checked your son’s flight reservation, under airline booking reference xxxx and ticket number xxxx and have advised that your booking was made on the Australia website. So unfortunately, the cancellation fees do apply and we are unable to refund them. We know this was not the answer you were hoping to hear, but we are sorry. Thank you for contacting us." 
  Jakarta to Hong Kong. I flew on CX 776 on 15 Dec. It was my son's birthday. He got a little surprise from some cabin crew who sing a happy birthday song for him. What a memorable moment.
  Brisbane to Delhi via Hong Kong. Service was attentive and very polite, staff greeting you by name. Meal service was wonderful, staff taking your orders on a tablet before bringing food to your seat without a trolley. I never thought a hamburger on a plane could be so good but they managed to do it very well, the only downside was the chips which were below average. Drinks were nice, and the champagne upon boarding is a lovely touch. The flatbed seat was really comfortable and I managed to sleep quite well. The lounges at Hong Kong were incredible, and I made a point of visiting several. Highlights include the tea room where you can have your choice of tea brewed in a very spacious and tranquil room. The shower rooms were spacious. Service at the bar was great. The only disappointing thing at the lounge was the noodle bar which really didn't do much for me despite yum cha and noodle soup you can expect all over Hong Kong. They even have a meditation corner which was a nice way to relax. The egg tarts were okay, but nothing to write home about. Can't really comment on value for money as this was a points redemption, however, I generally find the cost difference between economy and business is much better spent on the ground at your destination. My only complaint was that my bag was mishandled and delayed as a result. It was handled so poorly that both the check-in bag tag, and a personal tag on mine were missing from the bag. They found it reasonably quickly and I had it a couple of days later, but my follow up emails about the missing tag went unanswered for weeks despite repeated attempts by me to contact them. 
  Sydney to Incheon via Hong Kong. I went on holiday and on my way and return, my flight got delayed and hence missed both connecting flight. The worst thing was that my dad was travelling with me as his brother - my uncle - was in critical condition. And we missed his passing just because of the delay. And no one was empathetic at all! The staff was so rude that it made grieving so much worse.
  The flight from Hong Kong to Barcelona on 9th December 2019 was a nightmare. After a 11 hours flight from Auckland to Hong Kong I find my next flight to Barcelona is delayed for 3 hours. The company didn´t provide any explanation regarding this issue. Once we are all passengers in the queue after 3 hours the crew informs us that the flight will departure at 4:30 am (one and a half hours more for us to wait!) Again, no explanation. They didn´t offer any refreshments or any free meal, there was such a lack of communication from their side! Finally, we got in the plane by 5 am, after almost 1 hour waiting inside the aircraft the pilot informs that, due to technical issues, the engineers are not able to fix the problem and we have to get off the plane. They re-scheduled the flight and the departure was to take part at 11 am - almost 12 hours delay. they new about these technical issues from the beginning, however, they decided to keep us waiting all night without proper rest, pending on news that we never got. I´m asking Cathay Pacific for compensation due to such a huge delay and their answer is very unrespectful since they say the reason for the delay was that the incoming flight was late. 
  Melbourne to Zurich via Hong Kong, returning to Brisbane. Premium Economy on Cathay is almost always a pleasure, not just for what it provides (extra leg room, welcome drinks, hot towels, feeling of spaciousness) but for what you don't get (you tend not to get screaming babies, yobbos, tour groups, unruly kids, etc!), So, if on business, this is a very good option. Cathay fly to places one actually needs to get to, in my case, Zurich. All flights on-time or very early. All food options good. Quality service from a very attentive cabin crew on all flights. As a One World Emerald member I had access to the superb Qantas First Lounge in Melbourne and, of course, various Cathay First Class Lounge offerings in Hong Kong. Cathay also uses the Aspire First Lounge in Zurich and this is quite superb. My only gripe is the on-board IFE - I never find anything worthwhile to watch, except the live News Streaming - but that often doesn't seem to be in range. Highly recommended, especially on the new A350-900 or A350-1000 aircraft.
  Hong Kong to San Francisco, in Business class. Overall very good. Flight to San Francisco was delayed of more than one hour, but plenty of information given and arriving destination almost on time. Flight back almost one hour earlier than expected in Hong Kong. No issue with luggage. Business seats on Cathay Pacific are quite unusual, every passenger is in a sort of square box, seat inclined 45^. Strange but very functional. Lot of small storage spaces, seat becomes a flat bed, wide and long enough even for me (1.90). Very large screen, and lot of recent movies to look at. Privacy is good and each seat has independent access, you are not disturbed by other passengers. Might be a problem if you are not travelling alone as myself... almost impossible to communicate even with the person seating on your side. Food and beverages of good quality. Cabin crew is very kind and available, no problem with English. But quality of service was not top-level as expected. Some short cuts were below standard. Meal served with a plastic tray, no choice for bread, almost no refills for drinks. Worst problem, slow service. Not good, and surprising, as on the sister company, Cathay Dragon, service was really perfect.
  Hong Kong to Melbourne. Squeezed like sardines in coach. I know that coach is coach but it is rarely so bad. Service was very poor. The staff was unfriendly. They hardly proposed any water during the 9 hour flight. I have a hard time to understand why this airline has such a good rating. Disappointing!
  Hong Kong to Barcelona. We had the flight at midnight but was delayed for 3 hours then we asked to the staff but didn’t have any idea for give us an answer and we explained them that we have other different fly in Barcelona 5 hours late that we supposed we arrived, but they don’t care about it. However after they said that the fly was delayed one hour and a half more how that it’s possible they didn’t prevent this ones. They didn’t answer to the customer anything just we don’t know, then we coming into the plane at 5 am (5 hours late) and the pilot said that the inconvenience continue and we have to take the next fly at 11 am? Who is responsable about it because we miss our other flights we lost the money ? It’s very disappointed travel like this first and last time that we travel with this company.
  San Francisco to Osaka via Hong Kong. Our luggage arrived at our destination with 1 less wheel (picture attached). i could just imagine how roughly it was thrown around. Those wheels are attached tightly. The representative did nothing to compensate for the damage. That will be the last time I take this airline.
  Jakarta to Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific did not deserve to have their 5-star rating on the service they provided during my flight. Though the airplane is good, lots of heir competitors also have similar airplane serving the particular route. Flight attendants are adequate, they are helpful but not friendly. Food is terrible, the taste is very bad and the menu is very bad. Seating is comfortable and quite good, and there is no complaint to be made here. Along with in-flight entertainment, it is quite good and quite complete.
  Flew business class from Hong Kong to Los Angeles. Window seat 18D CX884. The cabin crew especially the older women undermined me and tended to others more and gave me a shabby look.  It was overall a great experience except the part where my supposedly "priority baggage" had a huge dent leaving it unsealable after opening it once but it's ok - Priority baggage does not make a difference for Cathay, it comes out even later. Some other cons are, no pajamas, no slippers, limited and bad toiletries, small bathroom, food takes long
  Hong Kong to London. Check in was a breeze at the City Centre in Hong Kong, and staff was friendly. The lounges were the highlight, with massage, private day room, and the Cabana was beautiful with its own bath and daybed. The lounge food was satisfactory. However in comparison with Lufthansa first class terminal, the food was pretty subpar. There was no private transfer of course from the lounge to the plane either. For the flight itself, there was no accompaniment to the seat, just a 'turn right' by the purser. Both flight attendants were polite, friendly, and helpful, but no going the extra mile. I was greeted by the latest upgrade of the inflight amenities that Cathay highlighted in their latest 'Let your senses guide you' campaign: The seat itself is the same with its spaciousness and is extremely comfortable.  The new Bamford kit is nice, and the new bedding is comfortable, but no more than before. The pillow is too large, but the red small cushion is soft and a pleasant addition. The welcome drink is downgraded from champagne to a small glass of comparatively cheap Jing tea! Then came the meal itself: the same caviar with champagne that was not well chilled, lobster main course sounded great on the menu but came out exceedingly bland and tasteless. No cheese was offered voluntarily by the staff. The dessert of passion fruit pie was sickeningly sweet and disgusting. After dinner, chocolate was given out but then retrieved as I slept so I had to ask again afterwards. All in all a very disappointing dinner. That is in line with my last meal with Cathay in Business, which was inedible. The flight overall was very bland, and nothing special, unlike the First in Lufthansa or Swiss, which was classy and luxurious. In summary, the latest revamped First is disappointing with cosmetic changes and suggestive of cost cutting, not worthy of a full first fare. My senses would not guide me there!
 Bangkok to Boston via Hong Kong. I would not recommend this airline, especially if you have specific meal requirements. They don’t let you select meal options when you are booking and then you can’t specify it during check-in unless it is 24 hours earlier. Staff is very rude if you even try to talk to them about it during check-in. In today’s age, it is hard to believe that after you book your ticket you have to call an airline to provide your vegetarian meal preference.
  San Francisco to Bangkok via Hong Kong. My flight was cancelled on Nov 13, 11.45 pm to Nov 14, 11.05 pm but they use the word "reschedule" to not be responsible to the passenger. They do not have hotel to support the passenger just told us go home and come back tomorrow. If you are the tourists you have to find your hotel by yourself. Actually my previous flight from Bangkok to Los Angeles via Hong Kong was horrible also, the toilet on the plane was not available since I was on-board and they don't fix it. The rest was really dirty and I have to wait for a long time to use the toilet. Such a horrible airline. Can't believe Cathay has poor standard and service like this. I am very disappointed.
  San Francisco to Beijing via Hong Kong. I have been a Marco Polo member and several flights back and forth from the USA and Asian countries every year. Today, I called in to request a refund of a ticket that I had canceled several weeks ago. When I canceled, I thought that that was enough and I didn't have to call them to "request for a refund" until I realized that the fund has not been credited back to me. After waiting for more than 30 minutes, I talked to an agent. She started the conversation with a nice greeting. Then after she realized that the travel date of the CANCELED ticket has been passed and I didn't call in for the refund request earlier, she began to tell me that I have to be charged for "no-show" and "cancelation fee" (even though my ticket was canceled within the 24-hour grace period). To be honest, I didn't even know what I was supposed to call to "request" this refund, and I explained to her my situation. She put me on hold for a little while and talked to someone. She then came back and told me that Cathay can waive the no-show fee but not the cancelation fee. I told her that I did cancel within 24-hour and Cathay is obliged to not charge me any cancelation fee. I'm not unhappy because of the charge she insisted, but actually about what she was saying next. She said "if you don't have anything else to say, then finish paying for the charge because I don't have time to stay on the line with you for this issue". Really? I waited more than half an hour for the call. I admit, there are many customers on the line, but our call was not even 5' yet and more than 90% of the time it was about her checking the system and talking to someone else. But more importantly, I have never experienced any response like this from any customer service reps, and certainly not from Cathay Pacific customer service. Then I politely asked her that I'd like to speak to her manager. She told me "ok", but then she re-directed me back into the mainline and there was the wait all over again. Honestly, this is the WORST experience I have ever had from any type of customer reps. Since the time I started flying with Cathay, the service continues to go down spirally. There were indeed flying experience with Cathay, but I do not see the same level of service across different times, even on the same routes. I have almost over 300K Asia miles and I intend to use it, but I will not travel with Cathay ever again after that.
  
Hong Kong to Toronto. In advance I paid extra for a seat with extra leg room, beside the exit door . In Bali (my previous destination) I broke my foot right before the flight to Hong Kong, not knowing it was broken I boarded the flight of 5 hours in excruciating pain. Once I landed I realized it was broken - Immediately called my doctor back home and asked what I needed to do. I didn't have travel insurance so I could not afford to go to a hospital. He instructed that I elevate my leg and ice it on the plane. When I arrived at the boarding gate in a wheelchair the flight attendant said nothing to me about changing my seat from the exit row, not until we were boarding on the ramp did I realize my seat was moved. At the door of the plane I asked why this was. They told me because I couldn't help in the case of an emergency. They put me in a middle seat behind this exit aisle. When I requested a change of seat they said there was nothing left but Economy Plus - something I would need to pay for if I wanted extra room.  I had no choice but to upgrade my seat to ensure my leg was elevated (can you imagine a 15 hour flight with no pain medication and the cabin pressure causing extreme discomfort... well don't worry this airline can't imagine it either). They charged me $2,600 Canadian dollars to is in a seat that had leg room. I hope someone from this airline looks into this because I am very dissatisfied with your customer service.
 Hong Kong to Jakarta. If you wish to fly with your family or friends but don’t want to sit next to them during the flight, then book Cathay. They never put you in the seat next to the people who book the tickets together with you unless you want to pay more in advance (happened to me more than once). You will also get cold and useless service from the moment you check in and during your flight, until you land at your destination. Plus, the food also tastes bad. I hope I will never have to fly with Cathay Pacific ever again.
  London to Manila via Hong Kong. We booked our flights via this airline because it was the best value and good flight times. All four flights were excellent. Staff at all stages were friendly and helpful, the food was pretty good, plenty of leg room, and huge amount of choice of inflight entertainment. Not at any stage of our travels did we find an issue or find anything didn’t meet our expectations. Great value flights, would definitely use again and recommend to others, don’t be put off by the bad reviews. Cheap and cheerful.
  Adelaide to London via Hong Kong. My wife and I travel regulary with Cathay Pacific and have always been very pleased with all aspects of their service. We have tried other airlines but have always returned to cathay pacific. This August on our return trip we opted for a longer stop over in transit (12 hours) so we could take a visit to Hong Kong centre and have lunch etc. On our return to the airport we found the departure gates all closed as there were demonstrators all over the airport blocking departure gates. All the flights were showing cancelled on the information boards, so we just sat in a corner and waited for any news. Some of the demonstrators walked round giving people water and food, and apologised for the inconvenience being caused, they were not hostile at all. After several hours and no news that the flight would be going we decided to get the train back to the city and book in a hotel, as we was just about to go out the building my wife and was approached by two young ladies in Cathay pacific uniform and asked us if we were with CP, when we told them yes one of the ladies along with a young man without uniform chaperoned us to "area A" of the airport where there was another small departure gate. They spoke to some security people and we was slipped through the gate unbeknowing to demonstrators, on the plane only lost half hour. Were flying again this December with no qualms. 
  
Beijing to Sydney via Hong Kong. Late aircraft, uncertain which gate to go to. Staff were useless at best, not willing to do anything to help the lateness or provide any extras on board despite them causing me massive inconvenience. Terrible airline and lacks total empathy and customer service.
  Sydney to London via Hong Kong. We found the check in staff and cabin crew nowhere near as friendly as other airlines we flew in Business Class. Business Class meals are very poor quality and selection, they seem to cater for more Asian people in the meals, so in future we will use other airlines. Even their inflight entertainment selection is inferior to others, only good thing is the aircraft comfort. I will add a photo of the meal choices for the London to Hong Kong section. We flew from Sydney to London return and all the Business Class meals were below standard, many times only on plastic trays compared to other airlines who serve from a trolley. We won’t fly with Cathay again, other airlines for Business Class are far superior.
  Chennai to Seoul via Hong Kong. Had seen several videos on Cathay's premium economy and decided to indulge and get premium economy for my wife and myself, last month. However, it was the biggest disappointment. It was not worth paying double of economy class. There was no Champagne welcome in fact no welcome drink. After take off we were offered water and 3 hours into the flight we were offered breakfast which was in the same plastic trays as economy. Not to forget but there was no welcome kit. What is the difference between economy and Premium. A few extra inches of leg space! Of course there is no option to use the lounge at the airport while in transit. Wondering how could frequent flyers like us get so badly misled. Not worth the expense and would highly recommend economy class for travel and splurge more at the destination.
 Hong Kong to New York JFK. The economy cabin had rows of seats 3 x 4 x 3. It felt cramped. Service was satisfactory. A large library of films was available for viewing - decent headsets were in the seat pocket. On the seat, itself were a blanket and pillow and the seat reclined sufficiently. A menu card was distributed. Lunch and dinner were served and in between in the galley area, a wide selection of snacks, non-alcoholic beverages, eyeshades and socks were laid out. Bathrooms remained clean during this long flight. Flight attendants were efficient. Duty-free products were hawked but there was really nothing to buy from the catalogue on a flight to the US! Departure and arrival were on time. At the boarding gate, passengers were subject to additional security screening. The biggest drawback to the economy seats is obviously the tightness of space, including storage space around you (overhead bins are spacious on the 777-300) and the total lack of privacy. Just turning on the overhead lamp to read a book lights up the entire row. Overall, however, Cathay Pacific does well to ensure that economy class passengers have decent travel experience. We arrived in Terminal 8. Disembarkation was quick.
  I was flying with my family of 4 with 2 young kids from London to Nagoya via Hong Kong on CX0256 on 20th October. One of the stewardesses was especially rude to my wife, a Japanese national during dinner service. As my wife was on headphones and also attending to my 3 year old daughter, she might have not heard the stewardess asking her for her choice of meal. She then shouted ‘Dinner!, What do you want?’, needless to say my wife was taken aback. My wife also noticed that she asked a another lady sitting just across from her in a polite manner and wondered about this difference in treatment. A few hours later, my wife requested for a blanket for my daughter and herself through the call button and she then came back with the blankets and placed them right in front my wife’s face, shouting ‘Blanket!’. By this time I was rather agitated at her behavior and pressed the call button as well. The same lady came by my aisle which I found strange as it was not her service aisle, I requested to see her supervisor. Instead of her supervisor, she sent her colleague instead which I recognized from the same uniform. I eventually met with her flight supervisor and inflight supervisor for the flight. I was also informed by the inflight supervisor that I could also make a formal complaint. After the flight, I made a formal complaint via their online portal. A customer service executive attended to this case. Cathay Pacific offered an apology and did not try to pay any other offers of compensation through miles or vouchers on this incident. 
 Flight from Amsterdam to Hong Kong in Premium Economy. It was the first time that I was flying CX Premium Economy, and I was impressed. The seats were very comfortable - they had generous legroom (it seems that the pitch was more generous than on most other airlines offering Premium Economy) and a leg rest that is also useful if you are more than 6 ft. tall. The meal service on CX is different than in Economy, and I enjoyed the meal that I had. The service was attentive without being persistent. It was one of the best (if not the best) Premium Economy products that I have experienced so far.
 Flight from Hong Kong to Amsterdam on Cathay Pacific in Business Class. Cathay has reverse herringbone seats in a 1-2-1 configuration. I found the seat to be very comfortable for sleeping. In particular, I had plenty of space for my feet and legs. Furthermore, there was adequate storage available. The service was very attentive, and the quality of the food was decent, however, it could have been slightly more in terms of quantity. Nevertheless, if the price is right, I would happily choose Cathay Pacific again.
  Dublin to Hong Kong. Disappointed. I flew good few times with Singapore Airlines and wrongly assumed that all Asian airlines are of the highest comfort. The crew is nice, but just the formal way of nice. No joy in the way they treat you. No going up and above. No personal touch. The food is acceptable, but that’s it. It’s no good but not bad either. Average and bit dull. The seat is fine. The only highlight was the entertainment system. It was awesome! And I loved the cameras. Definitely worth its price, but nothing else.
  Melbourne to Hong Kong. A bit disappointed considering that Cathay is a 5 star airline. I know that this trip was in economy and I did not expect business class However, no water was brought to us during the long flight and the entertainment system was not working well. I used the call button but nobody showed up. Cathay is good in business class but not in economy class.
  Paris to Melbourne via Hong Kong. The best part takes place before flying. You can phone any published landline number at any time of day from any location and get through to someone in 20 seconds. You can pay in any currency at the spot rate at that moment. The confirmation e-ticket and Locator number arrives by email before the end of the conversation. Qantas typically has over an hour wait time and they charge extra to speak to a human.
  London to Sydney via Hong Kong. From check in through to boarding and the flight, the experience was identical. This does show a level of consistency with the airline. On the flights themselves the CSM was superb in checking in a couple of times on each leg. Brought over a cappuccino in a china mug with some biscuits also at one point. The London Cathay lounge is fabulous. A compact version of their lounge in HK. The noodle bar is great and had some dim sum plus noodles from there plus use of the shower facilities. Great buffet also. My 'home' lounge is Qantas right next door but equally happy to use Cathay. Cathay are a great airline and my default choice to Europe if not flying on Qantas. Only downside - the noisy B777 jet but nothing can be done about that.
  Sydney to London via Hong Kong. This was a return to Cathay after a couple of years. Being a OneWorld airline I can accumulate points and status credits to go to my Qantas account. Overall the experience on CX is satisfying. From check in (at the CX First counter on account of being a Platinum with Qantas and One World Emerald. This is important even when in the economy cabin). Lounge was familiar at Sydney being the Qantas First. Boarding painless. Now the aircraft is one that is love - hate. It is the 777 - 300. Comfortable ride but its downsides are well known. 10 abreast seating a cabin that is narrower than the Qantas A380's i'm used to and oh boy is the 777 a noisy jet. By comparison the 380 is whisper quiet and the 777 sibling, the 787 Dreamliner is quiet also. The economy seats were fine although the padding was a little firm. The IFE is very good but loaded up with Netflix I did not really use it save for the excellent maps. Now being an Emerald One World, the CSM was very attentive. Three individual cabin crew introduced themselves including the CSM. It's a very nice touch from an airline that I do not often fly with but shows the advantage of One World membership. Of the other OW airlines I fly with (American and British) only Cathay gave such attention. The F & B was not really sampled as I had eaten in the lounge. But it looked fine. Overall the flying part was satisfying except for the loudness of the 777! Now HK airport is one mighty big place. I had a 4 hour layover and headed to the Wing which is one of Cathay's flagship lounges. It was 5.30 am in the morning so the rest of the airport was closed. Separate review of the lounge. Cathay is an airline I'll definitely be using more in the future.
  Hong Kong to Singapore. I found the Cathay proposition to provide excellent value, 10k miles redemption for a 4 hour flight. Ground check-in was seamless, zero queues. Seats in economy certainly are average, but I'm sure I've had it worse with some other airlines. I was comfortable enough to sleep for 3 hours on this flight and the only remaining time awake was meal time. IFE had a vast selection of options and these were new systems installed on the slightly older planes. They still offer some of the widest and most varied destinations coupled with reasonably good service. Not the best, but good enough for what I paid.
 Singapore to Hong Kong. Cathay had long relied on their name. While the cabin crew and flight crew continue to offer professional service, it can only be a matter of time before Cathay becomes a Chinese domestic airline. Take that comment as you will - all Chinese carriers today are all terrible and what with HK it's a matter of time. My last business class was in the now defunct Jet Airways and I would prefer that over what I experienced today: 1) No wifi. 2) Movies and TV are biased towards Chinese / HK releases with family oriented fillers in the English section. Disappointing to find absolutely nothing to be watched. 3) A lacklustre menu, but I went for the fillet steak. If you like stringy, stewed and overcooked steak with a taste of low cost cooking oils then this is is tour flight, tepid gravy with a skin, tepid potato scooped tasting of oil not butter. 4) Mediocre seat not designed for anyone over 5.5' The transfer information screen really sums it up. All the fights are there, but with no actual usable transfer information. Lounge experience equally poor. We talk of Emirates going downhill, but why not when the competitors drop to this. Put your money back in your pocket, buy a Scoot ticket with all the addons. You aren't missing anything.
  Perth to Hong Kong. It used to be a great airline; in fact it used to be my favourite airline. But Cathay has gone from bad to worse. I'm not really a big guy (185/85kg), but I suffered in that tiny economy seat. Behind me was a similarly tall guy, whose knees were constantly in my back. I could barely move in that seat and I'm surprised that there are no restrictions as to how small a seat can be. But looking at the 'Premium Economy', I know what Cathay economy used to be. The other aspect is food and beverage. For a long-haul flight of more than 7 hours I expect decent meals and good supply of at least water to prevent dehydration. Neither was provided sufficiently. Especially the breakfast was a total joke. I'd be ashamed to serve that. As far as hydration is concerned, I asked twice to get more water and was ignored. In the morning I asked for more coffee and was ignored as well. Does the crew have too much stress? They used to be a lot more caring, attentive and forthcoming. The only advantage I felt was the 30kg baggage allowance, but even that becomes more and more of a standard and does not give Cathay an edge over other airlines. I hope Cathay can find back to its former glory. For now I'll try to avoid it.
  Sydney to Hong Kong. For Business Class they are way below the other airlines for meals and crew friendliness. Imagine our disgust when dinner was a choice of prawns or a hamburger with soggy chips! It’s a disgrace and served on a plastic tray. The seats and cabin are fine, but we have been spoilt by the crew of other airlines, Cathay fall way short. This is the first leg of our Business class trip to Paris return, not a good start 
 I choose to fly Cathay Pacific from Manchester to Phnom Phen with my school. It was a wonderful experience. The aircraft from Manchester to Hong Kong was modern and new. The seat was comfortable and equipped with personal in-flight entertainment screen. The IFE contained large options of films, TV shows and Music. The seat itself was comfortable and adjustable with headrest. The seat provided a pillow and a blanket with headphones. The seat pocket contains everything that every long-haul airline standard have (magazine, safety card, sickness bag, shopping magazine etc). The crew handed out a menu which is very useful for making meal options. The flight departed on time from Manchester and lunch service was provided an hour after took off. The food was delicious and of a high standard. The crew were really friendly and motivated. They constantly providing refreshments for passengers for a whole flight. This is an overnight flight so the cabin lights dimmed very early. The dimmed was through out the flight until the breakfast service around 3 hours before landing. The toilet was modern, clean and have good facilities. The breakfast service was fast and like lunch service, the food was delicious The flight arrived on time in Hong Kong. The first flight is really impressive long-haul flight. The transfer process in Hong Kong is easy and fast. I took my second flight to Phnom Phen with Cathay Dragon. The seat is really comfortable and the aircraft equipped with air vents. The onboard service is good with a complimentary drink and mid-flight snack, but the crew weren't really friendly and didn't hand out all papers to hand into Cambodian immigration. The flight depart and arrive on time. Overall, I was really impressed with Cathay Pacific, despite a minor fault, I would fly with them again.
  Dublin to Brisbane via Hong Kong. We have previously flown with Cathay Pacific in their Premium Economy class and we decided to upgrade to Business Class. The comfort level in Business Class in wonderful with a very comfortable seat, lots of leg room and a seat that converted to a flat bed. The Business class seat has amble compartments for your personal items along with charging station and good quality headphones. The entertainment offered on the flight was a little disappointing and I felt was a limited selection, my recollection from previous flights with Cathay was that the range of entertainment offered was larger and has since diminished. The customer service is fantastic and the cabin staff should be commended, as well as the ground staff, who I have found to be timely and efficient. The only criticism that I have is that I found it difficult to sleep due to the constant flow of cabin staff who made their way to the kitchen area. I understand that the cabin crew are very busy, however I wondered whether the traffic during sleep time could be minimised. I would recommend Cathay Pacific to my friends, and I would also recommend business class.
  Hong Kong to Rome. To my surprise, I thought A350 economy seating should be much better Seats space are terrible, not much different than AirAsia seating. The seat reclining angle is also very limited, I can hardly get any eye shut for my 12 hours flight. Inflight entertainment selection really poor as well, not much movies or classic blockbuster available. The flight departed late for more than an hour. Food is just meh.. I thought I made a good choice for choosing Cathay flying their latest aircraft, but it was really a bad option, only good thing out of this flight is a direct flight from China to Rome due to business schedule. From now onwards, I will avoid taking Cathay A350-1000 economy.
 Hong Kong to Singapore. The food was spectacular! The seats were nicely furnished and they were surprisingly comfortable! I would recommend the airline as they are very kind and they have patience as well with kindness and happiness!
  Manchester to Hong Kong. Amazing service. The premium economy product was faultless. The seats were amazing as was the mini cabin. The food selection was something out of a high end restaurant. Constantly offered drinks and snacks. Will use again without a doubt
  Mumbai to Vancouver via Hongkong. I was travelling on a student visa to YVR and I was asked to weigh laptop bag along with my cabin bag and together it should be 7kg.  At the check in counter my luggage bag weighed 23.5 x 2, the agent there at the airport counter did not allow 0.5 kg extra weight.They asked me to pay $100 extra to carry this 0.5kg extra. During the heated conversation that I was having with them, they told me that the luggage allowed is purely keeping in mind the safety of the passengers. I would like to ask what happens if I agreed to pay $150 extra and was allowed to carry 32kg extra baggage. I am never recommending this airline. 
  Booked the trip as far possible out as I could so I think it was value for money compared with other airlines. The A350 being a new aircraft is great to fly in. Best features about the flights Lie flat bed great for me being 6 feet plus, no need to ask a crew member to make the bed up. Managed to sleep quite easily. Crews on all legs, polite, courteous and workmen like (no unnecessary chit chat ) addressed by my name and cabin staff introduced themselves. The privacy of the cabin is excellent. Food - I would say average plus, tried the Beefburger and Chips (It didnt work for me). Minor grumble no additional breads offered any more at the main meal or breakfast and I had to ask for coffee, otherwise I would never get one. Great showers in the Wing at Hong Kong airport. When it runs well Cathy is a very good airline.
 Washington DC to Hong Kong. Boarding was done efficiently and we were shown to our seats by cabin crew. The purser came up to introduce herself and happened to be a very chatty Japanese lady who was sweet and helpful. The seat was comfortable but I was surprised by the lack of storage space at sitting level. There was a small storage box at the bottom of the seat and one by the armrest, which I didn't dare use for fear of leaving stuff behind. The flight left on time and we had options of a quick supper or a full meal. I opted for the former and was served a rack of lamb which was beautifully cooked. The accompanying vegetables were overcooked and I was surprised that service comes on a tray instead of being brought out course by course. There was also no dine on demand but there were snack options available throughout the flight. There was no mattress for the seat so that was a minus for me. Otherwise, the pillows were adequate and there was a duvet which I didn't use as I found the cabin too warm. The IFE was good and responsive and we were given good quality headsets. There was a very basic amenity kit provided. The crew were proactive and responded to calls quickly and were always pleasant. There was breakfast before landing which again was served on a tray and there was no spoon provided to stir my coffee! Overall, I like flying Cathay but it pales in comparison to the Business class product of Qatar airways. It was a 'no-frills' business product but then again, the seats were quite comfortable, crew were nice and the plane was clean and brand new.
  Zurich to Tokyo via Hong Kong. I chose to upgrade my Economy Seats for one way from Zurich. It was one of the best flight experiences I've had in business class so far. The seat was retractable into a flat position so that it could function as a bed. The return flight was unfortunately booked out completely, so that I had to return in economy class. Which was not a bad experience after all, and it was my own fault in the first place as I had not booked business class in advance. Fortunately at ZRH airport, upgrades could be made directly at the gate. The food was very good in both classes, however there was the additional option of ordering food at any time in business class, which was a nice perk, but haven't really taken advantage of because the lunch, dinner and breakfast was more than sufficient to satisfy my hunger. The in flight entertainment system was extremely well designed, and the selection was huge. I would 100% recommend this airline, and I'm looking forward to possibly fetch a good deal on a business class flight from Zurich to Tokio next month again.
  Shanghai to Barcelona via Hong Kong. The 1st flight was late, so we barely caught the 2nd flight. I made it, but my luggage didn't. They told me that they will only be able to deliver the suitcase 2 days later. I was instructed to call the airlines for the compensation. The service is terrible. They never pick up their phone calls and never respond to the emails. No one cares. It is so frustrating. My suitcase was supposed to be delivered 2 days later at 1.30 PM, then in the evening, then the following day in the morning. Seems like I'm never going to get it back. I would not recommend this airline to my worst enemy.
  Cebu to Dubai via Hong Kong. The flight was delayed by more than an hour in Cebu but the consolation is that we were upgraded to Premium Economy for Cebu-HKG route. I hate delayed flight, they did not provide any drinks or snacks, fortunately, I have access to the Premium Lounge courtesy of my MC. The flight was comfortable, the legroom and the seat pitch was good enough. The HKG-DXB route was not quite interesting, food served was bland and the plane cabin was not neat as expected. The handling of the crews aboard the flight is very average.
  Hong Kong to Washington. Transit in Hong Kong on 31st August after arrival from KUL. Premium Economy on Cathay Pacific does not allow lounge access. Boarding process was a mess. They announced boarding was about to start and pax were lining up but then delayed boarding for at least 45 minutes citing security issues. In the meantime, I was questioned by a young security staff asking me silly questions about my trip. He was rude and repetitive and cold hardly speak English. When we finally boarded, the flight was delayed and only left the gate about 50 minutes after departure time. On board, the PE seats are a fail in my opinion as they are definitely not 20 inches wide and appear no different to an economy seat in terms of width. I have flown Premium Economy on the Cathay Pacific 777-300 and although they are older type seats, they are wider. The seat pitch is good as is the recline but when the passenger in front has their seat reclined, it gets very tight. The leg rest is a bonus and as I was in a window seat, the seat is jammed right against the window leaving no space to store blankets etc. The IFE was good and very responsive. The screens are large and crisp and there are additional storage spaces below the IFE screen. The seat pocket is very low down and limited in what it can hold. Basically storage is a problem. The food is the same as economy, small portions but I ordered a kosher meal which was delicious and plentiful. The staff were pleasant and better than the KA staff o the previous flight and were present throughout the flight. There were snacks available during the flight but the offerings were limited. Deplaning was was uneventful. Overall, Premium Economy has very little to boast about when compared to economy on CX.
 Hong Kong to Singapore. The experience is nice. The premium economy seat allows me to lying down to a large angle (much better than economy seats). The space between each seats are greater. Noise cancelling headsets are provided. It's worth the price especially if traveling on long distance. However, the meal is too simple, even comparing with my economy experience on the same route a few years ago.
  Cathay has a very good design on its seats on A350, it has enough space to put my things and the TV screen is huge. The food on board is fine, the service of the flight attendants is great. In conclusion, I love to fly with Cathay!
 Gold member on EK but decided to fly with Cathay from Singapore to Vancouver via Hong Kong and back. Influenced by the pricing strategy of the airline which is to entice passengers from countries in the Far East to travel to YVR with Cathay. Very much regret the choice. Noted a big deficiency in the airline’s punctuality and the casualness of ground staff. Not an airline to use if the connecting time is short. Outbound flight from SIN to HKG was delayed, meaning that the 2+ hours connecting time vanished. All connecting passengers (about 10 of us) had to literally sprint in HKIA to catch the YVR flight. On the inbound flight from YVR to HKG, an initial delay of 1 hour was announced. Despite the fact that connecting time in HKG was only 1 hour 15 minutes, the ground staff gave full assurance that the plane would make up for the lost time. Alas, with a delay of more than 2 hours to depart from YVR, the connecting flight HKG-SIN was missed. After a gruelling 12 hour flight from YVR plus the delay of 2 hours, I had to wait for another 5 hours in HKG to catch the next flight to SIN. As a souvenir, a meal voucher was offered!
 Flew Dubai-Hong Kong-Saigon. Started the travel from in transit in DXB 19-20 August 2019 on A330-300 and B777-300 aircrafts. Cathay uses the Lufthansa Lounge in DXB but it only opened 3 hours prior to departure and I had 12 hours in transit. Thus, I used BA’s lounge instead as I am Oneworld elite card holder. BA lounge is much better and lounge staff extremely polite and helpful. Flights on time. Service levels by FAs among the best in the skies. Food and drinks are deteriorating and has absolutely no business glamour: only 3 juices offered, only 2 cheap industrial beers (Carlsberg and San Miguel), no smoothies, no blue cheese. Seat Belt was on for hours without any turbulence – likely a cost saving measure and to allow FA to rest? But the passengers are left in the dark and there is no serving while the seat belt lamps are on. Bad experience. First flight provided a good dinner (3 options). I had seabass and later Japanese Noodle soup as mains. However, breakfast poor and only cold stuff served. Second flight was a morning flight: nice large Chinese Dim Sum breakfast served with lots of different, sophisticated dumplings. Lounges in HKG are very good and I was offered 5 options. IFE is good and clear. Priority boarding. Luggage handled perfectly. Mileage given quickly. Not cheap.
  Madrid to Hong Kong. On my Palma to Madrid flight with Cathay Pacific, the code share partner Iberia refused to issue me my boarding pass for Madrid to Hong Kong when I checked in in Palma on August 11. I was told to get the boarding pass when I arrived in Madrid, this despite my plea that I had under 1.5 hours transit time. Things got worse when I arrived in Madrid. There was no Cathay Pacific counter in the transit hall, so I approached the Iberia counter to explain I needed my boarding pass to clear immigration in order to catch my flight to Hong Kong. The staff was adamant she could not meet my request as the two code share partners are on different systems. My only way to get the boarding pass was to get out of transit and check in at the Cathay counter. I kept pleading and finally the Iberia staff asked what time was my flight, and when I told her it was taking off in less than an hour, she took out a little notebook, found a number and called a Cathay Pacific line. The instruction from Cathay was to have her manually write down my name and flight number on a piece of paper, stamped with the Iberia company seal and present it to immigration. Her words to me were: "I'm not sure if this works but you will have to try. Now run, there is no time." So I ran as fast as I could. At the immigration check, I was asked where is my boarding pass and all I could produce was the manually written pass. Thankfully, he accepted it, I ran for the shuttle train and made it Terminal 4S where passengers were already queuing to board the plane. I looked for a Cathay Pacific staff in charge of the boarding procedures and explained to her "I need my boarding pass." Thankfully, she understood what I had just went through and quickly had my boarding pass printed. Even the Cathay Pacific staff in Hong Kong airport transit found it incredulous and urged me to ask the airline for an explanation so that it can rectify the issue before other passengers get caught out. I'm not sure if others have experienced similar with a code share partner refusing to issue a boarding pass because the airlines are on different systems. This is a back end matter that should have been settled before tickets are sold. Passengers like myself have paid for the ticket and do not expect to be denied boarding pass because of unresolved back end issues.
 
I travel between HKG and SIN on Cathay Pacific quite often. This is my first time choosing CX650, an early morning flight. The aircraft (A330, 18 years in service) is too old comparing with other flights on the same route. The food is okay but they no longer serve the Haagen Dazs in economy class (as they did a few years ago). I will still fly with Cathay Pacific but I won't choose this flight again unless a different type of aircraft is used.
  
Jakarta to Hong Kong in October 2018. Great take off, great landing, good service, pleasant flight attendant, but only sandwich, no choice, and no other menu. Good choice of drink. New aircraft.
  Seattle to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. The flight departed puctually from Seattle Tacoma Airport. The flight attendants were very friendly, polite and helpful. The meals inflight were delicious However,the seat was a little bit uncomfortable for me as the pillow on the seat was hard but there was a pillow (extra) provided. Anyway, we landed in Hong Kong safely and punctually.
  Vancouver to Singapore via Hong Kong. My first experience flying Cathay. Vancouver to Hong Kong leg was a 777-300ER both ways. It's a magnificent airplane and their business class layout makes it better. Cathay lounges at Vancouver, Hong Kong and Singapore were very nice, clean and well decorated. The lounge food options are a bit subpar in all three locations, though. The in-flight service, as well as food, was great. HKG-YVR had amazing Australian beef steak served. Their signature burger is also very tasty. The FAs were attentive, and answered requests promptly. On the YVR-HKG leg, I slept for 7 hours, when I woke up, an FA came by to ask if I needed anything. The only bad sides were a poor selection of movies and tv shows (only 4 episodes of Family Guy for example) and lack of Wifi on their planes, which I found very strange. Great experience overall and will consider Cathay again.
  Delhi to Hong Kong. We arrived about 3 hours in advance for our flight just to have some barrier time in case anything goes wrong. Once through our ID check and into the terminals we checked our flight on the board and headed towards check in. There was a lady at the front of most of the cues and checked our boarding pass as we proceeded to the Business class cue. I was quite surprised there was no first class on this flight as I couldn’t see any such check in counter. Normally on a 777 they do have one. Queue was fairly short and efficient. Our baggage got tagged “priority” and we were given our boarding passes. Once exiting check in we headed to a  first class and business class security and immigration lane which is meant to “fast track” premium passengers. CX use the Plaza Premium lounge here at Delhi and we took the lift to the concourse and entered in. Lounge was pretty crowded but still comfortable if your not to picky. Onboard the seat was fairly comfortable and had a decent privacy divider and ample storage space. The amenity kit had all the amenities you could  need. I’m pretty happy CX provided two blankets and which were very comfortable. I was given a hot towel. CX use StudioX for there IFE and there was a decent amount of movies and Tv shows. After a movie I decided to order one of their steak options which was pretty disappointing. I left it and was gonna go with the biryani but was full. I decided to get some shut eye, the bed could go fully flat and was pretty comfortable.
  Gatwick to Hong Kong. Im a CX gold card and lounge access at BA given. Boarding fast, lovely welcome, seat in PE great, loads of space. Food really tasty, snacks, noodles delivered quickly. Captain informative and after slight delay, we arrived on time. Crew are good, a lot is expected of them and they deliver. Big negative is new 'print off your ticket and bag tags' procedure. Its not that clear how. 
  My husband and I flew from London to Hong Kong using Cathay Pacific We were most disappointed in the Premium Economy seats. Our seating was at the back of the section actually in the economy cabin with a curtain drawn only after dark between us and the front row of Economy by using an angled curtain. The flight was uncomfortable because the leg rest would not fold back under the seat properly and the footplate which is minimal spun around so it was difficult to keep the feet on straight footplates. Staff did their work pleasantly but were not in evidence after the meal was served. One had to locate a remote control for being able to call a staff member and the remote control was not immediately evident being by one's thigh so it proved difficult or impossible to get staff attention without this knowledge. As a concession to Premium Economy, a fancy printed menu was received for the meal but when the meal arrived not only were they out of most options but the grey sludge which appeared as the remaining fish dish was most unappetising. As I was next to the economy passengers there appeared no difference between the meals in each cabin although I think there must have been some slight difference. Premium Economy is that only in name in Cathay Pacific. There was minimal extra room between seats and it was very difficult for the person on the window to climb over the person on the aisle to go to the toilet. We had also done the Hong Kong London sector going and the comments are the same. Premium Economy is Economy with a new name - I would not waste my money again.
  Adelaide to London via Hong Kong. After paying almost double the cost of economy I believed premium economy would just be a little better all round, not so, the seating was a little better but the service was unhelpful. By the time economy had been served the choices of courses were reduced from three to one, there was no brandy and and only one choice of wine and no champagne on boarding as offered on your website. Items on the menu were not available, and at no time did the crew approach me for drinks or snacks. I'm hoping the return flight to Adelaide on 9th August has improved.
  Adelaide to Bangkok via Hong Kong. Both flights on time, with the good service. Seats were comfortable and food was decent. IFE had a great choice with decent size touch screen. As a One World Platinum member, the lovely Purser made sure that I was comfortable all the time.
  Dubai to Manila via Hong Kong. I have always been a fan and loyal customer of Cathay Pacific and been happy with the level of service and product. However, earlier this year, I flew with Singapore Airlines, economy, and there I experienced a superior economy class service and product. From IFE panel and content, cabin crew service and food. To mention, They offered hot towel and simple amenity kit, in their economy class. This recent experience with CX, DXB-MNL via HKG was somewhat confusing. I am going to blame it due to being a full flight, and service will be affected. Just to note some, male cabin crew told a female passenger who asked for assistance with her luggage storage when there was no space “why you came late?”. Another female cabin crew, while I was watching, suddenly called my attention and I thought she was offering me hot drinks. I replied “coffee” and she clarified if I was the one who asked for tea earlier. When I said no, she moved on, i am not sure if she apologized for it and at least should have offered if I wanted coffee. There was also a minor glitch with IFE for few minutes. The saving grace, the CX935 HKG-MNL leg. Crew were all friendly, captain  very jolly and inflight service manager sound very friendly on announcement. A350-900 felt new, cool seat design, IFE panel and interior were amazing. DXB airport ground crew were all friendly, polite and helpful. HKG airport is a joy to stay for layover.
 Barcelona to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific Airways. This flight did not live up to expectations promised by the 'Go Beyond' advertising. Boarding was efficiently managed although the flight departed nearly an hour late. As a regular long haul traveler I look forward to the airline food and normally choose the Asian option as I have done very well on other carriers based in Asia. However it was very disappointing so I assume the budget had been cut to the minimum. Cabin crew were polite but often not around much between meal times. The A350 has good sized screens for entertainment however the choice was limited. I will probably look at other flight options next time.
  Hong Kong to Copenhagen in 2018. The seat is quite comfortable. The space isn't too narrow and the headrest is soft and  comfortable. The personal television is large and there is many movies, TV, music and games provided. The personal television can clearly show where are we and the basic info. of the plane(speed and attitude etc.). The meal includes the main course, ice-cream, salad and drinks. It is quite delicious.
  Gatwick to Melbourne via Hong Kong. Have travelled on Cathay every two years or so on this route in business class. Surprised and disappointed to be told on boarding at Gatwick that pyjamas are no longer supplied in what is clearly a long haul overnight flight. A stupid cost cutting measure that trashes Cathay's business product. Excellent service and food diminished greatly by this decision. Amusing to see fellow canny passengers sitting up in their Qantas PJs for the flight - not a good look Cathay! I have contacted 'customer relations' on this matter and received the usual PR blah blah response. Such a shame and a ridiculous decision.
  London to Hong Kong. I was able to get a last minute ticket to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific Airways and it was very good price. The pro is 4-5 flights a day from Heathrow to Hong Kong and onward to many Asian cities. Service and product is consistent. However for a premium economy passenger (I often fly their business class and find it underwhelming) I think other Asian airlines do a much better job. The seat is comfortable but very dated. On my return journey the economy class cabin had received a make over - with more seats squeezed in but also new IFE installed. Premium economy meanwhile still had the old IFE and old deco. I also found Cathay Pacific entertainment very limited. Catering onboard was not good. I always eat in the lounge when I fly with CX and skip meals onboard. Even their business class meal is not up to standard let along Premium Economy offerings. I also found service deteriorating. Most of the crew were robotic and just about to manage their tasks. Also depends on your luck. On some of the 777 premium economy you have to go to economy class to use the toilets. And when you reach there the toilets are not clean. Overall if you want a good flying time then CX is good, otherwise if you are looking for a good travel experience go with SQ, BR and CI.
  Singapore to London via Hong Kong. If you are going to pay more for travel, you might as well fly business. Seems when you are in Premium Economy, you are still just another passenger. I am not a fussy flyer but to be told i could not use the business class washroom on a long haul flight albeit the closest to PE and the reason being it was for business class only.  Other passengers were not stopped when they tried to use said toilets. I do not intend to fly with the airline anytime soon. Funnily enough all the other hostesses were really nice just the one hostess that screwed up the entire experience.
  Dubai to Hong Kong. Want to be robbed in business class? Then let me recommend Cathay Pacific. Apparently this happens enough that showing people kindness and compassion does not matter to crew members as demonstrated to me when my purse was stolen from the business class bin where the flight attendant put it and found in the economy toilet during my night flight from Dubai to Hong Kong. After I exited the plane and the police conducted the investigation that did not recover the lost items, no crew member offered their apologies or help. Not one offered to help me find the lounge or my connecting flight. No one asked me where I was going or if I needed anything. In tears I asked security personnel for help. She asked a Cathay employee to take me to the lounge. The employee looked less than thrilled and put upon. She walked several strides ahead of me as I struggled to keep up. I'd trade a fancy lounge for safety, kindness and an apology any day.
  Cebu to Los Angeles via Hong Kong. I have no issue with the service in the cabin. However, this is the 2nd time I flew with Cathay Pacific and both times were delayed screwed up my hotel reservations and plans for work. I purchased the higher price so that I don't have to have a long layover but end up staying 12 hrs. My original ticket depart from CEB-HKG and then HKG-LAX and I was supposed to arrived July 3rd 10pm. My flight from Cebu to HKG got delayed for half an hour but I only have 55 mins layover in HK. The moment I arrived in HKG, I was told my flight is reschedule (I expected it) the airline did provide me a hotel to stay at including free breakfast. My new ticket departs July 4th and my arrival in LAX is July 4th. I'm just upset that I purchased the expensive ticket and my flight still got delayed. I get it delays and stuff comes up but come on.  This is the 2nd time that happened to me. Same 12 hrs of layover and I had to cancel my hotel and couldn't get my refund. 
  My first experience on Cathay Pacific was horrific. I waited in line for 2 hours at JFK to board flight 841 to Hong Kong (with a connection to Koh Samui) that was scheduled to leave at 10am on Wednesday June 26th while the gate attendant kept saying there was a minor technical delay and we would be boarding in a few minutes. After two hours the desk attendant said while the flight was not cancelled we had to all leave the gate immediately and pick up our luggage. I called to reschedule my flight but was told I could not do so because I was already checked in for fight 841 and had to go to the service desk. After waiting another hour for my luggage I went to the business class service window where I had a three hour wait to be helped. There was pandemonium at the window with hordes of people crowding the counter and the agents ignoring the lines. After waiting for hours and finally getting an agent to help me I was told that I was already rebooked on flight 845 which was leaving at 1am the following morning. I had not received an email or text about this and it appears I waited in line for hours for no reason. When I showed up for flight 845 at 10pm that night after losing a day of my life waiting at JFK I was told it was overbooked and they did not have a seat for me. I was trying to connect to a flight to Koh Samui where I had reservations at a resort. In the end I was booked on a flight that went to Vancouver and then on to Hong Kong which added five hours to my flying time. I missed an entire day at the resort where I was headed. And the worse of it all is that there was no communication from the airline.I paid $10,000 for this business class ticket and spent the money hoping that by going business class I would not be subjected to so much stress. I am a frequent flyer on Delta and American Airlines and although they have their problems I have never experienced anything like this before in terms of the lack of communication, misinformation, pandemonium at the check-in desk, customer service that said it could not help me because I was checked into a flight that never took off, being rebooked onto a flight that had no capacity and lack of any apparent management oversight. In the end the airline has offered my a $250 voucher toward a future flight which feels inadequate. I am really disappointed in an airline that I though was among the best in the world.
  Hong Kong to Cairns. Very poor premium economy service. This was the worst inflight service I've ever experienced. Took two hours for food to arrive on a relatively short 6.5 hour overnight flight. When it did arrive it was abysmal. Very small portion, bland, and overly salty tomato sauce on dried pasta. Not even three course meal. Crew very inefficient, passengers still had meal trays waiting collection three hours after take out. Then we were woken up again two hours later for "breakfast" which was a dry pastry in a box. This was my third trip on Cathay on this same route, and their inflight service has been very poor indeed each time. They are not cheap, and I would not want to fly again with them. Their seats are very comfortable but the rest falls far behind their competitors.
  
Johannesburg to Hong Kong, Boeing 777-300 ER. It was my first international flight to Asia especially, Hong Kong. The cabin crew was the friendliest and the service on board was amazing. Fortunately for me, I had no other passengers seated next to me and it was so comfortable and relaxing throughout my longest flight ever. The only down factor was that it was very cold throughout the night. My feet were very cold because of the air conditioner and of course flying over oceans too. I loved the fact that the flight attendant handed passengers disembarking from the airline for Hong Kong special visitor slips. I think it was really handy and going through immigration went quite fast. Thank you to Cathay Pacific flight CX 749 back to OR Tambo International Aiport from Hong Kong on the 16th June for giving me a last-minute seat onboard this flight because I missed my actual flight on the 15th June 2019 back to South Africa. Cathay Pacific flight CX 749 was really comfortable and much warmer on board and the service was good but can be improved. I will definitely fly again with Cathay Pacific in the future.
 This is an interesting 5th freedom flight operated by Cathay Pacific, with the aircraft continuing onto Hong Kong from Bangkok. My first time flying an A350 and I was amazed by the spaciousness of the cabin. Leg room was comfortably sufficient for economy class and the load factor was relatively low so I had the row to myself which is a plus point. Food was above average and quite a spread - Main course, fruits, bread, water, drinks, ice cream. Cabin crew were largely courteous and smiley, except for one who kept a poker face for most of the time. Departed and landed on time.
 Sydney to Dubai via Hong Kong. At my Sydney bag drop, I was fortunate to be advised at check-in by the most engaging, informative supervisor. Time was taken to explain my seating. advice re: my HK layover etc. Her kindness was appreciated. Sadly that was the end of any memorable Cathay experience. It was a full flight on an ancient aircraft which might have been doable except for the inconsistency with the cabin crew. I found any interaction with some was most unpleasant. Others were helpful but few. After seeing the menu I was waiting for refreshments to arrive. I watched the trolley loaded in the galley and was totally ignored. I was surprised and with the attitude of the female crew member in my area hesitant to ask. As this woman was abrupt, dismissive, actually bordering on rude. Therefore I left the flight certainly looking for some refreshment. These flights are not budget and the disdain I experienced was awful. The HK to Dubai was better as it was a night flight but breakfast was very ordinary. After my return home, this will be my last Cathay flight. I dread if anything goes wrong based on their attitude when all was on schedule.
  Boston to Jakarta via Hong Kong. A missed connection on American Airlines bumped me to Cathay Pacific. The 15 hour flight to Hong Kong was ok. The food was average, the flight staff were nice. My problem came when they refused to even considering to allow me to fly standby on a flight that was 9 hours earlier because locating my baggage with a 5 hour window was going to be too much trouble. I even offered to retrieve the bags the next day since 1 of them appeared to be left in Boston anyway. The customer service was terrible and they just keep reminding me it was American Airlines that caused me to miss the original flight not them so they were not obligated to help me. C.H. an unfriendly girl at the service desk was particularly indifferent and unapologetic. She suggested that she couldn’t help me because she didn’t know how much I paid for my original ticket. I was 38 hours into this nightmare and she had no problem adding another 10 hours to my trip because I originally booked with a partner airline. Whatever this One World partnership is they should boot Cathay out of their system for terrible customer service.
  Travelled Ho Chi Minh City to Dubai via Hong Kong on 29 June 2019 on B777-300 and B330-300 respectively. Smooth check-in with 3 business class counters open. My luggage got checked in to the next 4 legs (including on another ticket with Kenya Airways). Nice. Priority lane for security and lounge in Le Saigonnais (was given 2 choices) were fine. First flight delayed from SGN. An early announced 1 hour delay ended up to be 2 hours made me miss my HKG-connection by 2 hours. That caused me to miss my connection in HKG where staff waited for me tried to rebook and examined a lot of option. Next CX flight to DXB kicked off only 10 hours later and made me lose my onward tickets (2 legs). A lot of courtesy, assistance, and sympathy was received in HKG due to the delay but the results and outcome eventually became nil as they regretted early promised options of sending me onwards via Jo-burg or with Emirates to Dubai. Suffered many hours in desperation trying to sort out my further connections from their Bridge Lounge. First flight world  class cuisine and caring. Business class full.  Second flight so, so – dinner hardly edible. Both flights: FAs are active, caring, and truly professional. Beer choices are a disaster and limited to mass produced industrial stuff (Heineken, Carlsberg, Foster, and San Miguel). No WiFi; good IFE. Clean aircraft. Good lounges in HKG. Delay unacceptable and delay handling unsatisfactory: was denied to see the manager as the staff would not allow. They pay lipservice, a lot of lipservice, but significant results, actions, or willingness to pay for any additional routing are not to be seen. They let down passengers by eventually being stingy: nothing must cost them anything additional. Not a true business class experience. The airline falls behind what I expected. Wonder how they treat economy class passengers during irregularities? I can mention 10 airlines that supersede CX with a better biz-class product. It seems at least that they had a bad day.
  Hong Kong to London. Ground service was smooth and efficient. Though the gate was a bit far away from the immigration, the check in counter was very quick. The seat was modern and they provided a wide range of movies and TV shows in the IFE system. Two meals were served and snacks including cup noodles were served in between. Desserts were also served in the economy class. I could get my check in luggage swiftly and reached central London in an hour.
  Cathay arbitrarily cancelled my daughter's return ticket, leaving her stranded in Philippines. We had no other option than to purchase a fare at full price the day of the flight. This is how they operate. When they have you at a disadvantage figure on getting screwed. Never again Cathay.
  Hong Kong to Taipei. Cathay has lost its shine. I transferred over $40,000 Asian miles into my account for this trip without knowing that it will take a week to arrive my account. Offered to pay cash for HK lounge Access, which was what listed on its Marco Polo section of the website, pay US$75 at the counter to enjoy the lounge. I was denied access and been sent away to pay to use the airport paid lounge. Flight delayed more than 2 hrs and counting. Would steer away from Cathay at all costs.
  London to Hong Kong. I have been flying this long haul route for some years, and often with Cathay, in fact this sector recently as well. I’ve never posted a review and never had cause for complaint before now. But something has recently gone very wrong with this previous exceptional airline. On boarding, even though I was on early, I wasn’t offered a drink and the staff seemed manically busy. But that’s not a biggie. After takeoff, the usual polite approach about meal choices - and this is where it all went wrong. The choices where limited (OK, it happens) and pretty dreadful. The ‘express’ option was either a vegetarian salad (OK, I’ll live with that as well) or soup (soup??). That’s it. So now I’m pressed for what I’m going to have for brunch (brunch? Where did brunch come from? Wasn’t mentioned on the last three same sectors I’ve done). I can’t describe the options as other than the omelette the words were unknown to me - I investigated further and found one that was fried turnips with some sort of porridge on top. No thanks, so I gave up. By the way, later on I was told that first class had cereals and croissants and toast - are you kidding me? So back to ‘dinner’. The vegetarian choice was a warm salad which sounded ok - and by the way, still haven’t been offered a drink which would have been nice. The ‘meal’ arrived with half a glass of red wine (which was good - disappeared quickly though), and wait for it. It was a sort of salad although you couldn’t see it as it as an orange foul smelling hot sauce had been poured on it. Disgusting. I politely handed it back, gave up and asked for the cheese. That appeared a little later - three water crackers, three grapes and two tiny wedges of cheese. Two and a half hours now passed - asked for a top up of wine. It never came, so I gave up, put my tray on the floor, drank some water and went to sleep. Six hours later, tried to get a tea, told the seat belt light was on and they couldn’t. Ok, I get that, but believe me, there was zero turbulence that anyone could possibly feel and the crew had disappeared. Got my fried turnips (sans porridge) and water at “brunch”, then when the bumps increased, off came the seat belt sign and I got a cup of tea and the chief of cabin crew got me a small croissant from first class! No, I’m not a whinger, yes, I understand safety and I know an airline when it’s losing the plot - sorry Cathay but I worked with you some years ago, have flown this route countless times, but we have choices now, and that was a shocker. What ever genius found your ‘chef’ and threw away the up and down the aisle service (forget the ipads - they take ages for the crew to work them out), get rid of him or her and go back to what you were doing less than 12 months ago - it worked.
  London to Manila via Hong Kong. I landed in Manila on the evening of 13 June but my luggage did not arrive with me. While I understand that missing or delayed luggage is not uncommon, you have to note that there were about 4 or 5 other people complaining that their luggage did not arrive with them. All of these people flew Cathay Pacific! That tells you something about their baggage handling. When I posted about my experience I have friends who reached out to me that they too experienced the same same thing, one even shared it happened some two years ago and where they lost 2 luggage which was never recovered and it took them months before they got compensated for the hassle! My experience with them about my missing luggage tells me that they are notoriously terrible at handling their customers' luggage! Never flying with them again ever and I would never recommend this airline to anyone!
  Singapore to Hong Kong. Excellent Economy Class seats, however, older A330-300s may have smaller and lower quality IFE screens. Cabin was clean in general, and food was substantial. Crew were great and provided excellent service.
  Cathay Pacific used to be the highlight of our travel back to the UK. Whilst the Business Class Cabin is clean and the facilities modern with all the bells & whistles, service excellent, refreshments good, the food is terrible! I don't know what I ate, but it was mush, at best? The midnight hamburger looked great, but I went with the fancy menu. What a huge disappointment. Why don't they just bring back real meals? Good old, roast meat & vegetables with gravy ? Or Stir Fry Beef and Vegetables - Chinese style? My first main option was not available (which was promoted on both flights to & from Hong Kong. A Chinese beef dish in tomato sauce?), so I chose something that I really don't know what it was trying to be? It was absolutely tasteless and looked terrible? Probably 'nouveau' to some? It was the same with the starter - yuck. The vegetarian breakfast option was worse??? Im not fussy, but I look forward to dining as a way to waste the time and I enjoy it. After all, traveling Business Class is a treat, so I was disappointed at my recent trip & that Cathay Pacific has chosen to go down the 'fusion' route and basically, treat their passengers as imbeciles. We wouldn't choose that kind of food if we were at a Restaurant, so why try to experiment, on a 12 hour flight? Cathay Pacific please re-think your menu. Also, it was a hot cabin. I felt nausea it was so hot? Lovely female attendant was very helpful and turned it up for me.
  Hong Kong to Madrid. Excellent from Check in to Baggage collection. Food was very good, great sleep, loads of movies, crew were professional and very accommodating to random requests. l prefer the A350-900 over the Boeing 787, toilet is bigger and a decent size hand basin.
  San Francisco to Kuala Lumpur via Hong Kong. Food was below expectations, stewardesses spent their time chit chatting when the lights were dimmed (hardly any offer of water to customers during flight). MJy headset jack was spoilt and they could not do anything about it so I was watching silent movie for many hours during my 13.5 hours flight.
  Washington to Hong Kong. I had such a good experience with Cathay. This was a 16 hour direct flight and I was not particularly excited for the length of this one but it wound up being perfect. The flight staff were incredibly attentive. The middle section of the plane had great headroom. The flight was smooth and the pilot was great. The in-flight entertainment was  great.
  Barcelona to Hong Kong. This was my first time flying with Cathay Pacific. I had very high expectations of such airline; they were met but only to a certain extent. I did my check in using its app; it was fine, I have seen smoother apps, but good overall. Bag drop and boarding in Barcelona was very easy - they even gave fast track access to go through security as it was really crowded and I had 60 minutes. The flight was fully booked, but the 3x3x3 configuration of the a350 is a big plus as it does not feel that crowded. Seats very comfortable, with a massive touch screen, foldable support for phones and tablets, USB charger and an incredibly convenient cup holder. Also, decent leg room. However, in my own opinion, IFE was sort of limited. Two of the major disappointments were service and food. Yet and by all means, they were not bad! Service was correct and very attentive, but I never get that vibe that makes you feel extra special. In regards to food, it was also "just" correct - not different to more average airlines. I have to say it was fantastic that you can order hot noodle cups at any point as a snack. I am not 100% sure if that was the A350, but I dealt with jet lag better after that flight. The cabin was at a very convenient temperature, air was not very dry (and I feel it instantaneously as I am using contact lenses). Overall, a very good flight with no complaints. However, and due to Cathay's reputation, I expected to have a better opinion after flying them. But I would fly them again, as they did a very good job.
  Purchased ticket as "early bird fare" at a great price and was best decision made. From the moment you enter the cabin after a visit to the Qantas business class lounge at Sydney Airport (One World partner) it is a very comfortable and enjoyable experience. An A330 from Sydney - Hong Kong, the plane was a little dated but still fine however the A350 flight from Hong Kong to Amsterdam was a near new plane, very sleek and modern.Welcome drink and warm towels are handed to you prior to departure and meals are served not long after take off. Great choice from the menu including a Wagyu burger they make from the galley - very delicious. Seats are shaped like a pod so there is plenty of personal space to stretch legs and relax (pod stretches out to form a comfortable bed to sleep in). IFE is fine, with a good choice of movies, music, games etc. Staff are attentive and keep an eye on any requirements during the flight. Spent some time in The Pier Business Lounge at HKIA in transit to Amsterdam and has showers, yoga room, bar, dumpling house and tea house. A great way to unwind for a connecting flight at HKIA.
  Vancouver to Hong Kong. Wonderful flight, don’t know if could ever go back to economy!! Flew business class in a lovely little pod type chair. Was able to fully recline and get a decent sleep on this 13 hour flight. When you push the recline button it slowly reclines into the footwell and headrest that is self contained, so you don’t disturb anyone else at all. My husband was in pod next to mine, and by leaning forward we could see each other and talk. Was not hungry on boarding (after snacking in lounge), so just had cheese platter and glass of wine while watching a movie then settled in to try and sleep. Cabin staff were fantastic and friendly. Enjoyed full breakfast about 2 hours before landing. Snacks available anytime if wanted, eg caramel popcorn, ice cream, salad, noodles. If you have to do a long flight over night then this is the way to do it.
  Seattle to Hong Kong. I was pretty excited to fly premium economy on the A350. The seat was not as amazing as I was expecting. Great design and storage, not as comfortable as the extra cushioned Boeing 777-300 PE seats. As always, food was very boring. It's almost always the same. Same starter, same main and same ice cream. Extreme consistency means lack of excitement. And, of course, same breakfast as always. The presentation of the food as always very sterile and basic, making the food taste even worse. Flight attendants robotic but still helpful. Overall not at the level of most of the other premium economy experiences I had with other airlines. Not worth the price.
  
Auckland to Dublin via Hong Kong. I found Cathay Pacific terrible. 6 of us travelled in cramped seats and the food was terrible. We didn’t get what we wanted because they ran out. One dinner I handed back because it was disgusting. There was no offer of anything else. I had heard great reviews but don’t think I will fly them again. As a family of 6 adults this has cost us a lot of money and it was the worst trip I’ve ever experienced. Unfortunately we have to on the way home on Thursday. I think we should be upgraded as this was the worst travel I have ever had. I have told others about our trip and they don’t want to fly Cathay now either. Disgusted family of 6.
 I used to fly Cathay Pacific Business between Europe and Asia (and was disappointed with the service) but had to fly Premium Economy this time due to the high price during holiday season. Overall I think it represents better value than business class. Check in at London Heathrow was fully automatic - you have to print out the boarding pass, luggage tag and attached it to your bag and drop it using a machine. Not an issue here. Boarding was smooth and easy and we took off on time. Hot towel and welcome drink were provided. I was able to secure the first row of the cabin and found the leg room much better than other seats in PE. However the screen is stored below the arm rest so if you plan to watch a lot of movie or have gate to gate entertainment this is the row to avoid. The A350 used for Hong Kong to Taipei sector is far superior than the B777 for long haul. I found the food and service ok - given the fact that it was sub standard in business class. One thing I don't appreciate is unlike EVA which I often fly with, the toilets were not regularly cleaned. I also found the selection of movies poor. When I booked my Premium Economy ticket I was inform that the flight from Hong Kong to Taipei would be operated by A330 without PE so I was allocated a seat in economy. When I arrived at the gate I spotted that it was changed to A350 with PE and check with the ground staff if it is possible to get a seat in PE. I was told that the airplane was still an A330 and there was no PE available - that proved to be totally wrong.
  Sydney to Hong Kong. It is sad to see Cathay Pacific fall from grace. I have flown them for many years however today was my first flight with them for over 3 years. What a shock. From the old tired plane, no warm towels, no welcome drink, no snacks, absent staff and incredibly poor meals it was all downhill. The biggest shock was the poor service. I used to recommend Cathay Pacific, no more. Very sad
  Toronto to Hong Kong. This was an agonizing trip. I’m about 5'5 tall and my knees touched the seat back in front of me. When the person in that seat reclined he was literally in my lap. It was a long trip, more than 15 hours, but cabin crew discouraged people from standing and stretching legs. And though we left after 1am, the cabin was kept dark almost the entire trip. The food was okay but the entertainment system had some really good movies. What was surprising was that we changed planes in Hong Kong and flew Cathay Dragon into Beijing and that plane was so comfortable with plenty of legroom. That was only a flight of 3 plus hours.
  Madrid to Tokyo  via Hong Kong. Friendly staff, seat on the A350 is great to lounge/eat and even sleep. On 777 bit less so and more chaotic and economy class meal. A350 to Hong Kong premium meal which was nothing to complain about. Enough snacks and drinks during the flight. PE well worth the money.
 Hong Kong to Singapore. A much older plane with very old 2-3-2 seating layout, it didn’t help with my osteoarthritis and over an hour delay compounded the condition service was friendly, the entertainment system was good I watched a few classic episodes of Frasier, the food was tasty.
  Melbourne to Tokyo via Hong Kong. Every time I've flown with Cathay it hasn't been great but this flight proved to be nightmarish. Landed in Narita via Hong Kong only to find my luggage had been lost! Although it was recovered in a few days time, the inconvenience caused by this cannot be understated. I was not offered any form of compensation beyond a simple apology. On the way back, there was also a 90-minute delay applied to the (midnight) HKG layover, during which they were asking if guests were willing to take a flight the next day as the replacement plane could not fit all passengers. Furthermore, the reason for this delay was never explained by the ground crew! Cabin staff overall was average bordering on robotic save for one exceptional hostess, I still gave it a 2 as on the return leg, menus for dinner/breakfast was not distributed and incoming passenger cards were only provided upon request (!) Speaking of which, meals were nothing special either compared to JAL, Emirates or even Delta. The only positives I can think of is the above average legroom and the relatively up-to-date inflight entertainment, including full seasons of many TV shows.
  Hong Kong to Milan. I had high expectations and most of them were disattended. The aircraft was extremely noisy, even with headphones the noise was really strong. The choice of movie is not so great. The seats are comfortable when you are seated but not when you lay flat. There is no extra mattress or something that soften a little the hard seat. Food is sufficient but nothing special. Flight attendants were nice
  Hong Kong to Manila.  This was a horrible experience flying with Cathay and a horrible customer service experience compared with any other airline I’ve ever flown internationally. Flight was delayed resulting in me missing my connection. Airline refused to rebook the next leg of my flight or pay for a hotel even though rebooking caused me to have to overnight a place I had not anticipated. Underwhelmed by the service during this event and the quality of the airline all around.
  Hong Kong to Brisbane via Cairns. Worst business class experienced. Definitely not worth the money. Hong Kong Business lounge is alright and the catering staff is generally friendly and helpful. Grumpy, cold and slack crew. Knowing I had injured my shoulder, the crew didn't bother to help me with my cabin baggage in any capacity even when they saw me struggle. In-flight meal was awful. Cold, thick-skinned dim sum. The braised salmon was cold in the centre as well. I left almost everything uneaten, but the crew didn't bother to care or ask why. Cathay's cost cutting measures are really hurting its core product. I'd take my business to Singapore Airlines in a heartbeat, which even provides free cabin WiFi. 
 This was my first time flying Cathay so I cannot compare it to its previous glory days. Overall I was satisfied with my experience. Cathay is comparable to the other better airlines out there, though none of them are particularly great these days. I liked that I could check in 48 hours in advance and take 2 suitcases with an economy fare, which is better than most airlines. Having to enter my advance passenger information 4 times (once for each flight there and back) was ridiculous, however. Boarding was well set up, with separate lines clearly signposted for each class of passenger. This prevents massive scrums to board. On both flights (B777 and A350), legroom was good, seat recline was excellent, and IFE was very good with large selection of entertainment and high quality screens. Cabin service was efficient if rather robotic and cold. Meals were pretty decent, especially the Asian dishes. I particularly liked the curry fried fish with rice and the noodles with dumplings. On my return, the flight from Perth was delayed by 2 hours. I received good advance notification via email and text message about this, so I could leave 2 hours later to the airport. Fortunately the delay worked out well for me, as it reduced my stopover in Hong Kong from 9 to 7 hours! I have two major criticisms, both regarding the 15-hour flight between Toronto and Hong Kong: 1) The new 10-abreast seating on the B777 is awful (apparently Cathay used to have 9-abreast seating until recently). The seats are very narrow and the armrests stick-thin. For 15 hours you are constantly being elbowed, knocked and brushed by your neighbour as well as people walking down the aisle if you have an aisle seat. I have a very slender and narrow build, so I cannot imagine how passengers with broad shoulders or who are overweight can tolerate this seating. Sadly, virtually all airlines now have this 10-abreast seating on their B777s, so passengers may have little alternative but to suffer. The FAA should not have allowed this layout, especially for super-longhaul flights like this. 2) There were only 2 meals served on this very long flight: one after takeoff and one before landing. No meal service for 12 hours in-between!! "Snacks" were available in the galley throughout the flight, but they were minuscule (literally bite-size) and unhealthy. There really should have been a third meal or proper snack box served mid-flight. I'm not sure if this is standard among other airlines for super-longhaul flights, but it's woefully inadequate. Despite these two criticisms, and with alternative airlines not really being better overall, I would choose to fly Cathay again.
 Sydney to Phuket via Hong Kong. As others have said in recent times, I don’t believe Cathay deserve their 5-star rating anymore. I have a long history of flying Cathay, going back to 1979, on one of their final B707 flights into SYD. This trip was very, very ordinary to say the least. Firstly, I chose the flights I did, so as not to fly with their 10-abreast B777ERs. So, all 4 sectors were flown with A330s, 2 with mainline, 2 with Dragon. Much more comfortable. I found the cabin crews were still excellent. The problems come from what they are given to work with and offer passengers. Just off the top of my head, in addition to the race-to-the-bottom that are the 10-across B777 configurations, in the past 10 months since my last trip, the following have gone from Y-class service: amenity kits, refresher towels before takeoff, juice or water prior to take off, deserts on the meal trays (the ice creams which are now the dessert, had always been an “extra”). Until now, I’d go out of my way to fly with CX. No longer. I’ll use them if it makes geographical sense to do so, like Aust - Europe and that, mainly due to the Marco Polo club benefits. But no longer, say, for Aust - N.America, as I quite often gladly did in the past. All very sad! I hope that management eventually realises that you don’t regain profitability by cutting and cutting relentlessly, and becoming “just another ok airline”.
 Arrived at Perth for my return trip to London LHR to be advised that the flight was delayed by 2 hours. As a consequence I would miss my connecting flight at Hong Kong (HK) so they had rearranged this. This resulted in a 14.5 hour stopover in HK. I was not happy and clearly distressed. I advised them I had a health condition and  could not sit in an airport for 14.5 hours. I purposely chose a stort stopover (and paid a premium for it) as long haul travel is challenging anyway. I was advised that I would be put up in a hotel in HK airport. On this basis I took the flight. On arrival in HK there was no hotel. I was however given access to the Business Class lounge. Whilst this was very comfortable, I still had to sit in the airport for 14.5 hours. I am not happy. I have repeatedly asked to discuss this with someone at the airport and have been given a customer comment form to complete and post off! This is not helpful! Even if they do respond it will be far too late to rectify this situation. As far as the outward journey went, I must admit to not finding it as good as previous trips. Previously, I would have said Cathay Pacific was not far off Emirates & Singapore A/L but even based on the outward journey alone I would no longer get say this was the case. Food disgraceful. Were not offered regular drinks of water. Overall very disappointing trip which I am not planning to repeat.
  Have had great experiences flying premium economy with Cathay so am upset to hear they are cutting the services into Cairns. What is the logic behind this as to go with another airline we would have to fly to Brisbane. This will add an extra 6 hrs flying to our trip which is already very long to Europe. Always when we have flown with you previously the planes were full so why cut the service now. Hopefully another airline will pick up the slack. Extremely disappointed in a decision that no-one can give me a reason for. Guess you won't be getting my custom anytime soon. Great way to support loyal customers. Very, very disappointed. Plus couldn't find anyone local to discuss this.
  Hong Kong to Ho Chi Minh City. The average service I think. The cabin crews would like passengers to get some rest,so the meal service(all kinds) started as the seat belt sign turned off. The meal was great, as refreshment at night, especially the curry fish rice. But the crews, at first, said they would just provide tea or coffee when they cleared meal trays,as a result that they focused on it really after we finished the meals,without sparing space to provide hot beverage.
  Hong Kong to Brussels. Used to fly CX a lot when we lived in HK and was looking forward to flying their business class again. What a disappointment! Seats don’t seem as spacious and luxurious as before. The breakfast was tiny. All I got in the continental breakfast was a mini pastry, natural yogurt with a tiny bit of granola and fruit. There was butter but no bread to spread it on! No coffee refill. What happened to the lovely service where food was brought out on elegant carts with bread baskets offered several times? The toilets were also not business standard, more like a good economy. Flew Singapore Airlines out and their premium eco toilets were better than Cathay business. Very sad to see such a supreme airline lower their standard like that. Also the lounge at the airport was so overfilled the exclusive touch is completely lost. Poor food selection. Nice shower facility, though.
 Vancouver to New York. I hadn't flown with CX if a few years, so I was looking forward to their amazing hospitality, food, comfortable seats, and great service. Sadly, their food and outdated seats made it uncomfortable. Their meals service for this short-haul flight was worse than flying North-American airlines' business class. I know that this flight is late at night, but the meal was small and taste-less. The cabin crew were more concerned about turning off the cabin lights than to actually serve the customers. The seats on this particular plane were very outdated and needed refreshing. A few spots had the fabric torn-up. CX - I had faith in you. Where did the 5 star go?
  Hong Kong to Zurich. I was really disappointed by the quality of the food, the lack of service and by the cabin design. As a vegetarian I ordered the 3 types of vegetarian meals that Cathay and Cathay Dragon has to offer on my way in and on my way out. They were all terrible. I wanted a Bloody Mary and was offered a glass of water that stank chlorine at first and after reappearing myself I got a tomato juice and then asked for some vodka and finally had some salt and pepper. The boarding was a total mess. The service during the flight was non existant. My wife saw that they refilled some water bottles from the tap in the kitchen for thirsty customers. The toilets were never cleaned during the 12 hour flight. I do not understand how they still have 5 stars. They should have 2 or 3 stars. I flew with this company 3 years ago from Hong Kong to Toronto and the overall experience was OK. This is why I chose them to do this long flight trusting the 5 star report. Never again will I use this company. I would rather spend some more bucks and get a decent experience.
  Booked a last minute flight on a fifth freedom flight from Cathay Pacific between Bangkok and Singapore as they offered the cheapest tickets for me. I was not able to check in online and via check in counters received a seat with my girlfriend at one of the emergency exit which gave me tons of legroom, but no window to watch. Flight departed slightly late. IFE screens available and a good tasting meal was served en-route. Luggage took a very longtime to appear.
  Hong Kong to Bangkok. A great flying experience. The staff both on the ground and on the air were accommodating and caring. But there's a disappointment with the catering served inflight as the food was dull - if there's an improvement in the catering part, it will be perfect.
  In this trip, I bought Premium Economy class and HKG-JFK round trip, but when I reached the airport counter, the ground staff told me that my flight changed from CX840 to CX890, which is HKG-JFK changed to HKG-EWR as well as downgraded me to economy class when I reached the gate. The ground staff were friendly and helpful and gave me an appropriate compensation. They provide a comfortable economy seat and a superior entertainment system, so I'm still satisfied with Cathay Pacific after the changes and downgrade. When I came back from New York, they upgraded my seat to Business Class, which was a great experience. The funniest thing is that I bought the Premium Economy Class, but I never tried it for my round trip.
  I flew round trip with Cathay from New York to Bangkok with a layover in Hongkong which equates to 4 separate flights. In my opinion this airline is overrated. The one positive is the legroom is decent for economy. I'm 5'9" and my boyfriend is 6'3" and there was just enough space. However, the seat cushion was flimsy and did not have enough support. Customer service is subpar relative to other airlines I've flown on internationally i.e. Emirates, Eva Air, United. The food is barely edible. The flight attendants aren't as attentive. The plane seemed old, my audio for the TV wasn't working so they offered to move me to another seat but couldn't do the same for my boyfriend so we were separated. The seats were uncomfortable and the worst of all there is an odor from the bathroom that never subsides. Never again!
  Bangkok to Singapore. New Aircraft. Cabin okay but cabin crew not engaged, like in economy class. Bring food, need to ask salt and pepper. Did not bring any coffee after finishing the lunch. Food was similar to Economy. Overall very disappointed.
  Sydney to Hong Kong. The aircraft is old, cabin crew service was bad. Not sure why they are even a highly rated airline. Food quantity, quality and variety was appalling. Seats are not comfortable. Flight was delayed which has been a norm for this airline from Sydney to Hong Kong as per my experience. I fly this route often so I don't have much option VA, QF and CX so I sometime have to fly with them which isn't really pleasant. No Wifi. Return flight from HK to Sydney was even worse in terms of seating.
  I was blocked boarding by Cathy Pacific Airline (CPA) when taking connection flight even though it was still in process My first leg of my trip From Haikou to Hong Kong was delayed about 30 minutes. My second leg is from Hong Kong to San Francisco. Since the connection time is short, I was advised by a Cathay Pacific service person to check if there is a Cathay Pacific person hold the sign with next flight number when I get out of the corridor. If so, ask the person for help in the case of an urgent transfer to the new gate is needed. When I got out the corridor, I quickly found a man behind the CX892 sign. I asked him what the gate number is. He asked me to give him the boarding pass. After he checked, then quickly gave me another boarding pass and said you had been assigned to next airplane, CX872. It is five hours and fifty-five minutes delay from CX892. I asked to give me back the original boarding pass. He refused. There is another passenger got the same treatment after me. Our request and argument were rudely rejected We decide to go to the original gate anyway. When we arrived at the original gate, there were still about a dozen people in line for boarding. We asked to aboard this original plane. The service person said she can’t, but she called to ask. After a few minutes, she said we can’t. After the conversation, we noticed that the door was still open for couple minutes. I made a complain on Cathy Pacific’s web site. With more details mentioned above, we could arrive the new gate, at least 10 minutes before the door was closed, with our original boarding pass in hands, if we didn’t see the CPA person at the exit gate. Below is part of reply by a Customer Relations Executive of Cathay Pacific: “where we foresee that a passenger will not make it for the connecting flight, we will make alternative flight arrangement for the passenger. While I understand that you saw that the door for your original connecting flight was open and the boarding was still in process, as mentioned above you were already rebooked on another flight”. I simply trust the airline will accommodate if there is a short delay in the first leg. Don’t be so naive, there is a trap. Looks great on the paper, but there is a good chance that one will be reassigned to the next flight, especially when there are not many passengers take the same connection, as the Executive said, “a passenger”. If there are a dozen or more people have the same connection, will Cathay Pacific do the same thing? 
  Perth to Hong Kong. Very disappointed with the overall experience on this return trip. The service was very slow and there we several of us who missed out on meal options. There was also a lack of water in the cabin, staff were not very attentive. The seats are some of the most uncomfortable I have experienced, almost zero padding in the lower back, so if someone fills up the magazine space in the seat behind you, you certainly feel every little bump of it. Very disappointed.
  London to Taipei via Hong Kong. This was my first time flying Cathay Pacific after many years. Cathay used to be a very reliable and consistent airlines but it has gone downhill even in the business class.  The booking process was very smooth and the CX website was well designed (although they were doing system maintenance/upgrade before my trip and I was given confusing info). Airport check in for business class was  smooth in both London and Taipei. The Pier Lounge in Hong Kong is first class. Service was lacking but the facilities were one of the best. The CX lounge in Taipei is also very good. I like the A350 plane it was extremely quiet and comfortable; the business class seat offers great privacy and was very spacious unlike most other airlines in this configuration. onboard amenities (amenity kits and duvet) offered were really good quality. Unfortunately that's where the pros end. There are a lot of areas that Cathay will need to improve to make their business class passengers happy: First of all the cost cutting has gone too far. They have removed all the fresh flowers from the cabin and keep the toiletries in the lavatory to minimum. They also don't provide pajama and slippers to the passenger. I am not too bother about PJ but slippers should be the basic essential - most other airlines even offer that in economy. Secondly, I like the design of the new menu as it's more interesting and casual but the execution is badly done. Presentation of food was not great and food didn't taste nice at all. It feels like a economy class food placed on a better plate. Wine menu is also not impressive as they serve simply the cheapest supermarket wine. Service in the long haul flights was definitely short of expectation. Very minimal interaction with the passengers even in the day flight, and the service was very robotic with smile. For the night flight the service was non existing. Choice of movies is always very limited unless if you fancy Hong Kong movies. It is very strange as the service in short haul flight was slightly better. Overall if you can get a good price with CX and/or access to one of their flagship lounges then it's not a bad option; otherwise there are so many better Asian/European airlines that provide better service and software for the business class.
  Denpasar to Gatwick via Hong Kong With Emerald status check- in was speedy and efficient. The lounge Cathay use in DPS was abysmal, felt more like a foot massage salon, very poor.The seats on the A330 are far inferior to those on the the A350, I was lucky enough to change the seats to an exit. Crew on my side of the aisle were courteous, once again acknowledging my Emerald status, however on my friends side the attendant basically barked at her, and at Cathay they have a trend of screaming ‘mind your knees’ as they pull the cart up the aisle seemed very unprofessional. The Pier lounge at Hong Kong was outstanding. No Emerald recognition on the LGW sector, crew seemed very new and unsure of their role, I think Cathay’s more ‘Senior crew’ work in the premium cabins. I really don’t understand after 4 long sectors how this airline has reached 5 star status, it really is let down by poor inflight service. I would only recommend for the price paid for the ticket and the lounges in HKG.
  Gatwick to Denpasar via Hong Kong. Check- in staff at LGW were very efficient and friendly and as an Emerald one world card holder they managed to keep the middle seat empty between my friend and I. Onboard the A350 has to be my favourite aircraft, air feels fresher and Cathay has a light and airy economy cabin. Seat was great, comfortable with food legroom. The main meal was one of the best I’ve  had in an economy cabin and maybe in business. Where Cathay is let down is by the crew, while the senior crew member acknowledged my Emerald status, we did not see one pass of drinks (other than the first bar service) the entire 11 hours, really poor. Crew really lacked in any personality and were truly robotic and unengaging, except for one female attendant on the DPS leg. Flight price was fantastic and for only this reason I would fly again, but Cathay is nowhere near the standard of Singapore Airlines in any respect.
  Cebu to Hong Kong. This airline downgraded our redemption ticket for the second time from premium economy to economy. This is how they reward their loyal customers. They don’t even care how to make it up to you. Customer service is poor. Would not fly this airline again.
  Seoul To Hong Kong. This flight is 1 of 3 for my journey home to Sydney. The Ground team during check in were very helpful, checking my bag through to Australia as I had a separate ticket from Qantas. Security and Passport control was fast and efficient at Incheon leaving me a good amount of time to explore, eat and drink before my flight. The Cabin Crew were professional and polite, again adding Cathay's personal touch by greeting me personally as I was a One World Emerald. Catering on board was great, really delicious hot meals and dessert. IFE was decent, touch screen was hard to use but plenty of options to keep you entertained. Overall, a great experience from Cathay Pacific.
 Seat comfort: The new 3-4-3 seating installed in the B777 flying between Colombo and Hong Kong, and Hong Kong and San Francisco was quite uncomfortable for long haul flights. The leg room was very limited, and shoulders were constantly touching the person seated next to me. Economy class had very narrow aisles so that flight attendants had to move all the way back to allow people if they had to cross a service trolley. Meals: Meal service was quite OK, and they served me a Hindu meal as requested. Entertainment: The refurbished aircrafts have large LED screens which are quite bright, and the collection was reasonably big.
  Hong Kong to Bangkok. An 8pm flight is reschedule to 8.20pm notification via email. Queue opened at 7.50pm but boarding has not started until 8.17pm. When asked of announcement at 8.10pm, the staffs indifferently replied they have not received any confirmation by the pilot. After advising they should do something to manage to the expectation of the queues full of passengers, they declined and repeated the same thing, and challenged to write a complaint. So this corresponds to their request. Entering the cabin, the inflight manager could not answer the approximate arrival time - needed to repeat the same question and insisted the answer before take-off for communication reasons. Otherwise, I wouldn't think the Cathay staffs are care enough of their on-time performance. A couple of apologies only follows after all the repeated requests and questions. Cabin service ok but it is off-set with the inefficient, lack - communication and reckless ground staff.
  Hong Kong to Seoul. Though the flight departed at an inconvenient time (in my opinion), it was a decent offering from Cathay. As I was in transiting in Hong Kong for 7 hours, it was a relief once we were on our way to Seoul. The Cabin Crew were polite and professional, looking out to assist customers wherever possible. Being a One World Emerald, The Customer Service Manager came and greeted herself and then I was offered some amenities for the flight, socks and eyes masks, a very nice touch. As I was very tired by now, I decided to sleep as much as possible rather than eat or use the IFE. The flight arrived early into Seoul, another bonus. Overall, looking forward to my next Cathay Pacific experience.
 Manila to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific Airways. The flight attendants were very friendly and attentive to all our needs. Although the food is not as great as this is a short haul flight, the entire flight was enjoyable.
  Newark to Hong Kong. This is the airline with the worst customer service that we have ever experienced. We were travelling to attend a wedding. We drove 3 hours to the airport with no indication of the airline being delayed or diverted. After parking and arrived at the departure hall, we were approached by the crew members that our flight has been diverted to Toronto due to weather. We were asked to wait for further information. We arrived around 10:00 pm with departure time at 1:30 am. After 1.5 hour wait, we were told the flight has been canceled and we were to call the numbers on the sheet of paper that we were handed out. We were appalled! There are around 10 CX uniformed employees there and were not doing any re-booking or issuing any vouchers or do anything but to tell us to call and keep calling. Of course we couldn't get through. After trying for a while with no success, we decided to drive back as there was no point waiting at the airport since no one could help us there. Couldn't get through until 3 am in the morning and they said there are no flights available for us to reach our destination on time. We had to cancel and still waiting to see if we can get refunded. Called my family to convey the bad news to them. Our kids were extremely disappointed as they were supposed to be the flower girl and boy. We had a luggage of kids favor to hand out at the wedding as well. Our family had to seek alternatives last minute. I cannot believe it with my own eyes that this is happening. We were left stranded and had to seek our own solutions. The cost of the ticket is not even a budget airline and the service is beyond unimaginable. We will never ever take Cathay again. This is such an unforgettable painful experience.
  Hong Kong to London. First time trying out the new style dining with a newspaper style menu. I like the way in which the menu is specific to the route. There were more food options which is always nice. The food presentation was excellent and far better than the old style food brought on the trolley. I liked the idea you could choose one of the mid flight snacks as lighter meal instead of the main meal. The only thing I didn't like was that the cheese course was now an alternative to the dessert rather than before it being a course in itself. So you could only have one or the other rather than both. The IFE software has been upgraded to the new style system seen on the A350, which I love. However the hardware is still old and found the screen resolution not great and unable to cope at times with the higher resolution films with blocky pictures. One other thing that needs to change is the awful fragrance (or lack of) on the hot towels - please, please Cathay address this! I also noted that dispite being a Gold tier Marco Polo member i didnt get the customary hello from the inflight service manager. This has happened a few times with Cathay. Apart from that a great flight.
  Newark to Hong Kong. Booked flight in October 2018. Arrived to airport with plenty of time, after verifying flight status. After a half hour wait ground staff went around distributing a flier with phone numbers in Hong Kong and Vancouver. It was 11:30 at night (CX 899 scheduled departure was 1:30 am).. We were informed the flight was cancelled because of operational reasons, we were requested to go home and contact the phone numbers after  9 in the morning. Ground staff would not do rebooking nor issue hotel vouchers or airline vouchers to switch carriers. I have never in 30 years of travel seen an airline drop their customers and ask them to fend for themselves. Our repeated calls to their service centers have led to long wait times and no answers. We ended cancelling our travel plans (hotels,cars and flights) and are trying to recover our costs.
  Sydney to Zurich via Hong Kong. The crews on both flights were fantastic. They went our of their way to make the flights a pleasure. I ordered a special meal and it was delicious. The seat was comfortable and the duvets warm. I cannot say much about the entertainment system because I was listening only to classical and jazz music. I flew Cathay before and had high expectations. They were met.
  Hong Kong to Mumbai. I was not allowed to carry my guitar in cabin by Cathay Pacific crew during check in. I was told to check-in guitar, which I did not want to as guitar would be broken or have scratch. I had previously flew with guitar in more than 6 aircraft companies, they were really friendly and never stopped in from carrying guitar. I had a really bad experience in Hong Kong airport. Crew in airport were not friendly and were laughing speaking in there language after telling that they can not allow me to take guitar, as if it was fun for them. I did not feel good and did not want to pay to this people so left my guitar which had been my best friend from past 6 year. I would suggest not to take this airline if carrying guitar. And especially from Hong Kong. 
 I've been flying Cathay Pacific London to Hong Kong and back for nearly ten years now. Here's why. I started off flying Virgin because I'd already accumulated air miles with them and the price was right. However I soon found out that their airline staff are overworked and tired, food was mediocre and, worst of all, I still couldn't acquire enough points to get into the Business Lounge despite frequent flying. A quick calculation showed that if I joined Marco Polo club I'd go Silver after a few flights and I would get to book extra legroom seats free of charge with the advantage of extra luggage allowance plus being able to check in and queue for the flight using Business Class. No brainer then! Over nearly a decade Cathay have kept up their good service on-board. It seems like the airline staff can't do enough for you, including serving snacks and noodles and drinks throughout the flight. Meals are good (and much better when they upgrade me to Premium Economy or Business which happens when the flight is full), the entertainment system is excellent and the extra legroom seat option is a bonus. Having said that, relatively recent changes to the seating has resulted in less padded seats with a recline method that is uncomfortable, making it difficult to sleep, so deduct a star for that. Overall I'll continue to fly Cathay simply because the staff make a 12hr journey so much more pleasant than many other airlines.
  Osaka to Hong Kong. Service was impeccable. Crew was friendly with nice food and beverage served. Ground service was smooth even the flight was almost full, in the economy cabin. Punctuality was great. The flight arrived ahead of schedule. However, the cabin was not look new and the cabin light was too moody.
  Hong Kong to San Francisco. I am typing this on the flight. Today's experience has not been great. Many disappointments from the check-in counter and now on the flight. We are flying with an infant. While I appreciate the airline is giving priority to passenger with infant or special needs there are still quite a few things lacking to the overall service. Instead of a long write up, below is a list of things we have encountered so far. Assistant at the check-in counter is impatient. Speak so low and unclear. She let off when she found out our stroller is one piece instead of two because she printed two baggage claim tickets for the stroller. Promised baby food before take-off never arrives. Flight attendant is not apologetic when closing the overhead baggage compartment loudly on top of our sleeping baby. Overhead compartment has two large green/flat bags belong to the airline. We are lucky to fit all our small bags there. Typical hand carry baggage definitely won't fit. A passenger sitting not far from us dropped his food tray and made a mess. The same flight attendant (a guy) walked by twice without even offering help. That is terrible. In general, all attendants seem to be very busy doing their "thing". I am not seeing customer service/care in my recent flights with CX anymore. I have been flying mostly with CX for years. It is sad to see their customer service going down.
  This was the return leg of BA reward flight to Kuala Lumpur. As is possible BA route you on difficult legs from time to time and so I accepted the KUL-HKG-LHR routing very reluctantly. I am reviewing Hong Kong to London here. The plane took off 15 minutes late from HKG with a further 30 minutes on the apron for some reason. Cabin crew asked what we wanted for dinner and I made a choice and also made a request for a cocktail and although they had the ingredients for Negroni the attendant said she couldn't make one. I said I'd make it but she also told me they do not offer drinks in miniature bottles. I changed the order to a large Bloody Mary. In very short order they started laying the dinner table and I reminded her that I wanted a drink. This took some 25 minutes to arrive with 4 cabin crew talking in a group (perhaps working out how to make it). It was clear that I was not getting a second. No nuts were offered although my partner opposite was given some. My meal arrived - some very nice stir fried fish. There was no starter no salt or pepper. I was told starters were optional and I should have asked for one. This was the salad I didn't get. I asked for a glass of wine. The male attendant said he would get the wine list. I mean they only offer 4. I said the first bottle you come to. I got a glass of white. He said it's sauvignon blanc by the way. I didn't hear him and asked him what he had said (I'm 75 - I'm a little deaf - it happens). He told me how sorry he was that his accent was difficult to understand.  Odd comment. No pudding was offered but I asked for one and got an ice cream. The staff was borderline polite but everyone was going to sleep and quickly. I got up for a lavatory break. They were in use. "The clue, said one of the young ladies ,is that if the sign says they're in use, they are". The point of the detail is to illustrate that they didn't care. I will not use them again. 2 stars and reflects the thousands of GBP I had to spend to obtain the necessary avios to purchase this flight.
  Toronto to Manila via Hong Kong. Worst flying experience ever. 6 hour delay on the ground with an absolutely miserable, unfriendly, unhelpful crew. Followed up by the "surprise" that we cant go Toronto to Hong Kong to Manila. After 6 hours stuck on the plane before being able to even take off, now I get to travel to Tokyo for no reason. Then Hong Kong, and if I'm lucky enough not to have any more surprises I will eventually land in manila after over 30 hours of air travel. After 6 hours of being stuck the crew tried to prevent me from using the bathroom! When I went, I was confronted in my seat by the head flight attendant who refused to give her name and tried to intimidate and threaten me into "apologizing in front of everybody" or she suggested they would declare me unruly and take further action! I refused and told them they should apologize to their customers! I never want to experience anything like this again. This is not a "top tier airline".
  Bangkok to San Francisco via Hong Kong. I am normally impressed with the service and family-friendliness of airlines in Asia (compared with US airlines), however, we had a terrible experience traveling with a child on Cathay Pacific. When I booked my flight, I confirmed on the phone with Cathay that we could use our car seat in the aircraft (we purchased a separate seat/ticket for our almost 2-yr-old). On our first flight, they would not let us bring the car seat onto the plane, even just to try and see if it would fit. The new B777 configuration has narrow seats in a 3-4-3 layout. On our long haul flight from Hong Kong to San Francisco, I had to really persuade the staff to even let us bring the car seat on. They argued and kept saying that it probably would not fit. Of course, it fit just fine on the A350 and with our active toddler was essential in enabling him to sleep on the 12-hour flight. Ground staff members were remarkably rude and unhelpful (again, very non-typical for Asia-based airlines, which generally have friendly service). Our first flight was delayed two hours, so we called the airline and switched to an earlier flight. We rushed to airport to make it on time, only to sit on the plane in the engineering bay for almost three hours as they worked on an engine issue. The crew did very little to make this experience more enjoyable (water, snacks, perhaps?). Our carry-ons were well under the maximum allowable, and yet since our toddler can't carry his own, it was a struggle to haul things into the plane. We asked if the staff could help and they snipped back at us - you have to be able to manage all of your luggage. (Yes, I understand that, but our two-year-old, who has his own seat/ticket and luggage, cannot carry his own. Also, we have to carry him, so that limits what we can carry). Can we make exceptions for families with young children and help them out a little? I cannot recommend Cathay to any families with young children. Thai Airways, Korean Air and ANA are all excellent and I will continue to recommend them.
 I haven't been flying with Cathay Pacific for over 8 years, so I thought I'd give them a try again, this time on the brand new A350 premium economy. CX uses Changi T4, which is a very modern and chic terminal, in comparison to T1 and T2. It was very impressive from check in counters, the super modern immigration and interior design. Boarding was orderly and departure on time. The A350 is truly a modern aircraft, it's noticeably quieter and up to date technologies available throughout the aircraft such as wifi, touch screen TV etc. The PE sets are laid out in 2x4x2, and is relatively more spacious with ample leg room and good seat pitch. In terms of hardware, CX did very well this time. Software wise (food and service), it was rather mediocre. Crew did not look welcoming, nor happy to be there. It was streets behind their competitor on this same route Singapore airlines. For PE, we are served economy class meal, portion are noticeably smaller than many years ago, plastic cutlery, no salt, pepper sachet and toothpicks provided, it's by request only, all scream to me big cost-cutting. Presentation, portion and taste of food was rather bland, at least we were offered a cup of Hagen Diaz ice cream to finish off the meal. The load was very full, crew were efficient to go through their duties, but there's no charm or smile at all. The good old days when flying with CX was an amazing experience was truly long gone. I bought this one way ticket last minute at a much cheaper rate than SQ. Had I prepared more ahead of time, it's back to Singapore airlines for me.
  Hong Kong to Newark. Almost everything was wrong with my business class flight.  Hard product, seat and IFE were excellent. Ground staff were disinterested. Flight crew were robotic, unsmiling and inefficient. The flight left at 6:30 pm ,yet there was no cocktail/drink service. 10 minutes after seatbelt sign went off a tray of lettuce and unappealing prociutto was put in front of me cafeteria style (supposedly this flight had new CX meal service but it did not). I asked for a drink which elicited "then you are not joining us for dinner?", the drink was served, no napkin, no coaster. Nothing was pro-active at any time. I had to asked for second drink, I had to ask to get entree  altho I should not have bothered) which was not even up to coach standards- and no salt or pepper which requires a special request now on CX as it is not served with any of their meals. Dinner service was over 1 hr after flight departed - crew disappeared,no water, drinks, snacks left out in galley - I was told that they do not do that because turbulence could cause it to fall. I have never heard of this. I had to get up several times to ask for water. Bathrooms were shockingly not kept clean and were already barely equipped with amenities. At no time was debris cleared from my seat area - I actually had to bring it to galley. The flight was only 40% full and yet everything was a huge burden on the business class FA's who made no attempt to address me by name.  Cathay has rolled over and given up. I would never waste miles or money on this service again, 100% disappointed, disillusioned and truly shocked at what they passed off as tranPacific Business class.
 Vancouver to New York JFK. I boarded the second leg of the flight that had originated in Hong Kong. Despite inclement weather across much of the northern part of the continent, the aircraft arrived on time in Vancouver and pushed back on schedule. However, because of the need to de-ice the aircraft, take off was delayed and we reached New York nearly 45 minutes late. This was an overnight flight. Basic in-flight service was provided. A supper with three options was served at about at midnight, soon after take off. I had no appetite and passed on the meal. Before landing early in the morning, nothing was served, no water, juice or coffee. It would seem that given the timings of the flight, most people would have boarded having had dinner and even continuing passengers from Hong Kong could have been fed before landing in Vancouver. Best if they offered light, late night snacks and served a very light breakfast instead. The seat was okay, the flight attendants attentive, the airplane reasonably tidy. A flight attendant briskly walked down the aisle once holding the duty free catalog but with no expectation of sales and neither did they occur! I should also point out that passengers on this flight to the U.S. are not pre-cleared by US immigration and customs unlike other flights. The Cathay Pacific flight departs from D concourse and because of the lateness of the hour, the convenience of pre-clearance is not available for this flight. I printed out my boarding pass from a machine in the main departure hall. In short, I was glad it was a non-stop flight but in-flight service offered nothing memorable.
  Adelaide to Chiang Mai via Hong Kong. When arriving at the airport the boarding pass ticketing machine would not give me a pass so a supervisor tried to help me, but couldn't get it to work either. After a fifteen minute delay I was informed that I could not fly seeing I did not have a visa to Thailand. I told her that flying on a European passport, you don't need a visa. She went to check this and , after around another fifteen minutes, told me that I was right but still could not fly seeing I did not have a return ticket. I showed her my travel agents confirmation letter of my booking and she went away to check this only to return twenty minutes later to tell me that they had found it. Then off to the check in counter to pay for my extra baggage, twelve kg in all. I was told that this would be AUS$646. I pointed out that the website states:  twelve dollars per kg. They told me that this was only if you pre booked it but myself had tried to do this, my travel agent tried even the Cathay Pacific rep tried but we simply could not do this over the internet. It also states on the CP website: Take more with you for a modest fee and Pre- paid extra lugage enjoy a 20% discount. Now I thought $12 per kg is modest but USD 40 over the top. I was told they could help me, I asked how?, and was told leave some baggage here. Of course this was not possible I needed my lugage. After a long discussion I simply gave up and paid. On my arrival in Chiang Mai I found the carousel littered with my goods, the suitcase had been torn.  The airport staff helped me gathering my belongings and I went to report this. I was assured they would try to fix it and yes, after a seven week wait, it was fixed. I contacted Cathay Pacific and they offered me a one hundred dollar voucher as a gesture of their goodwill - I am not happy and want a partial refund.
  Hong Kong to Sydney. Disgraceful service attitude and total lack of quality customer focus. Website and App had several broken links. Logins required several attempts to register and even then required re-logins midway. Was only able to select seat 48 hours before takeoff unless willing to pay unrealistic markups on specially reserved seats. Overtly complex categorisation of seats which really seemed like unfocused experimental marketing than of real benefit. Ground service equally over categorised into not checked, checked but no boarding pass and then bag drop. At the gate there was no phone charge socket nor seating so again I had to sit at another gate further up. Onboard I had to put my bag into a compartment several rows ahead of my designated slot due to bad design. There was only a single usb for phone charging and it had a loose connection. My seat also felt like it was not screwed on right. I found plastic wrapper and used chocolates tucked into my seat pocket. The crew was most unwelcome not a single smile and very poor communication skills and quite pushy. Very little information provided in the moving map. Food quality and quantity was poor and was wrapped in excessive amounts of wasteful plastic which even then was not enough to stop it from leaking. Boring magazine offered and no good music. Food and beverages were tightly rationed and service stopped some 2 hours before landing. It took 10 minutes on one occasion before the fasten seat belt sign went on for turbulence. Once landing it took them 10 minutes to turn the lights on so people could see. Flight arrived late. Bags even later and were covered in scratches. The only time the cabin crew were seen to be quick was when they were collecting their bags from the carousel.
 Cathay Pacific operates this once a day flight between Hong Kong and JFK New York with a stopover in Vancouver. This is the only non-stop service on this route. This being a true long-haul flight, the plane is designed to travel all the way to HKG. Twin aisles. 3-3-3 seating, lots of in-cabin baggage space, very large collection of films and other entrainment on the personal TV screens, sufficient leg space, pillows and blankets, and complimentary food and alcoholic beverages with a menu card. And there was duty free shopping! No North American carrier matches this level of offering on this route. The fares are very competitive. On my flight, there were lots of empty seats and attendants encouraged us to move to empty rows to stretch out for some winks. A dinner was served with three entree choices including a vegetarian dish. The food was basic - unmemorable. Cabin lights were turned off for this late night flight. Cabin was kept clean. Flight attendants efficient. English announcements by lead in-flight crew was difficult to understand because of accent. The departure was delayed because of late arrival of inbound aircraft. Initial gate assigned was changed from one concourse to another. Public information displays did not reflect changed times and gates causing customers to scramble from one end to another. New departure time was also not updated. These indifferent ground services indicated a callous disregard for the satisfaction of the customers. I ended up visiting three different gates.
  Kaohsiung to London via Hong Kong. The plane was delayed because of a connecting flight but, I really liked the service. The staff were awesome and super friendly even though I could tell they were a little stressed because of the volume of people failing to observe safety protocols. The selection of food was awesome and the flight was smooth and enjoyable!
  Tokyo to Hong Kong. First time flying with Cathay Pacific. My flight was 30 minutes delayed and was longer than expected because of strong wind in the south of Fuji mountain. We have been notified about the delay few minutes before embarquement and also in the plane. The seats were really comfortable and large, I even thought I was in premium economy. Food was good but nothing exceptional. Ground staff and inflight staff are really professional, smiling and friendly. It was a pleasure to fly with Cathay Pacific.
  Cape Town to Jakarta via Hong Kong. I always held Cathay in high regard as one of the world's premier airlines. I have flown with them on 4 occasions in the past 2 years and have been satisfied, however on my trip last week I was quite shocked by how far standards have dropped. The main thing that stood out for me was just how cold and rude the cabin crew were. All service was robotic. On the Cape Town - Hong Kong sector one of the flight attendants barked orders to a passenger and then made sarcastic comments under his breath as the passenger moved away. Later in the flight the same crew member could be heard mumbling after a passenger asked for water in the middle of the flight. Part of the problem here is that the crew made zero drinks runs during the 13 hour flight apart from those served with the meals. Obviously this will increase the number of passenger requests for drinks. When I went to the rear galley at the halfway point of the flight to ask for noodles (offered on the menu as a mid flight snack) this same flight attendant told me to "ask someone else because I am going to rest now." On the Hong Kong - Jakarta flight (4 hours 30 flight, so no shortage of time for a single meal service) the crew were in such a hurry to get the meal service done that they were not offering the passengers a meal choice. They just said - "you will have option X, OK?" I just said yes because I was so startled by the rudeness. Unfortunately I have to fly Cathay Denpasar - Hong Kong - Johannesburg again next month, but that will be the last time for sure.
  Hong Kong to Los Angeles. The worst travel experience we ever had. Our flight was delayed and missed connecting flights. So, we had to go through several transits prior to the final destination. They mishandled luggages and we got them after 2 days. At the moment we’re on our way back to LAX and the flights are delayed for hours upon hours. I won’t recommend this airline for anyone. Please avoid this airline. Will never fly with Cathay again.
  Cebu to Mebourne via Hong Kong. Poor communicator and can’t keep to a schedule - delays upon delays. Unmanned service desks and but for one CSO, the rest were appalling. I get that delays and stuff happen, that’s cool - just communicate.
  Hong Kong to Milan. The premium economy cabin has not much difference with the economy. The seats cannot recline much. However, the soft product was really good. The supper was well served and there was a great selection of snacks. Breakfast was awesome with western and Chinese options. Cabin crew was attentive and they served beverage quite frequently. They were very friendly and with good manner.
  In Cambodia we were told that we weren’t sit together on the connection flight we informed them that my wife was a nervous flyer and we needed to sit together we were told we could sought it out in Hong Kong. We got to Hong Kong and went to the help desk we where told point blank they could not help us. When climbing on the plane we found that a Son and mother where sitting on each side of my wife and the husband was sitting next to me in a different row. So much money spent on planes and they can’t even get the basics right, bad on you Cathy Pacific
  BNE-HKG-BNE, December and January with Cathay Pacific Airways. Unable to choose seats at booking, or later on, except by paying exorbitant fees, where almost all seat selections were blocked. No value in that. Seat selection at online check-in, has more choices (?!) and is free. Bag drop not open until 1/2 hour after check-in at airport counter! Makes no sense and bag drop line very long and slow. Flight delayed for an hour, with no announcement, until 10 min after scheduled time. Seats on A350 thin and uncomfortable. I felt every bump and push from the passenger behind me. The entertainment system was frustrating to use, touch screen not responsive, requiring multiple swipes to make it work. Content was average. The food was dreadful, bland, with an odd texture. As for the breakfast, who knows what the liquid sloshing in the bottom of the tray was. Announcements by cabin staff on HKG-BNE flight difficult to understand (if at all), with pauses and stumbling over words, not proffessional. I had thought Cathay Pacific was a quality airline, and was not impressed. I've had better on "low cost" airlines.
 Sydney to London via Hong Kong. "What has happened to Cathay??" How can a traditional high standard service provider come apart so easily? We have been decade long supporters of this airline flying up to twice a year, both regionally and long haul and we notice standards are clearly falling. Early 2018 for the first time we lost a day in Taipei trying to correct Cathay's internal fight scheduling system error on a reserved return flight from Taipei to Sydney to ensure we actually had a return flight. Separately and for the first time we were bumped off a longstanding confirmed mid morning departure (no explanation) Sydney to London into a much earlier flight which caused us ongoing difficulties. Also don't expect much at Gatwick Airport Departures because there is next to nothing by way of assistance. To add insult to injury the airline has recently changed the Economy Reservations process where you now have to pay for a more expensive ticket to continue to reserve your seat with them which represents a sizeable fare increase for many clients and something their cheaper direct rivals simply dont do. They say that you can wait up until 48 hours before departure to apply for a seat on the lower fare but most if not all flights are fully booked well ahead these days so thats just word games for people wanting certainty and anyone who travels knows it. As a rule we already pay more to fly Cathay so the recent seat reservation initiative by them represents no more than a thinly disguised grab for additional revenue and is a very unfortunate decision by them.
  
Los Angeles to Hong Kong. Its been a few years since I've flown Cathay and I didnt want to believe from friends that Cathay has gone downhill over the years until I experienced it first hand today. The ground staff in LAX were very helpful and courteous. The flight attendants were rude to me. Seems like they dont even want to be there and are force to serve customers. My FA shoved dinner tray at me, and not a smile on their faces. I had a child meal which was served first then adult meals came 15 minutes later, I asked the FA to bust the kids tray so I can have room to eat but she refused. So I had to stack 2 trays on my table. At HKG airport the info desk was also very rude. I'm schedule to board in one hr but still no gate assignment it's normal for me to ask. The clerk just rudely told me there is nothing and tell me to check back later.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Oh dear. What has happened to Cathay? Late departure, poor food quality, old aircraft really don't measure up to its previous well deserved status as one of the world's top airlines. Staff on board are still very polite, attentive and efficient, but it's obvious that corners are being cut to help the bottom line.
  Hong Kong to Bangkok. The inordinate delay of CX701 on 20 January (3 hours) for a flight that is shorter than that was not mitigated by the falling standards of Cathay, both in aircraft, food on board etc. Neither was it helped by an overcrowded CX lounge at the Wing, which had to cope with several other delayed flights to Jakarta, Tokyo, LA etc. On top of that, announcements about all these delays was almost inaudible in the lounge, with poor annunciation, and low volume, so that most of the time they were pointless. The levels of food and refreshments in the lounge were quite frankly dire. On board the service was its expected politeness and efficiency, but the quality of the food was really below standard, such that I have never previously experienced.
  Seoul Incheon to Hong Kong. Seats was big, long haul seats in regional routes. Meals well served with desserts and appetiser in this 3 hour flight, with ice cream and seasonal fruits. Cabin crew was nice and friendly. However, the entertainment system was quite outdated.
  Downgraded without compensation. Flight from Hong Kong to Ho Chi Minh is going tomorrow. Short before flight they downgraded me from premium economy to economy due to overbooking. Two calls and no compensation offered. Only telling can happen they cannot do anything. Payed more to get less. I expected a bit more although I am a Oneworld silver member.
 Tired planes, food not great - gluten free food was disgusting. Travelled with my wife from Auckland to London return, so 4 business class flights in total for each of us. The Boeing 777 planes were old, tired and uncomfortable, however on the last leg we had an A350 which was much better. Inflight entertainment was poor, the amount of recent films was quite limited. Staff were friendly and efficient. Food for me was not bad, however on one leg the prawns were still frozen. For my wife who is gluten free the food was very limited and quite disgusting. Gluten free gets no choice of food even in business class. One meal was boiled fish, which was overcooked and had no seasoning, often starters were just plain salads and dessert was just ice cream. The worst one was a breakfast which was baked beans, tomatoe and spinach. It seems like gluten free is considered an afterthought on this airline. Even the staff agreed that it was not very good, and that they get many many complaints from gluten free passengers. They asked us to complain as they said the airline did not listen to feedback from staff, only from customers. As such apart from this review we will also make an official complaint. The crazy thing is that this airline is Hong Kong based. Having visited Hong Kong many times we know that Hong Kong has some of the best gluten free food options in the world. Maybe the chef that designs Cathay's menu needs to visit there and try the current gluten free menu on the flight!
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. I'm pleased to be served by staff who tried to serve passengers as best as they can. The seat is spectacular, the meal was very well presented, and I also had one of the signature drinks, Cloud Nine. It was the first time having to try that, and it was fantastic. The cabin crew were really nice and professional. For the inflight entertainment they have a great variety of movies, TV shows, music playlists and so on. However, one suggestion was that it would be better to make a facelift on the products as it seems a little bit old. It would also be better to have inflight Wi-Fi service and the camera view on all the A330 fleets. 
  This review is based on my future travel in February 2019. Already am disappointed. I successfully once logged in in December 2018 and tried to arrange my seat. At that time there was nothing available unless you pay extra to reserve some economy seat in advance in the front part of the plane. All I want is just an isle seat no matter if it is in the very rear section. They block all others economy seats and "force" you to pay for certain seat. So I came back in January 2019 and tried my luck but You can't seem to find your booking because the website keeps showing there is an error no matter how many times you try. It showed your booking doesn't exist.Now the only option I have is to wait for the day and ask for the check in crew help at the airport. Hopefully the aisle seat still available. 
  Bangalore to San Francisco via Hong Kong. The crew on Cathay Pacific/Cathay Dragon on Jan 4, 2019 was extremely rude. I have travelled Cathay before, and had issues on the food they serve, but never with the crew onboard. This is the first time, and I was very surprised with their behavior. On the flight from BLR to HKG, the air-hostess asked me my meal preference, and when I asked what they served ( a menu card was not provided), she simply moved on to the next passenger. I had to ask her again, and she sighed and showed me something scribbled on a piece of paper. On the flight from HKG to SFO, I had a bad cough and needed hot water, and the seat belt sign was on, so could not walk up to them. When I pressed on the crew button, they would turn it off and not respond. I had to press the button couple more times before someone came by. Finally a air-hostess showed up with her hands folded and a stern look, and before asking me what I needed, instructed me to turn off the light. I did and asked her politely if I could get some hot water, she said it will take some time. I said that's fine, and she sighed and walked away. I was not sure if I would get it or not. After about 20 min, she got me the water. After that I did not ask for water again. Later during the flight, I pressed on the button again to get some cup-noodles (could not walk up as the seat belt sign was on). Again the same experience, the air-hostess ordered me to turn off the light and told me that it will take 15 min to get the noodles and told me not to press the button again. I am a very patient person, and always give people benefit of doubt before jumping to conclusion (a person may be having a bad day), but this was too much to handle! Will I fly Cathay again? I will look for other options first and will pick Cathay if its the only best option available.
 Had a return flight from Jakarta to Hong Kong for New Year getaway on CX 770 and return with CX 797. I feel that this airline need improvement on their FA services to passenger in terms of hospitality on serving the customer. They are lack of smiles and work like robot. Beside that I notice the cabin services for the same routes are not standardize. On CX770 CGK-HKG they only serves breakfast, while on CX797 HKG-CGK they serve dinner, distribute peanuts and Haagen Daz Ice Cream etc. The A330 seat is not comfortable, however the A350 is excellent. Another disappointment is the check in process, I cant do my online check in for CX797 that result I have separate seats with my kids, We are traveling with 4 person and each if us seats on different row. The ground staff only says apologize due to system error etc, without solving my problem. It seems that there level of service is not as good as before and for sure Cathay needs improvements.
  Chennai to San Francisco via Hong Kong.  A flight attendant wouldn't serve me properly with refreshments and juice and wouldn't pickup the used trays/cups - even though she served the seats next to me. It was irritating and I had to bring up the issue with the on-flight manager.  I had ordered Vegetarian Jain Meal (Special Meal request). There were 2 meals on the trip. The 1st meal was okay. But After reporting the issue the food that was offered to me was horrible.  I ended up just skipping my 2nd meal All in all - this was a horrible experience flying with Cathay.
  Hong Kong to Melbourne return with Cathay, we had one Business Class ticket for myself and Economy tickets for my wife and for our two daughters (2 and 4 years old). First bad experience that we had was that we could not get into any lounge while being in Hong Kong not even with paying for my wife and my kids.  Anyway we got over the impoliteness at the Cathay Lounge quickly but the main issues then was the flight to MEL on Dec-3. My wife was sitting in Economy with the girls and when one of them fell asleep I took our youngest on my seat. The cabin crew said I was not able to keep my sleeping two year old daughter who didn’t bother anyone with me in business class.  I finally had to bring her back to my wife after the stewardess harassing me. At some stage on the flight I wanted to give my wife a rest and we swapped seats so she could have a decent sleep and I was staying with the kids. Another melt-down by the employee who told us that this is not possible and my wife needed to return to her seat.  We did not ask for any extra food or services it was mainly so she could get some rest. We tried to ignore the reasoning as much as possible. At some stage the flight attendant even came and told me that she has informed the captain about it. Again none of us was rude or anything. We just changed seats for some hours. The experience was just below standards and me as well as my wife got very upset about it. This experience however was not nice at all.
 I was lucky getting upgraded on both legs of the journey. It’s great to be a Oneworld Platinum member. Flight was on the gorgeous new A350-1000 with the reverse herringbone configuration. Seat is on par with Qatar, but better designed and more comfortable than Singapore Airlines new business class seat. Service was impeccable with decent food and drinks. Return flight was delayed by 3h due to a faulty external power supply unit BKK airport. Delay was handled in an organized manner without causing stress to pax. Overall a great package.
 I flew with Cathay in 2017 India to US and loved them. I flew again in 2018 and I hated them. Service is poor and food was mediocre at the best. I flew from Chicago To India. Will never fly with them again. We were 3 people with a special meal plan, my 3 year old child was denied an ice cream as “special meals” do not allow for ice cream when there were many regular meal passengers who did not take an ice cream - meaning they had many ice creams in stock. One of the passengers was kind enough to give her ice cream to my son. Also there were many other bad incidents that happened during the flight. Staff was rude, we had 3 special meals and the air hostess brings 2, I informed her of another and she was rude in her response saying she had only 2 hands, this is rude and poor service. I will never again fly Cathay, I am highly disappointed with them. 
  Newark to Singapore via Hong Kong. I fly CX every year on this trek back to Singapore from NJ and its very consistent. Boarding at Newark delayed by an hour due to a baggage issue but we did land right on time in HKG. The cabin crew were upbeat, warm and welcoming. They were pleasant, smiling and working efficiently throughout the flight. The meal service seemed slow but maybe had more to do with not having enough crew onboard to work such a large economy cabin. The meals onboard were the biggest disappointment. Portions seemed even smaller than before and the quality of both meals was certainly not up to par. Rice was dry and clumpy and the beef with it, overdone and lacked enough sauce. No salt and pepper sachets either. There is virtually no difference between the meals served on the long haul to the shorter medium haul sector to Singapore. The saving grace was the midflight snack bar that I stumbled on when I ventured to the back and to the opposite aisle. Good selection and better quality than the meals themselves, sadly. The seat on the A350 is probably one of the most comfortable, barring the seat back issue - which has been brought up here. Good cushioning, back support and legroom. The IFE screen was sharp, responsive and the selection a tad disappointing with insufficient newer films and I feel a better way to filter or sort the films available according to genre etc, would make selection easier. I loved the Tail and belly cams and the Moving Map was great. The toilets onboard seemed to be showing a surprising amount of wear for a 2 year old plane and the sinks in the 3 toilets I used, didn't drain properly with water remaining for a while. Announcements from the cockpit were informative and cheery for both legs and cabin crew announcements were clear. I think CX has a solid product - they just need to seriously up the ante on the economy food situation and expand the IFE a bit more.
  Chicago to Manila via Hong Kong. Worst flight experience. My boyfriend and I were thrown up on by a toddler sitting behind us for the last 7 hours of our 16 hour flight. When I asked if we could move seats we were told no because the available seats cost more than the seats we paid to fly in. In what world is it acceptable to expect a customer to sit in front of a child getting sick for 7 hours when there are other available seats? I was told I would be contacted after our flight by customer service regarding this matter and still have not received a call. I’ve sent 3 emails and sat on hold for an hour trying to speak to someone. Finally got through to an agent just to be told someone from customer service would call me back.
  Brisbane to London via Hong Kong. A terrible airline, I missed my flight due to a mix up with midnight timings. I asked if I could speak to a Manager to get my ticket changed. But because I booked through a travel agent in the UK, they suggested I should call them because they couldn’t help me as I didn’t book with them directly.  So after speaking to my UK travel agent, I asked if there was a spare seat on the flight to which he said we are fully booked. He suggested I come back tomorrow and book a seat. So I went to the Flight Centre at Brisbane Airport who were very helpful and said there were spare seats, so they booked me on my original flight at a cost of $1,260the lady at the Flight Centre called to see if she could book me on an earlier connection from Hong Kong to Heathrow which Cathay Pacific had agreed, so I went to the customer service desk where the manager was really rather rude and unhelpful, her colleague said that they there was a technical error as to why he couldn’t change my connecting flight. I certainly won’t be flying them again. Do yourself a favour and don’t use this airline terrible customer service.
  Rome to Melbourne via Hong Kong. Seats are comfortable except for the usual complaints of backs being thin and passengers disturbing you with each move. But I found the service terrible, it surprised me, as I have flown with Cathay a few times. On my first leg, Rome - HK, drinks and food took over an hour before serving, no pre meal drinks service and then my meal was luke warm, in fact one side of it was cold?. Anyway it was uneatable. All very rushed with no extra offer of wine or even coffee. Breakfast terrible , HK - Melbourne, the same but this time nothing served till nearly 2 hours into the flight which left at 00,15, I as well as other passengers had to ask for some water. Then food again rushed, sort of very un professional , mine this time was so hot, I had to wait for it to cool a little. Drinks trolley came at least 10 mins after the meal service. and no extra drinks or coffee. Breakfast again , not good. It seemed the staff were in training or, or. Not sure if I would consider Cathay again. I like flying to Europe, twice a year via HK or Singapore but usually take Turkish Airlines from Asia, such a great experience with well trained staff and very good food.
  Hong Kong to Shanghai. On time departure, lovely crew and overall good service onboard and on the ground. Lovely lounge in Hong Kong and in general good value for money. I would not hesitate flying with them again.
  Chennai to San Francisco via Hong Kong. Extremely disappointed with Cathay's check in process. The person at the check in counter straight out lied to me about the carry on baggage allowance and said that only one piece was allowed, when online, it says very clearly that there is one piece allowed + a laptop bag for under the seat, and force me to check in my carry on, even after I told him that I'd flown one way with the same baggage. He wouldn't put any priority tags on the baggage, even though I told him there was important paper work in it. On top of that he gave me a slip saying that Cathay was not responsible for any lost baggage(!) as the flights are operated by different carriers (also a lie - both the flights from and to HKG are through Cathay only). I will not be flying Cathay again until they train their representatives to be more honest.
  Washington to Hong Kong. An excellent flight, we boarded the flight late at night and took off ten minutes later than schedule but with nice tail winds we arrived an hour early. The seats where superb designed by Porsche to give maximum comfort, the entertainment system was amazing with a great mixture of box office hits and some classics, the food was good, I loved the leek soup and unfortunately I could not get the continental breakfast but no one can deliver perfection. The WiFi was very good provided by Panasonic and was quite reliable.
 Nagoya to Taipei. Check in process was quite slow due to a very full loadings. We could access the Japan Airlines lounge in Nagoya Airport, but the lounge was relatively small and lacking food choices compare to other international hubs. However, the inflight service was excellent. I was surprised they offered 3 different food choices in a 2 hours flight. Drinks menu was attractive as well. The seats was not fully reclineable but it was still good for a regional flight.
  Zürich to Manila via Hong Kong. Not the best experience, the staff is quite rude and totally ignored me. On my flight in and back I had to ask a couple of times for a bottle of water. The flight attendant completely ignored me and asked the girl who was sitting next to me if she wanted to eat and drink something, but did not ask me the question. I have never seen that, very poor service. The food is not great either and does not have good options. Overall disappointed and I will never fly with this airline again.
 On my way back from Fiji via Auckland, I flew Cathay Pacific non-stop from HKG to LHR, a flight of nearly 13 hours! A few weeks ago I had flown the route in reverse. The aircraft was a Boeing 777-300ER with a seat configuration of 3+3+3. The leg room was good but not too good for a long flight like this. In-flight entertainment was so good that I did not get bored or restless. The flight was smooth and comfortable and there was no queue for the toilets. Cabin service was good with good food and drinks but sitting in the very last row of seats (72E) I could not help noticing that the staff were chatting away most of the time. That gets a low rating from me.
  Dubai to Manila via Hong Kong. Terrible service. I found the staff at the check in area (specially the one who checked me in) very rude and obnoxious. They talk to us like we are not customers and it feels like they are doing us a favor. I had excess baggage and I get that, either I pay or remove the extra kilos. So I tried to remove all the extra kilos, I came back then the lady checked me in said she has to weigh my hand carry (it was a small backpack with my passport and wallet, then one obnoxious lady interjected and said “Is that your hand carry,? Why you didn’t declare it, she already asked you (refering to the crew who is checking me in) if you have any hand carry?. Before I even start to answer her (which she don’t try to let me) she already said a lot of stuff, and then I answered her that “The crew didn’t ask me about that, she just ask me to put my backpack on the weighing scale”, she don’t really want me to explain and I told her I didn’t know carry on must be weighed too, and if i try to hide it I will not let my sister hold it near me”. I don’t wanna argue with her because I don’t think she will understand what I am saying. I ended up leaving my cabin Trolley to my sister which only had my laptop, go pro and dslr) (9KG my backpck and my cabin trolley). So I had to put it all in my check in luggage. I had travelled many airlines before and I had never experienced what I had experienced in Cathay Pacific. I will never fly with Cathay Pacific anymore. Service from Hong Kong to Manila was not as bad as what i have experienced in Dubai.  Seat comfort is not bad. Meal quality was okay and meal and drink service was good. Entertainment facilities are great.
  Hong Kong to Singapore. The Pier First Class Lounge in Hong Kong was beautiful and food was excellent. The showers were clean and well stocked with amenities. On the aircraft the staff were exceptionally friendly, and took care of you. The aircraft was new and felt nearly unused. The seat was beautifully decorated and the finish was a massive step up from their product on the A330 and 777. The seat was massive and the amount of personal space and privacy was unrivaled by other business classes I’ve flown. The seat was very comfortable, and I slept very well on this early morning flight. The inflight entertainment system was new and responsive, and selection of movies and TV shows was incredible. The food was excellent but was not spectacular- as a short morning flight the selection of food and drink was not massive. The flight arrived a few minutes late and because of this, I missed my connecting flight with EVA Air to Seoul, via Taipei. However, the staff took care of this, and in less than half an hour had booked me on to a Cathay Pacific flight to Seoul via Hong Kong. The incredibly friendly and helpful ground staff truly saved my trip and deserved incredible praise for their hard work. This flight was with points.
  London to Hong Kong. Great airline to fly. It was a long time since I flew the and the service was still good. This is a long flight and comfort was essential as was the boredom. The seat pitch was adequate for my 6ft height but could do better. The seating was 3x3x3 but felt slightly cramped for a  long flight. In-flight entertainment was very good and stopped me from becoming restless. The hostesses were charming and the food and drink services were good.
  Superb service on both flights. They seemed happy to serve and did not have the fake smile. Food good as far as airline food goes. Snacks served during flight from JNB-HKG. Was dreading the 10 abreast seating on B777 and even though the seat is a little narrower, I found the seat cushion comfortable. Head rest also good. The toilets were clean. Overall a very good experience. The HKG-BKK flight was also excellent. Friendly and engaging crew. Good breakfast served. No complaints. Highly recommended.
  Hong Kong to Amsterdam. We had bought tickets months in advance and booked seats for our trip Amsterdam-Phuket. Just before departure however, the allocated seats for the return journey on October 21, 2018 for Hong Kong-Amsterdam were changed from row 18 to row 20, directly behind the pantry, next to a toilet and frequently used cabinets, particularly bad places for a night flight! The proximity of the pantry was no guarantee for a good service, on the contrary. On departure there was a delay of 20 minutes. We had a clear view in the pantry and saw that passengers in the "front" part of the business class were offered a second preflight drink. Not for the part where we were, we were ignored by the cabin crew. When serving the meal, I was probably the last passenger in the plane to get my pork with cold noodles. For the sake of clarity, because we flew several times with Cathay Pacific, I became a member of the Marco Polo club, silver member now. This loyalty is apparently one-sided because at home I filed a complaint and received an automated message that one of the employees of the Customer Relations Department would contact me within 10 days. This has not yet happened, not even to mention that the complaint handling takes longer, nothing. I think this is a shameful way to deal with your customers. The only reason the assessment is moderate and not bad is due to the circumstance that on the Phuket-Hong Kong route we experienced good service with sister company Cathay Dragon.
  I would like to make all potential Cathay Pacific customers aware of the embarrassing and rude customer service my husband and I  received from a Cathay Pacific Customer Service Representative at the Hong Kong airport. We are on our way back from our honeymoon which original route was from USA to Hong Kong to Bangkok. The inflight experience is excellent at Cathay - unfortunately that is where that service and experience stops. We were mocked and spoken poorly about right in front of our faces and in front of other passengers for presenting our business class lounge ticket that was for “post departure” between our 11 hour layover from Bangkok. We had originally booked premium economy and were upgraded to business for the short flight (BKK to HKG). When they did this the check in attendant gave us passes to the lounge for when we arrive in Hong Kong, which was very helpful since we landed at 10:50 and don’t depart until 9:30 the next morning. This was never honored. Instead, we have been waiting in the airport and finally went to the lounge when it opened at 5:30am and were turned away because our flight that got in last night at 10:50 was only good for the lounge until midnight (about 1 hour), when our flight to America leaves at 9am. The representative stopped us from going in the lounge and did not do it in a nice way at all. No recommendation on where to go, no sympathy for us waiting around all night to finally get into the lounge. The saddest part of it all, is the demeanor and attitude change as soon as she saw my American passport. She and her friend immediately started talking and laughing in another language. This was very uncomfortable. This has been a horrible experience overall starting off with our bags being lost and never leaving the USA when we started our honeymoon travels in Bangkok. We had to go looking for clothes around Bangkok for the first half of the day since we were without any luggage. I think the biggest fear of two newlyweds on the other side of the country with oversize baggage (that I paid $150usd to cover for) showed up with 0 bags. Needless to say, the experience has been on edge and not relaxing whatsoever due to all of the mishaps. The inflight team is wonderful and makes sure you are taken care of, if only the Cathay Pacific team was all well-verses in how to take care of two customers that have chosen to travel around the world with them.
  Manchester to Hong Kong. The best airline, I have been flying with them for last pass four year and the service on board are just great. Lounges are great and staff are pleasing. On board the business class seat are great - 1x2x1 is the best layout.
 Despite Cathay Pacific being more expensive than Air Canada (on average), I opted for Cathay Pacific on the grounds that they had the midnight flight to Vancouver - this ultimately means that I am able to maximize the amount of time that I have at my destination. Historically, I would’ve told you that Cathay Pacific provides a superior service, but nowadays, it’s roughly the same as it’s competitors. They have more attentive flight attendants and better IFE choices, but that’s about it. The food is okay, but I feel that Air Canada has better food, and despite having wider seats than the former, I still find that Air Canada seats and the cabin as a whole feel more comfy (maybe it’s all the mood lighting). CX888 still operates the 777-300ER exclusively, and while I love 777s, Cathay decided against installing wifi on them. I do applaud Cathay’s commitment to cabin cleanliness - I don’t get any nasty surprises by taking my shoes of or putting my bag on the floor, and they do provide plenty of bathrooms for people. To date, Cathay is still the only airline where I can walk over to the galley and get whatever unhealthy snacks and beverages I want without anyone raising an eyebrow, so that’s nice too, but otherwise if you have some time to spend, and you are operating on a tight budget, the Cathay experience is no longer a distinguishing feature for the airline. I for one would pick the cheaper option whenever feasible - the experience isn’t all that different anyway.
 
Hong Kong to Osaka. The journey started off with a visit to "The Wing" one of Cathay's First Class Lounges for breakfast and relaxation. The flight was an 8am departure, but Check-In was not opened until 5.30am even though there were earlier flights departing with hardly any Cathy personnel around to assist. Being a One World Emerald member it does make the Airport experience much smoother. It's great to see priority boarding enforced and an on time departure to my next holiday destination. The Cabin Crew were outstanding, very hospitable and welcoming. I was even greeted personally by the Supervisor and Cabin Manager thanking me for flying with One World. Since it was Breakfast, the meal was average but did taste very good. Lastly, my absolute favourite part was the new plane model, and from seat comfort to IFE, everything was new and Fresh.
  Hong Kong to Washington. One of the best flight experiences, wonderful herringbone seats and amazing entertainment system with excellent choices of movies, TV and live TV. An amazing array of choices for dinner - I choose the Wok Fried Halibut which was wonderful. The flight was at night with late night arrival at IAD .
  New York to Hong Kong, a very relaxing flight. Check in was a breeze though boarding was a crowded affair at a gate where space was cramped. Flight attendants were efficient, courteous, and warm. The angled lie flat herring boned patterned 1-2-1 seating offered ample space, comfort and privacy - I had a window seat. A huge collection of films. A fine collection of wines and spirits, food menu mostly with a Chinese flavor. At the galley a spread of snacks. Hot towels were distributed several times during the flight and toilets were kept tidy. The amenities kit was basic and have not changed in years. 
  Beijing to Hong Kong. A330-300 flight was near full.  Cabin crew at aircraft door welcome passengers. This aircraft is fitted with the new IFE which offer wide selection of movies and music. Breakfast was served, the quality is slightly better than some other airlines in China, but plenty room of improvement. They have seemingly has reduced the portion on the meal tray. In flight service was efficient. 

  Dubai to Bahrain trip booked for later in October 2018.  It has been quite some time since I have spoken to a customer service agent with much ease, and to be responded to in the kind and very helpful manner as she did was refreshing. My matter was resolved respectfully. 
  Seoul Incheon to Hong Kong in November 2017. Seoul Airport check in is convenient. A330-300 was deployed for this route. The flight announcement was made in English and Korean. This aircraft comes with the newer generation of CX studio. In flight entertainment with a wide selection of movies and songs are available and the 3D flight map. Breakfast was served followed by hot beverages. The standard of the in flight catering is slightly better in view of the catering was uploaded from Seoul. The flight was enjoyable. A big applause to the dedicated cabin crew.
  Hong Kong to Ho Chi Minh City. 3-4-3 seat layout in economy class is too much, the seats are ridiculous tight. I must say the food is below the industry average. I will try to avoid this airline, even though I have flown Cathay for few years
  Hong Kong to Shanghai Pudong in October 2017. Having arrived from Kota Kinabalu on Cathay Dragon, I was informed my flight KA896 to Shanghai Pudong had been cancelled. A new flight had been arranged for me flying on board Cathay Pacific instead. A330-300 is fitted with the older hard shell seat and IFE.  The quality of the In flight catering above average. Hot meal is a served and complemented with Haagen Dazs ice cream. As the load for this flight was light, the cabin service was fast. I spent remaining of the flight time watching movie and listening to music. 
  Hong Kong to Seoul Incheon in 2017. The ground staff allowed me to check in despite that it was 5.5 hours before departure. A330-300  was quite full but it did not hamper the cabin crew effort to maintain high level of service. Peanuts and cold beverages were served. Meal was served approximately 30 minutes after take off followed by hot beverages. This aircraft is fitted with the newer version CX studio. There are wide selection of entertainment, movies and music on board. The 3D flight map is also available. As it is a flight bound for Seoul, Korea, the airline assigned Korean speaking crew. Overall in flight service is above average, though a little more attention can be focus on the in flight catering,
  Taipei to Hong Kong. At the time of booking was originally operated by the A350-900. I was shocked of the last minute change, it was replaced by A330-300 instead. Boarding was in a systematic row by row order, priority given to passengers with special needs.  Simple hot meal is available on this short sector flight. The quality of the meal is below average. Nonetheless, I am very impressed with the responsiveness of the cabin crew, the service was quick, thus allow us time to have sufficient to rest. Overall flight journey is average. I hope the management look into the new way to improve the in flight catering.
  Taipei to Hong Kong in March 2018. I was originally booked on CX468 which departed 21:55 but due to the late arrival of Cathay Dragon incoming flight and subsequently delay in KA749 in departure, the airline re arrange this last flight to Taipei for me. Being a Marco Polo green member, I took advantage of the fast track lane to board. Anold B777-300 with hard shell seating for this flight. Flight crew are not as friendly as other flight I had flown with CX. I was surprise when I took a photo of the cabin, the flight purser approached me that photo is not allowed in the cabin. Hot meal is not available on this flight. The cabin crew were seen rushing with the distribution of paper pack which contains savoury pastry, cookies and a pack of ice lemon tea. Very little interaction in between the flight attendant and passengers. Cathay Pacific's product seemingly lack of consistency recently.
  Hong Kong to Dubai. Business class seat was very comfortable, amenity was provided, food was tasty and IFE with a wide selection. Cabin crew addressed me by my name, beverage was offered and this time they had chocolate box treat. The cabin crew recommended her favorite variety and it was indeed very good.
 Manila to Hong Kong. Quick short visit to Hong Kong. Flying with Cathay Pacific's brand new Airbus A350-900 on this route (CX918). Checkin in at Manila Internation Airport Terminal 3 was quick and efficient. Out of all airlines flying to and from Manila, Cathay Pacific has the most efficient ground service and handling despite its multiple flights in and out of Manila. Cathay Pacific has recently opened their brand new lounge at the new-ish terminal a few years ago. It had every component that the lounge offers at their Hong Kong lounges minus the showers. Food selection was great as was drinks. Boarding was quick and efficient, doors were closed on time and left the gate on time. Upon boarding, the first thing I noticed was the brand new plane smell and the flight attendant's warmth and friendliness. The seats were brand new, cabin was very clean and very spacious. As soon as I sat down on my seat, I immediately noticed how wide the seats were and how generous the leg room was. The IFE was also their new Stuio CX which offered live TV and Wi-Fi connectivity. Only being a two hour flight, the crew swung into action giving snack bags which contained a biscuit, juice box and a pastry - which to me personally is more than enough for a very short flight despite what others moan and whinge about in here comparing CX's meal service to Philippine Airlines who serve full meal. I personally am not a binge eater and couldn't careless about whether an airline serves a full meal in economy class or not. The snack bag was delicious and more than enough for the entire duration of the flight. After the meal services, the cabin crew again came offering second rounds of drinks. They were all very friendly, warm and chatty. Overall, despite what others have said and complained about Cathay Pacific's service going downhill, having flown with them over 13 times over the last 18 months, I find their service to be outstanding and highly consistent living up to their reputation of being a 5* premium airline. Over the last year, I have flown with other 5* airlines - Qatar Airways and Singapore Airlines and both do not even come close to the service Cathay Pacific offers. Overall, if I had the opportunity to swith loyalties from British Airways Executive Club to Cathay Pacific Marco Polo Club, I will in a heart beat but the downside is the difficulty of gaining oneworld status with Cathay Pacific. As oneworld sapphire, I get the same service their own frequent flyer gets which to me is more than enough. To sum up, Cathay Pacific offers an outstanding and consistent ground and inflight service alongside having the friendliest, consisten, humble and warm flight attendants.
 Flew NYC/JFK to Hong Kong and onward to Kuala Lumpur. Traveling with Cathay is the way flying should always be, especially for a 15-hour flight. The food was excellent, offering Western and Asian choices, with ice cream for dessert, and snacks/drinks, including beer/wine/gin/whisky, were readily available throughout the flights. There were tons of movies and music cds to choose from, a decent amount of legroom, and friendly and courteous staff actually providing service with a smile. Wish flying were always like this.
  Hong Kong to Melbourne. I am writing to complain about the terrible experience that I had on this flight. The seats were more cramped than China Southern Airlines, with which I have flown in the past.  The staff only spoke English and not Mandarin Chinese, despite the flight being full of Chinese people. The flight was delayed on the tarmac for three hours, while a fault was investigated. During this time all passengers were crammed into their seats and forced to wait. No food was provided. The cabin was redolent with the smell of aviation gas. Surely it would have been better to let people alight the aircraft while the fault was fixed. The Cathay Pacific brand used to carry some air of quality and distinction in my mind, but no more! Now I consider it to be a cheap junk budget airline that does nothing but disappoint. We will not be flying with Cathay Pacific again, and we will tell all our friends not to as well.
  Surabaya to Seoul via Hong Kong. I have flown using Cathay Pacific few times before. Generally their ground staffs were good, but their Surabaya staff were quite unprofessional. I already check in online. Then, when I arrived, before entering the queue, one staff asked my full name and recorded it in some paper (well, that weird, but ok). Secondly, since I told the other staff that I already did self check in, this guy told me to go to bag-drop line, and since one counter was empty, he said I should go there. But the lady said I have to queue (but there was only me in that line. But still, I waited). After few minutes, that lady called me and asked me if I was in business class, which I wasn't. She said this was for business, but duh, the other guy directed me there and it's said in the entrance "all passage/bag drop". Reluctantly, she did my baggage. And turned out, the plane was delayed. In original schedule I should arrived in my destination at 9 PM, but with new schedule I would arrive the next day in the morning. No reason given why it's late. Ok, whatever. I went to the departure gate. No one there. But when I went to the toilet one of staff (either the airport's or cathay's) accosted and forced me to follow her to another check points (I already put my bag through two scanners by this time) to check if there's sharp object, power banks, etc. This check point wasn't there when I passed, no sign, whatsoever. Their tardiness wasn't my fault! But by the tone of this woman's you would think otherwise. I didn't mind if she asked nicely, not in the condescending way she did, and in proper place, not in the toilet of all place. She asked for my passport, and then took it with her while I stood there, washing my hands.  No one should be treated this way.
  Hong Kong to Surabaya. Good seat, nice staff, very nice talking captain. The only problem was the food. I asked for the fish and (to say it nice) it was different, from what I'm used.  But still I would fly CX again.
  Melbourne to Los Angeles via Hong Kong. Hope you never get a delay with this airline. The customer service approach to resolving a dispute is pathetic, just a zero care factor among the ground staff. I’m $100s of dollars out of pocket for choosing this airline on top of the extra amount paid by them not being the cheapest provider out there. If you pay for a cheap airline you expect a cheap response, but I didn’t expect this with Cathay pacific.
 This is the first time I have flown Cathay business class in many years. I have flown business class many times from Asia to the US on other carriers, but I had some One World miles soon expiring, so I decided to try Cathay. I was not disappointed. They have a very good time schedule from Bangkok to New York. As I arrived at the airport in Bangkok, I was notified my flight was going to be 1.5 hours late. This would make a tight connection in Hong Kong (less than an hour). I requested a change to an earlier flight which they happily accommodated - very good service! The staff on both flights were great, friendly, well trained, personalized service. The food was very good. IFE had a wide selection with good quality noise cancelling headphones. Both flights were on 777's. The regional flight BKK/HKG was the old model business class 2x2x2 with angled seats - comfortable enough for a 2.5 hr flight. The second leg, HKG/JFK (almost 16 hours) was on the new 777 long range version of business class 1x2x1. All individual pods, all with direct aisle access. The pods are on par with the best in the industry, lots of storage space, comfortable lie flat bed, large television screen, both electrical and USB outlets for charging, Ipad & iPhone USB interface to the television screen so you can watch your own programs on the big screen, good quality comforter. I was able to sleep uninterrupted for 8 hours on the long flight. All-in-all a great flight. Highly recommend.
  Zurich to Hong Kong. The flight departed punctually. Ground service was professionally done. The aircraft was a 777-300 which was a bit older than the other long haul fleet and I was not really a fan of this aircraft. The seats are okay but not that comfortable. Headrest support was not strong enough. However, the service and food were above standards, even in economy class. Ice cream was served as dessert and fresh fruit and cup noodles were also available between meals. Crew were friendly and hardworking. The flight arrived earlier than schedule. Would fly them again even the price was slightly higher than other airlines.
  Manila to Nagoya via Hong Kong. Haven’t flown with this airline for more than three years. They still offer exceptional service, the cabin is now more spacious with the new aircraft, including its seat legroom. The movies though are quite limited with more dramas which is quite boring.
  Very short space for the legs, especially in the longest route from Rome to Hong Kong. Horrible food, I’m vegetarian and chose the vegan meal, but all the snacks were full of milk (I’m lactose intolerant). For breakfast we received food that people eat for supper: for me mushroom and lentils, my husband chicken and pasta. In the return journey, in Hong Kong, we had 2 hours of delay to wait for 40 passengers of another flight, and although we had been traveling for 8 hours (Osaka to Hong Kong to Rome) we did not receive any assistance, not even a bottle of water. I think I will not travel again with Cathay.
  Los Angeles to Okinawa via Hong Kong. My first time to fly Cathay Pacific.  Flight was on time, aircraft was clean. Seating was comfortable. Food was ok, not that fantastic but ok. In flight Entertainment was awesome, lots of choices. Crew were very pleasant. I would fly Cathay Pacific again anytime, however the air fares are quite pricey. There are other airlines with the same service and yet have better air fares. The service agents at Okinawa airport are very helpful. We had to check in excess luggage and the agent helped us pack another box, no hassle. My husband also ordered a Bloody Mary, not enough booze on it, just a lot of tomato juice. 
  New York to Hong Kong. Boarding for economy was rather confusing. While the announcer stated that those with seats in rows 59-72 could board, another agent instructed me and others who had seats in these rows to join a queue that did not move. (Then why did the first agent instruct us to board?) Onboard service was very good, but the meals served fell a little short of the standard one would expect from Cathay. The chicken with mashed potatoes was edible, but uninspiring, while the beef congee was too watered down. Neither meal came with condiments such as salt and pepper. Was that due to cutbacks?  I've flown Cathay many times now, but this flight was not its best.
  I booked "premium" economy after reviewing the amenities on the website and discussing them with a live agent. (Wait time on the telephone was over 1 hr both times I called!) The flights from JFK - Hong Kong - Siem Reap were fine and the amenities, provided. The flights from Ho Chi Minh to Hong Kong to JFK were awful. Cathay had a delay which caused me to miss my connecting flight. I was promised an upgrade by the gate agent because of the long wait I would have to endure. Upon arrival in Hong Kong, I was denied the upgrade and moved from my window seat to a center seat in the row of 5 seats. After much arguing, they miraculously found a window seat for me. They offered to provide a car in NY to transport me home which, after waiting an hour, they reneged on. However, the most disturbing issue is the advertising of amenities in "premium" economy: calf rests at the seat, separate check in and boarding lines and a champagne welcome. None of the amenities were provided. Other than being wider, the seat was no different than flying regular economy. The lines to check in and board were ridiculous and service aboard was awful. Attempts at resolving these issues have been met with a stubborn refusal to acknowledge that they did not provide a "premium" experience. Airline has no concern for customer satisfaction. I would never fly them again and certainly, do not recommend spending so much more money for "premium" when they don't deliver the product as advertised.
  Gatwick to Melbourne via Hong Kong. Pleased with Gatwick on lunchtime departure. Just check for South Terminal at F Gate, Nice casual boarding [unlike the demeaning line up and wait at Hong Kong]. Cabin staff always welcoming and helpful. Every seat taken - seems a Cathay method. Typically a polite crowd to travel with, majority Chinese, a few Australians and British. I had a low calorie meal on order, so got served maybe 30 minutes ahead of others and by personal delivery. Out of Gatwick the main was delicious fish - very good even if no choice and no menu. Captain message as usual on this airline was English name and well spoken. I rate this airline for having British pilots - gives me confidence in basic skills and also the ability to communicate clearly in the event of difficulties. I told myself the A350 has been in service on this route for over a year, and is used intensively, flying into Gatwick after 11 hours from HK and ready to return at lunchtime. The Cathay themed seats in aqua green are starting to look tired, as also the furniture in the toilets [Try liifting the lid and some stain on the rim]. I require several breaks from sitting as I rarely get to sleep. So I found a small space near the aft toilet where I could pass 30 minutes doing easy knee and toe exercises without being hassled by the crew. [This used to be easier on the 747 with its extra space]. The allocation of toilets was just ok, I counted five located midway and aft. The nice thing about the A350 is that it is not carrying huge numbers, easier to manage. The meals are only average, lacking some extras such as hand towel and block of real cheese. Wine [red or white] comes in a plastic glass - gone is the mini bottle. On boarding, there is no welcome juice or hot towel. The seats feel spacious but are short on supportive cushioning. I actually bolster the seat with the blanket and pillow to support low spine and thighs. The choice of movies is good but falls short of the Qatar Airways range. I enjoy checking the route out over Lowestoft and north to Denmark and the baltic states before an amazing great circle route over Russia through to China. I enjoy the live video cams showing take off and landing. Fortunately daytime on transit in Hong Kong Airport [It is depressingly closed there on night time transits] found a western style breakfast cafe. But kept wishing it was Singapore with its fantastic restaurants. From there Cathay lost points by transferring us to a tired looking B777ER and lining us up like cheap people for 30 minutes before boarding. They could do this much better. Deperture 30 minutes late was not made up. On attempted touch down in Melbourne [shown on video] the pilot aborted landing at the last moment and took off for another attempt. He blamed cross winds for this but I suspect the speed and decline were out of sync. Arrived 4 minutes late turning 11.05 pm. Just one thing to remember, on arrival at Gatwick the Cathay gate is very remote and there are no airport toilets for that sudden need, for maybe 20 minutes hard walking. Impression, love the airline its helpful crew and the route but will have to compare Qatar on price and miss the comfort of Singapore Airport. Disappointed by the B777ER on the Melbourne leg.
  Toronto to Colombo via Hong Kong. My flight to Hong Kong from Toronto was cancelled and the next possible flight was given after two days. When assigning accommodation, they only gave us one voucher saying it’s for all four members in my family. But when we reached the hotel, they refused to arrange the necessary rooms for us saying that we have not gotten the proper vouchers. We have been held up at the airport for more than 8hrs being business class passengers they do not give us any priority. The staff is very unprofessional and do not know how to handle a situation as such. Very disappointed in the service and will never use this airline to fly again.
  Manila to Delhi via Hong Kong. Flight was delayed because of unavoidable reasons at airport but the management of the situation was so unprofessional. I spent more than 15 hrs at manila airport without any intimation of flight orany resting lounge. Inflight they said sorry we don't have anything vegetarian food on board. Again waited for 15 hrs at Hong Kong airport with same amazing facilities. The flight that was scheduled for 15 hrs took almost 40 hrs and rude attitude of staff. Never expected such a unpleasant flying experience.
  Hong Kong to London. Excellent flight with friendly professional cabin crew . In flight entertainment system was large selection of Movies and entertainment, large selection of duty free and do accept verity Of method check or credit card. Service sequence was well organized. I would recommend Cathay Pacific. 
  In August 2018, I flew Cathay Pacific from Vancouver to Johannesburg via Hong Kong in Economy Class My return trip used the same route but on Premium Economy. Departure time was delayed, food was average, perhaps because I ordered a special meal (Moslem meal). On both outbound and inbound trips, I was served food with lack of politeness. I had the impression that I was being sort of punished for ordering a special meal: I was once denied bread, my claim for coffee many times ignored. However, I refrained from complaining.  Seats were fair on Economy and very good on Premium Economy. No particular complaint over seats.  Inflight entertainment was excellent. Being a Marco Polo Green member didn’t really give me the kind of treatment I was expecting. Above all I was struck by the rudeness of stewardess I dealt with on both outbound and inbound flights.
  Auckland to Gatwick return via Hong Kong and really enjoyed my experience. The crew knew how to treat customers remembering their names. It took two flights to get to London and two flights to return home and only one flight I felt uncomfortable, but it was an older plane. I loved that each plane that we were on had charging points for electronics. Would definitely fly long haul with them again.
  Bangkok to Vancouver via Hong Kong. On-board experience was very good. The new economy seat was well designed. I love the individual storage of the new eco seat. The small hard pocket under the display for smartphone and power bank. There also an electric socket for plug-in the laptop for fast charging via wall charge adapter. Entertainment system was good. It was not excellent but enough. Foods were good for both of dinner and breakfast. Crews were helpful and nice. Alert and ready for service all the time. Cathay's crews are energetic and helpful. Transit via Hong Kong airport is the perfect choice,  easy, smooth and convenient. 
 Sydney to Hong Kong. Very enjoyable experience flying with Cathay Pacific, I fly often with other airlines and can say that Cathay economy is superior to many other airlines flying this route. There is surprisingly plenty of legroom in economy class and seats are quite decent and comfortable with USB charging and places to put your things. The check-in process in Sydney was fast and staff were friendly, although the booking class I booked did not entitle me to pre-book seats at time of purchasing flights, I was able to choose seats a couple of days before when on-line check in opened. On board staff were also friendly and efficient, food served was tasty and there were a few options to choose from and staff went through the aisles often enough to provide drinks when needed. The only downside (if any) was a slightly limited offering of movies and TV shows on the inflight entertainment. This was the first leg of four with Cathay Pacific and looking forward to flying with them again.
  Sydney to Hong Kong. I spent just 20% more for premium economy compare to a basic economy ticket. Compare to economy the airline offered better seats, food and service. There was a dedicated check in counter for premium passengers. Seats can recline more and the meal was more better than the economy product. Also, a small amenity kit was also available. However, I don’t like the lighting in the 777 which makes the cabin look a bit worn out.
 Comfortable and very easy flight from Bangkok to Hong Kong in the new Airbus 350-900 of Cathay Pacific. Crew and food has the same high and outstanding standard one gets form Cathay Pacific in older Jets like the 777. In addition the Airbus 350 has more new gadgets then the "old" 777 and has WiFi etc. The seats look similar to the one in the Boeing aircraft, but the bed seems less comfortable and more tight then the old ones. Similar experiences with Thai and Qatar Airways where the Dreamliner has more comfort for the passenger then the Airbus 350.
 Smooth and easy flight from Zurich to Hong Kong in the 777 ER without any problem but some nice surprises. The seat (single seats at the window) is very comfortable and the bed is very long and wide as well. The food is fresh with a lot of quality and has an interesting mix of Western and Chinese Food. The Entertainment system has a lot of choices and a variety of western and Asian movies and music, culture, etc. One positive surprise is the always friendly and very competent airline crew. The staff in charge addressed me by name, which is a very personal touch. The crew does not mind to go the extra mile for the passenger, and always with a smile. (What a difference to Emirates, where the staff even in First cannot remember one's name.) The 777 has an airy feeling and a lot of space; some of the bathrooms are very spacious, and all of them are aways clean, they must be cleaned regularly by staff. The business class product of Cathay is for years now one of the best in the industry, if not the best. This outstanding business class product is miles above the one of their competitors from the Middle East such as Emirates or Qatar Airways.
  Hong Kong to Sydney. The aircraft for this flight was the new ten across seating. I have flown on a number of airlines with 777 with ten across but none were as dire as Cathay Pacific. It was by far the worst seat I have experienced on a long haul flight (even by 777 ten across standards it is tight). The leg room is poor as well and the seat looks really cheap as well. I have to say no low cost carrier treats it's passengers with the contempt Cathay Pacific does. I can't think of any airline out of Sydney who has seats even remotely as cramped.
  Hong Kong to Adelaide. The flight was on time and smooth. The seat was spacious which I can stretch my leg fully though I am 6 feet tall. Really appreciate the meal service which provides a nice Thai style salad as the appetiser with a Malay curry chicken as main. Dessert was impressive, with cheese cakes and chocolate bars. Amenities Kit was also provided with branded body care products. Only pain point was the lacking of internet connectivity.
  I recently flew Dubai to Auckland via Hong Kong return and was very disappointed with the service. Traveling long haul, I figured it would be worth the extra money to go with a good airline so paid significantly more than competing airlines. Not so! The airline ran out of meals (except for fish) so gave me and a number of other guests a pot noodle snack. They also ran out of chicken and vegetarian meals on the first leg of the trip, even though we were seated in the middle rather than towards the back of the plane. Very poor planning and organization it seems since this seems to be a consistent issue. Although the food was pretty decent to be fair. My bag didn’t make the second leg of the journey despite a 15 hour layover (plenty of time). I’d been in the same clothes for 2 days and was given nothing, not even a toothbrush. I literally had the clothes on my back and travelling from 45 degrees celcius to 12 degrees, I was very, very cold! On the return journey, my husband wasn’t travelling due to a sudden death in the family. Having paid over US $3000 for the flight, I figured at least I’d have an empty seat beside me. I explained this upon check in and was told that they would be re-selling the seat which they did. I hadn’t given due notice to the cancellation due to the circumstance so I wouldn’t be getting any refund or compensation. They didn’t even upgrade me to Premium Economy or Business and there were empty seats. The customer service was astoundingly poor. “Please” and “thank you” we’re rarely reciprocated. When handing out meals, “coming through, coming through, coming through” was belted out and the attendants barged through the aisle. Moral of the story, you don’t always get what you pay for. The point of this review; choose a cheaper airline! I’ve travelled on budget airlines that offer a far superior service and have much better customer service. This is not the rant of someone who expects a stellar service and everything to be pristine. The poor service was consistent on the 4 flights I’ve taken in the last couple of weeks with Cathay Pacific. As a frequent flyer (I’ve flown to a number of countries across 5 continents in the last year just to give some idea), this really is one of the poorest quality airlines I’ve ever flown with and will be avoiding this airline at all cost in the future.
  Dubai to Manila via Hong Kong. As a MarcoPolo member, I feel special. Service from ground staff to cabin were amazing, crew really friendly. Big fan of IFE. Good selection of beverage.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Its been many years since I flew Cathay Pacific Economy. I was a Diamond member back in the 1980's. The journey was on time. However plane was dirty, food was average to say the least. But my biggest complaint, is no leg room, this plane had previously flown in to Hong Kong from Sydney. As a medical professional the leg room supplied is below safe levels, 2 hours was uncomfortable, 9 hrs and it would have killed me. This is supposed to be a 5 star airline, act like it, 31 or 32 inch pitch is not enough. It truly was cattle class.
  Gatwick to Ho Chi Minh Cith via Hong Kong, returning Hanoi to Gatwick via Hong Kong. Fast check-in in London and Hanoi, helpful ground staff, rapid boarding, and very easy transits at HKG, which is a wonderful airport to use. The flights were on time, and were on A350s (except Hanoi-Hong Kong, which was an A330) which is a fantastic aircraft to fly in - quiet, well pressurised, sensitively lit, spacious, comfortable seats. I think only the B787 is in the same league as the A350 for passenger comfort in economy. In-flight entertainment was excellent, with a lot of new release films to choose from. I enjoyed the camera views available on the A350. In-flight food was good but nothing to write home about, although the snack bar at the back of the plane was excellent. Cabin crew were mostly friendly. The one negative was being forced to shut the window blinds after lunch on the LGW-HKG leg - departure was at 11.15am so I had no desire to sleep or be surrounded by darkness from about 2pm! Would definitely use Cathay again, but would be nice to see them use the A350 on routes to LHR, as LGW isn't the nicest airport (I doubt this will happen any time soon though due to the lack of first class on the A350).
  Hong Kong to Singapore. Unfortunately took this Cathay Pacific flight in Jan 2018 from HKG to SIN during midnight, very sad news was the last minute aircraft changes due to NO reason. From A350 1x2x1 seat configurations to B777 2x3x2 seat configurations, the cabin was so narrow, very similar to economy class seats. I missed out my meal service, I understand passengers may sleep during the midnight flight, but there was no one asking about if I am okay to wake up during the meal service, after I woke up, there was no on asking if I want have some meal before the flight landed.  Will not take Cathay Pacific flight again.
  San Francisco to Hyderabad via Via Hong Kong, we had a slight delay but they apologized nicely and when we got onboard CX879 to Hong Kong the hospitality got even nicer with the flight attendants stowed your luggage in the overhead compartments. What a nice airline.
  Hong Kong to Bangkok. I reckon for the past 8 flights I’ve been on with them this year, they have been delayed ridiculously (two hours). Other airlines are not affected as much it seems. The advertisement of duty free sales in the inflight entertainment system is very annoying as well as unnecessary PA announcements such as that they’re collecting donations for unicef. Their method of contacting customers regarding ticket bookings is terrible too. I was once called and sent a very vague email not mentioning the reason for contacting me. I only realised a couple of hours before a supposedly booked flight that the credit card payment didn’t go through and that was what they were calling about. Would have been nice to have mentioned it as on the email instead of saying “we tried to call you please reply when you are free” - which I did reply ASAP with no follow up. Changing flights from overseas is a problem too if you enter your asiamiles number when calling in as it directs you to an office which cannot handle ticketing! They told me to call again and not enter my number - silly.
  Sydney to Tel-Aviv via Hong Kong. Extremely disappointing trip. The return leg involved a side trip to Osaka, flying back via Tokyo. Aside from cramped and uncomfortable seats, I was surprised at how truly awful the food was. This was consistent across all six flights. In flight service was mixed - ranging from not very good to ok. The overall experience was the feeling that I was on a budget airline. Upgraded to premium economy on two of the long haul legs of the trip. While the seat was a lot more comfortable, the food was the same - close to inedible. I don't know why, but I expected more of Cathay. Unlikely to fly with them again.
 This is my second time to take Cathay Pacific flying from Manila to San Diego via Hong Kong. The food served was really bad with an after taste not to mention the fact that the flight was 2.5 hrs delayed. We were held inside the aircraft for 2hrs and the other 30mins was due to late boarding. I wont take Cathay Pacific anymore. The only positive thing is their legroom which is more spacious than other airlines.
 Jakarta to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific Airways. The aircraft was an A330. The ground staff explained that the flight will be delayed. Onboard, the seating looks old but still comfortable. The IFE had a lot of choices. We were served with a cold sandwich on a very early flight. The flight attendants were attentive but doesn’t feel friendly. Hong Kong to Manila, the aircraft is a B777. The cabin looked stunning as the plane was new. The IFE was very nice, same contents as the first flight but the system is much easier to operate. The seats are comfotable too. We were served with a warm cheese and bacon roll for breakfast. The FAs are attentive and looked enthusiastic to work. Both flights has no wifi.
  Hong Kong to Taipei. Travel with baby in the trip. The inflight service is good. Although the aircraft is quite old an regional seating. The cabin crew are helpful. The entertainment of the plane provide latest films, however, the flight time is not enough for a 120 min movie. The flight is smooth.
  Hong Kong to Zurich. Amazing that Cathay cares so little about their business class passengers that they on a 12 hours night flight could not speed up their first leg connecting flight (of 3 hours) by 10 min or delay their connecting flight by 10 min and catch up over the following 12 hours. Instead they bumped 2 business class passengers and sent us over Manchester and then Manchester to Zurich. Our advice - don’t fly Cathay if you can at all avoid it - that is the only way we as passengers can ensure they care in the future.
 This is one of the most fantastic airlines. The seat product is spacious, and it provides a reasonable amount of privacy, which is what business class travellers need. The portion of the food was acceptable and snacks were also included, so passengers would not get hungry during the journey. I visited lounge C at London Heathrow Airport, and it is an amazing lounge. The ambience and environment provided a lot of comfort, and the choice of food tended towards the Hong Kong and Asian Style, which were very pleasing to see in a high reputation airline. Cabin crew were all very willing to serve. However, the in-flight announcement was not clear. Overall, I had a very enjoyable time with Cathay Pacific.
  Hong Kong to Singapore. A very high efficient ground service and immigration in Hong Kong Airport. Flight departed on time, I was impressed by the catering on the flight. The fruit and desserts were really impressive. Cabin staff was friendly and the business class seats were very comfortable with a flat bed. WiFi was also available on the plane together with a excellent inflight entertainment system. However, the immigration service in Singapore airport was a bit slow.
  I take a Flight from Duesseldorf to Hong Kong. Online checkin not possible. Checkin on Counter are ok, staff are friendly but seated in the last Row. During the flight the cabin was very cold. Crew only provide a second blanket. The food was served almost cold because I sit in the last row. Uncomfortable seating opposite the Lavatory and in front of the kitchen.
  New York to Taipei via Hong Kong. Was not able the check-in online for some reason. Kept getting an error asking me to check-in at the counter. So I arrived early at the airport, and the check-in lines were divided by classes like all airlines do. Except there was service at the first class, premium economy, but no one was the economy counter! Finally after the premium economy were all served, the counter called for the economy customers. The man at the counter had no smile, and looked impatient, and just asked me to put up my luggage and printed out the tickets for me. (Did not even ask me which seats I prefer, if I could check in online I would've picked my own seat). Then came an awkward moment of silence where we stood staring at each other. Then I asked, is that all? He finally spoke and said yes, you will be boarding at gate XX. He wasn't rude, but just didn't feel the friendliness that I was expecting.
  Vancouver to Hong Kong. Very bad experience with the Inflight Service!. I travelled with my husband and 8 month old daughter from Vancouver to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific for almost 12 hours. In the middle of the long flight, a turbulence occurred and the seatbelt sign came on. So I grabbed my baby and held her on my lap, then put on my seatbelt as i could not find the baby seatbelt that the flight attendants have provided earlier. One of the flight attendants came to check on us if our seatbelts were buckled, and asked me if they offered the baby seatbelt, to which i said yes, but i could not find it so i will just look for it later after the turbulence. FA then freaked out and raised her voice, saying “what do you mean you can’t find it? You have to find it now!” Then turned on the overhead light, disregarding my sleeping baby, then shoved my right shoulder away from the back of my seat so she can take a look and try to find the baby seatbelt. Knowing that she won’t stop harassing me and my baby, I woke my husband and asked for his help. When he saw how the FA was treating me and my baby, even he got surprised and blurted out “whoa, whoa, whoa! I’ll take care of them myself.” To which the FA said she just did not want to wake the baby. A totally contradicting statement to what she was doing just minutes ago. I filed a complaint to their Customer Relations Department and got a response through email saying that they “understand how annoying the situation must have been for me” and that they “have shared my letter with the Inflight Services Manager so that they can follow up with the staff members in question”.  They do not care about the experience of their customers and they have rude Flight Attendants.
  Cathay seem to be having issues with punctuality. Flew them in the week of 18 June from Singapore to Seoul and they were late three out of four flights. The last leg, they were 3 hours late arriving into Singapore at 315am instead of midnight. Will definitely try my best to avoid them in future.
  Manila to Hong Kong return (B777 and A330) was operated by Cathay Pacific Airways while the Hong Kong to Cengdu (A330 / A320) was operated by Cathay Dragon. The seat legroom and width on B777 and A330 are ample while on the A320 (3-3 configuration) is quite squeezed. The HKG-MNL flight is 3-4-3 configuration but at the back where 78A is located has 2-4-2 configuration. 78A might be the last choice for most people but I highly recommend it as it has more space compared to other seats in the economy section. Since the MNL-HKG-MNL is just a short flight, onyl refreshments was served. Coffee is available upon request. For the HKG-CTU-HKG, breakfast is served. The food is good. Storage for coats or jacket is also available and the FA's are willing to assist. IFE selection is enough for a short flight. The flying time is not enough actually to finish one movie. The toilet are clean and are well-maintained throughout the duration of the flight. Both ground staff and in-flight staff are courteuous, helpful, and friendly. 
  Hong Kong to Denpasar. This particular flight was on a very old B777-200. With 3 hours to kill at HKIA, we decided to pay the Pier Business Class Lounge being oneworld Sapphire members. Boarding announcement was made for this flight CX 785. The flight was full but boarding process was organised and efficient and  passengers were on board in 40 minutes. Cabin crew were very friendly and welcoming. As with my previous trip from LHR, they were very attentive and consistent. The plane was rather old but the cabin was immaculate and clean! The seats were similar to our previous flight, wide, outstanding legroom and great IFE selection. Food was great, drinks were regularly offered throughout the flight. Overall, a very comfortable 5 hour flight!
  London to Hong Kong. Check in was very efficient at Heathrow, staff was friendly and corteous. Requested bulkhead seats and was met with no hesitance. Although me and my other half are both oneworld Sapphire (BA Silver), we were invited and escorted to Fast Track security which is only available for oneworld Emerald members. The Cathay Pacific lounge in Heathrow Terminal 3 was phenomenal. Facilities were great with Aesop products in the showers and bathrooms. The lounge wasn't very crowded. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the lounge was very clean. Boarding process was very efficient. Upon boarding, the cabin crew were warm and friendly. One of the first things I have noticed on boarding the aircraft was how the cabin was clean. At our seats, there was headphones, pillow and blanket. No overnight or amenity kits on the seats but these can be requested from the cabin crew. The seat was very wide, outstanding IFE with great selections of movies and TV prorammes and albums. As soon as the seatbelt sign was off, the cabin crew started the drinks service, given a bag of peanuts and full sized can drinks which is more than sufficient compared to other airlines. Main meal service portion was great, Movenpick Ice Cream handed out and the cabin crew again offered us drinks. The food served on CX is the best I have had on a long haul flight. The cabin crew came along with trays of drink every hour and a self service drinks and snack 'bar' was set up in the galley with plenty of options. Cup noodles were offered half way through the flight with another drinks service. Breakfast was served prior to landing which again is the best I have had on a long haul flight - I chose the chinese option which was amazing. Overall, Cathay Pacific truly deserves its 5 star rating from Skytrax. Nothing went wrong on this flight and I personally don't think Cathay Pacific has a lot to improve on - perhaps Wi-Fi on the plane and upgraded IFE which is already on the way. The cabin crew were very friendly, polite and professional, ensuring lavatories were kept clean, offering drinks and responding to passenger needs promptly.
  Manila to Zurich via Hong Kong. I've been flying with Cathay Pacific ever since they started offering non-stop flights to Zurich (2015) and have experienced their economy, premium economy and business classes. The seats are comfortable I like the new A350. That's it. If you're tall, you won't like the business class seats as the space for the foot area narrows significantly. The business class food is also subpar compared to other airlines. The food in all classes is not good in general. Further, the variety of (good) movie options went down significantly. There are barely any new movies and more of classics, the ones you have most likely seen already. Check out the June 2018 options if you can. Ferdinand is probably your best choice. What's the absolute worst, though, is the arrogance and unfriendliness of staff that I've experienced on numerous occasions, particularly of the floor staff. They also don't seem to coordinate/communicate between locations and are often not properly trained about giving customers the correct information. Wouldn't recommend this airline to anyone.
  Hong Kong to Melbourne. Hong Kong Check in was all automatic and the airport was modern and clean. Boarding on time and friendly staff greeted me. I got to my seat, which came with a blanket and pillow, take off was on time. There were three main meal options, I chose the Chicken with potatoes, which was very nice, dessert included a nice Movenpick ice cream. The IFE on was new and diverse, new movies and a very big screen. Free wifi was also included but was very slow and did not work. We landed in Melbourne on time. My experience with Cathay Pacific Airways has been above average.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Ground service was efficient. However, some delays happened because of terrible weather.  The cabin staff offered me a blanket. The hardware was fine. A dinner was served in the 3 hour flight.
  Booked last minute as this is the cheapest flight I could find out of NYC to my home country Philippines. I chose CRK as I would not want to trouble myself getting out of MNL Airport. Last time I flew CX was in 2009 to RUH. The service and food then was great so I trusted that it would be the same or better. Flight date is 08 June. Check in was brief, pleasant. Felt at home as there were a lot Filipino staff in EWR. Airplane is new, legroom was good. In flight entertainment was great! This is a 15+ hour flight and we had 2 meals and snacks in between. I had dinner around 8 PM. We flew out 1:55 AM. Most of the restaurants near the gates were closed and besides food the airport was expensive. After supper (which was very good. I had beef, fried rice and veggies) I was still hungry. The menu said that they offer cup noodles upon request. The FA gave me another entree! As really am not able to sleep during flights, I walk around. I went to the galley at the back of the plane and they have snacks. Few hours passed, I went to the back and asked for toothbrush. I noticed that they do not provided amenity kits unless you asked. I asked for socks at the beginning of the flight. I think I asked both of these from the team lead FA. She is not smiling, very serious and does not even respond back after saying thank you. I had a feeling that she does not like serving Filipinos because she was from Hong Kong. There was an Indian flight attendant serving my area and I thought it was nice for CX to have diversity in their crew. But I was really disappointed the way this team lead FA treated me. I have read a few reviews and it feels very tight. I guess I have gotten used to western airlines that offer small chats. So snack time came and they were serving cup noodles. I am hungry so I requested for one. The FA was apologetic and told me I can only have one and I did have mine already. But other people are not even having a snack. They served breakfast late.30 mins before landing they are still serving breakfast. Overall I did not enjoy this leg of the flight. Transferred to Satellite terminal in HK. It was packed flight. Flight was delayed. Baggage was delayed. And snack was served on a paper bag. Crackers, candy and water. Not even coffee. CX went below my expectations. I guess airline services across the board is getting worse.
  Perth to London via Hong Kong. Decided to treat myself and booked premium economy, waste of money. Perth to Hong Kong was good, wide comfortable seats good service. Hong Kong to Heathrow was terrible, plane was old and didn't seem any better than economy, I walked to back of plane and checked. On both flights there and back, one toilet was marked 'out of order', I saw female attendance using them , had to walk to back of plane and queue to use economy toilets. Premium Economy was so similar to Economy, not worth twice the price.
  On a whim, my elderly and infirm parents decided to book themselves on a non-refundable trip from Sydney to Japan, followed by a cruise. Both require special assistance for a range of issues including hearing and visual impairments. I could not have been happier with the professional and caring way in which Cathay Pacific managed this prior to the flight, during check-in and boarding in Sydney, and while my parents were in-flight. The care they displayed was nothing short of magnificent. It was a real relief to know that my parents were in very good hands. Thank you Cathay Pacific and your wonderful team!
  Jakarta to Beijing via Hong Kong. Overall its very nice airplane and the food they provide is delicious. The only problem that I that from from CGK to HKG (midnight flight) the meals is only lights (usually more than 4 hours flight is meal) and  my earphone plug is not active and the cabin crew tried to fix it but not working. Also no pillow provided from start as usual so you must asked for it to the cabin crew. For the flight from Hong Kong to Beijing overall is very good.
  Manila to Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific is highly reliable and efficient. The sense of efficiency comes across from all the interaction I have had with their staff, in particular, the cabin crew who always seem to be dashing off to accomplish some urgent tasks. The seats of the plane I was on seem dated but otherwise quite comfortable. The inflight entertainment was good, with lots available to distract me for the duration of the flight. The food for this 2 hours 10 mins flight was unfortunately quite small and come in a paper bag. I have been on flights that are much shorter but had more generous food options.
  Chennai to Los Angeles via Hong Kong. The 1:50am flight was delayed until after 5:30am, an unpleasant all night experience waiting in an Indian airport. The next flight in connection was delayed in Hong Kong. On the ground in Los Angeles 90 minutes and the first bag hasn’t arrived yet. The entire occupancy of the plane has cleared customers and is looking forlorned as the ground crew is MIA. The gentleman next to me is doing push-ups. What a painful travel experience.
 Flew Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong to Melbourne. The flight once again operated by using A350. The aircraft was really new with HD monitors with many different movies. The cabin was dimmed once after the meal service. The cabin lighting was really warm and most of the passengers were able to sleep. Meal was served with 3 choices in dinner with a movenpick ice cream, while the breakfast was served with both English and Chinese styles. The plane was very quiet and it arrived on time. Cabin crew were really efficient offering special drinks and landing cards, which passensgers could save some time for customers and immigration. The experience was seamless where nothing can be challenged for economy class.
 I would have given a good rating to Cathay Pacific had it been only from the flight experience. However, our ground experience was unacceptable. We missed our connecting flight due to a delayed departure. Upon arrival in our connection airport we were short of time and when we asked for information they just told us to hurry up. We ran due to lack of a proper update and still ended up missing our flight. They put us on the next flight which was leaving 9hrs later and they didn't give us any compensation. The only thing we received was one HK$75 per person, which was not even enough to buy a meal deal at the airport.
 Melbourne to Hong Kong. Very efficient ground service. Unexpectedly they also had Chinese speaking ground staff in Australian airport. Seats were great as they used to be with a wide range of movie selection on plane. Food was average but they still provided wide range of drinks and wine. The time arrived Hong Kong on time and the luggage was already well ready when we reach the luggage belt. Very pleased with the overall experience. Last but not least, the fare was really reasonable during low season.
 Hong Kong to Sydney. Final leg of a trip from the UK. The previous three sectors were on BA metal and this on Cathay. It was on an A330 -300 which is one of my favourite aircraft. Reasonably quiet, easy to get on and off and very comfortable to ride in. CX has always had a good product on both the hard, aircraft, side and then the soft skills. Typically Asian service, efficient and with a smile. The IFE was good with plenty of choice for a mid haul of 9 hours. I declined the breakfast service (congee, fruit or eggs) as 4 am is a bit rich and early for my palate. The fact that there was little to say about this leg is a testament to the CX product.
  London to Sydney via Hong Kong. What a terrible waste of money it was spending just under 1925 GBP to travel Premium Economy with Cathay Pacific. I will never fly with them again. I booked and paid in May 2017 for a Premium Economy flight to Sydney.  I was flying out to Australia on 26th September 2017 and returning 25th April 2018. At 73 years of age and travelling alone, I thought that I would treat myself and incur the extra expense of being able to book my seats in advance. However when my date for return to the UK came around I was shocked to find when using online check-in the day before travel that my previously booked window seat on the 9.5 hour leg from Sydney to Hong Kong had been allocated to somebody else. I had been bumped to an aisle seat at the back of the cabin and just a couple of feet from the economy class cabin. I queried this at Sydney airport on my departure day. They were unwilling to do anything about it. I asked the lady in my previously booked seat, how she got it. She had booked 9 months after me and was not related to the person sitting next to her, so it was obviously a Cathay malfunction. At no stage did I receive any notification of the seat change. I complained to Cathay Pacific and eventually got the promise of 100USD compensation. Still waiting. That is under 4% of the ticket price. This was a terrible experience and I will not be risking a repeat of it. My advice is to avoid Cathay Pacific.
 Hong Kong to Ho Chi Minh City. CX is always one of my favourite airlines. They definitely provide the best lounges in HK International Airlines. No matter which gate is your flight going to be, there is always one good lounge next to that area. I love the international business class of CX. Their seats are very comfortable with good entertainment system. However, their food is really getting worse and worse in the last few years. It is really sad to see such a good airline to be ruined by providing bad quality of food. Compare with the new CX business class of its A350 plane. A330 is a bit old, but still, in good quality compared with most of the other airlines. The other problem of CX is almost all of their flights are delayed. My flight was delayed for almost an hour. Since one flight is delayed, all other flight of the day will be delayed.
  San Francisco to Hong Kong. The flight was delayed for around 4 hours. Cathay Pacific did notify me the day before departure of the delay and provided a USD15 worth of meal voucher to be spent at SFO, which was just enough to cover one meal at the terminal. The in-flight experience was satisfactory: meals were delicious for economy class  and the cup noodle was a must-try. The flight time was shortened and we arrived at HKG a bit earlier than expected. Baggage claim was quick: the bags were already arriving when I cleared immigration.
  Hong Kong to San Francisco. The overall experience was satisfactory. Check-in was smooth but I could not say the same for boarding procedure. There was no line for Marco Polo Club Green Member so most people were stuck in Economy line. There was no zoned boarding procedure for a B777 economy class, which was somehow unbelievable, so you might imagine the long queue at the gate which extended further to two adjacent boarding gates. The in-flight experience was fine: meals were served a bit slowly probably due to large numbers of customised meal choice. Cabin crew were often busy rushing back and forth to deliver customised meals first before serving the rest ordinary ones. Entertainment content was very up-to-date and contained much to choose from. Pre-landing information was accurate and clear.
 k to Melbourne via Hong Kong. Never flown this far before so decided to go Business Class. What a joy this was. From the time we boarded at Gatwick we were made to feel very special. When my husband had a problem with his on board entertainment monitor the technician was on it immediately. Unfortunately it could not be fixed. The cabin manager was very apologetic. She then issued $100 U.S. as compensation in Cathay Pacific vouchers. On changing in Hong Kong all went well. Food and service excellent. Punctuality spot on. Would definitely fly with them again, All the equipment worked on the return flights and connections seamless. I use a wheelchair in airports and stations. This worked extremely well. Return journey was seamless and punctual. We agreed to swap seats with a family who we we separated due a last minute change of aircraft, we thought nothing of this. The new seats suited us better. At the end of the journey we were presented with a complimentary box of chocolates. A really nice gesture.
  Melbourne to Hong Kong. Check-in was a breeze, just a short line. The boarding was on time, the purser was one of the friendliest I have experienced. The food on this flight was the best airline meal I have had. I chose the vegetarian pasta meal and it was delicious. IFE had great options and was very responsive, new releases included some movies which are still in cinema. The 777-300ER was quite new with amazing legroom. Picking a red eye flight with Cathay Pacific isn't that bad because they provide you with the amenities that you need, even though you have to request for the toothbrush and hairbrush. We landed in Hong Kong on time. My flight was great.
 Flew Hong Kong to London Heathrow. Although I generally like Cathay, I do believe they are going downhill. The cabin could do with some updating, the food was only OK with 2 meals served on a 13 hour flight, and the flight attendants largely unavailable. The IFE was only so so. I am a One World Emerald member but this is rarely if ever acknowledged on Cathay.
 Flew Manila to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific Airways. This was a brand spanking new Airbus. The seats were new and very comfortable and the Flight Attendants were extremely helpful. The food was excellent and overall this was a nice experience for a short flight.
  Overnight flight from Delhi to Hong Kong. A cabin crew was recklessly moving the meal trolley by hitting my seat arm rest and spilled a glass of coke on myself. She didn't attempt to do any damage control except some tissue paper on me. Wanted to speak to a manger but she brought in another colleague who offered no real help. Ultimately lodged a complaint via CX web site but their complaint handling process wasn't up to scratch either.
  Hong Kong to San Francisco. I had a 3hrs transit in HKG, I came from MNL. Boarding was very messy, I wasn’t expecting that we have another security check when boarding the plane. Food was very good, but it’s super hot. Desserts were given after the main course. Snacks were complementary, you can have snacks anytime throughout the flight. The inflight entertainment system of Cathay is the best for me because of its content, I pushed the flight attendant button for the Snacks, the FA was already in my row, after a second I pushed the button. The A350 is an excellent choice for a long haul flight! 2hrs before we land we had breakfast, the food in Economy was the best food i’ve ever had with Cathay. Landed in SF earlier than expected arrival time.
  Sydney to Beijing via Hong Kong.  Sydney check in staff was quite rude.  Overall flight was great. My transfer in HKIA was less than 40 min but HKIA airport made it. I managed to get the luggage in Beijing in my flight which was kind of miracle to myself.  

  Manila to Hong Kong. It’s my 1st time flying Cathay Pacific. The flight to Hong Kong was a little bit delayed because the aircraft came about 30 mins before our scheduled boarding time, A350 is a very good plane! Boarding was so messy, unorganized. Only a burrito was given and a cookie, I was expecting that they’re gonna serve us a full meal, for short haul flight, but IFE was good. Flight attendants were not so nice, they are not even greeting the passengers, when we’re boarding.
  Bangkok to Toronto via Hong Kong. Catering was better from my previous trips with the airline. However, on the Hong Kong to Toronto sector, the second meal service was served midflight, instead of prior to arrival. Cabin crew were pleasant on both flights with a positive attitude. Drinks came about every hour or so on the Hong Kong to Toronto sector, and the galley was stocked with drinks and snacks. Both flights departed on time and arrived their respective destinations ahead of schedule. Although my recent experiences with the airline have been relatively inconsistent (see my previous reviews), I would choose Cathay over competitors at the same price point. 
  Denpasar Bali to Hong Kong on a Boeing 777. We were lucky that for this sector we had the long haul business class rather than the regional business class configuration so 1-2-1 with flat beds. Lounge at Bali Airport is the Premier Lounge, which was very crowded and quite hot, luckily the flight was on time. Boarding was a bit confused as economy passengers were directed down the business air gate and business passengers down the economy one. Food was ok, I chose the Indonesian Spiced Chicken which was reasonable. Cabin crew efficient and polite.
  Hong Kong to Denpasar Bali in a Boeing 777. The configuration was the regional 2-3-2, which was quite old and tired. The seat arrangement is Ok for a short flight of 4 hours and I managed to get up to use the rest room without disturbing my wife in the aisle seat. Toilets were not that clean. Service was as usual very good. Lamb Redang as a main course was very tasty. In-flight entertainment was ok, but the screen quality was poor. The flight departed and arrived on time.
  Gatwick to Hong Kong on the new A350. Lovely flight, this plane is such an improvement over the 777 that Cathay fly from LHR. Comfort wise there is not much to chose but the A350 is significantly quieter, which makes for a restful journey. Cabin crew excellent and service just right. Food choices were good and I enjoyed the three cup chicken, which was tasty and moist. Film selection varied, with some good recent releases. Flight landed on time. Only criticism is Cathay use the No 1 lounge at Gatwick, just a shame they don't share the BA lounge, which is better.
 This was the CX754 from Bangkok to Hong Kong taking off around mid-day. There were two distinctive features about this flight, at least as far as I was concerned. The first is that I hadn't previously flown on the A350 and I must say that I was suitably impressed. Cabin design excellent with spacious overhead lockers, decent sized toilets (no dedicated PE one but it didn't matter) and best of all vastly improved PE seating, both more comfortable and better leg-room than the 777, at least it felt that way. More 350s please! The one downside on this trip is that they served us economy class food for lunch and it was rubbish. Never complained about PE food before (never had to) but this time I am. One additional point to note is that the back row of PE on both sides overlaps with the economy cabin so be advised.
  Including the two-hour refueling-stop in Vancouver - where passengers from JFK have to stay on board - the flight from New York to Hong Kong ranks among the world's longest flights. It lasts up to 21.30 hours. Nevertheless it has been my best ever flight in my 26 years of flying. I arrived in Hong Kong as refreshed as I left US East Coast. The cabin on this B777 certainly can't compete with rivals in terms of innovation and technology. But Cathay offer room for privacy, a comfortable bed and a personalized service. For someone who is looking for as much rest as possible this is certainly a good option. On the first leg to Vancouver I skipped dinner because I felt sleepy. Soon after take-off my bed was prepared and I only woke up 30 minutes before landing into Vancouver. I was served the requested cake from the dinner menu and had a quick cup of tea. The best entertainment on board for me was actually watching the ground-staff cleaning, re-catering and preparing the aircraft during the stop in Vancouver for the flight to Hong Kong. Soon after take-off I slept for another five hours. Foodwise I was impressed by the fact that some offerings were freshly prepared such as jasmine rice, toast and scrambled eggs. Dining on-demand is a plus when one tries to overcome jetlag. I was able to start with breakfast instead of dinner options and finish off with dinner options before the early morning landing. The crew and the crew-passenger-ratio on this flight and in this cabin were outstanding. I was well fed and well looked after by two senior crew members and the inflight manager. They made me feel like at home and by wearing pyjamas I actually felt like at home on a lazy Sunday morning, having brunch in bed, reading the papers and looking out of the window, watching the sunrise.
  Auckland to Hong Kong, ground service at AKL was ok. Check in no hassle. The service was not as warm as what it used to be, but efficient. It was disappointing to see that their meal service was on the downhill drastically due to so many corner cutting to reduce the cost. Portion size was reduced, but they did provide snacks between the meals. In-flight entertainment was very good. Seat was generally ok for me 6'1.
 Flew from Toronto to Hong Kong on CX825 and onwards to Bangkok to CX617. Note that Cathay Pacific mainly utilizes the self-check in kiosk at Pearson Airport in Toronto for this particular flight, with limited counters and staff to assist passengers. Bag drop line was for the most part unorganized and some of the ground staff did not have the usual good attitude as one would expect from CX. Cabin crew service was satisfactory but slightly rushed on this flight, making it feel less personal that normal. Flight left Toronto half an hour late and arrived Hong Kong 15 minutes after schedule. Hong Kong to Bangkok on an older not furbished A330. Contrary the crew on the Toronto flight, the crew on this flight were pleasant and patient. To my surprise, on both sectors, the meal options were identical from my previous trip on the exact same itinerary back in February. However, all the meals were of adequate portion and tasted superior for airplane food. Overall, an average trip, with things that can fixed with a smile or two.
  Adelaide to Tokyo via Hong Kong. Fantastic service by staff. I was put on meet and assist and was very fortunate to receive this as it made my solo trip less stressful as staff members were waiting for me at the arrivals gate and escorted me to areas I needed to go. I cannot fault the service of the Cathay Pacific staff, they were presented themselves in a kind and friendly manner. Highly recommended this airline to any travellers.
  Hong Kong to Seoul. It was a very smooth flight with no delays. Check in and boarding was smooth. The seat was equipped with a USB plug and a personal TV. Flight attendants were friendly and offered a special meal which I ordered before boarding. However, the meal was quite tiny and no main course was served during the flight. They should provide more meal options.
  Hong Kong to Taipei. This was one of the best short haul flights, there were no delays. They use a new aircraft on this short route and hot meal was served. It was a Hong Kong style rice. Really appreciate the crew can finish the services within the 60 mins flight. The TV screen was large for an economy class seat and lots of movies offered. The cabin was clean and tidy and the new A350 product was awesome.
  London to Ho Chi Min City via Hong Kong. Terrible experience. The flight from London was delayed due to unexplained reason. They refused us on the second flight from Hong Kong to Ho Chi Min City even we had more than an hour for the connection. The next available flight was in 8 hours, we did not receive enough not even to buy a decent meal and a bottle of water in Hong Kong airport. Members of staff incredibly rude. We spent 3 days of our precious holiday in a terrible state because of the jet lag and the lack of sleep. They did not offer access to the lounge. Never again with Cathay Pacific.
  I have been travelling with Cathay Pacific for more than 10 years. On the flight Hong Kong to New York, I only asked for cup noodles once. But the flight attendants insisted that I asked for cup noodles multiple times. I wanted to get a water bottle but none of the flight attendants bothered to respond to me. What kind of service is this? For a flight that is 17 hours, two meals is not enough. I feel hungry travelling for a long period of time.
 Flew Hong Kong to Perth. Cathay Pacific separated myself and my partner even though we arrived at the airport more than 4 hours before our flight. We requested to be seated together and they told us they would arrange it for us. This was a lie. By the time we got to the gate to check we were told they would not be able to arrange the seating so we could sit together because they would not request to swap another solo flyer to consider swapping with one of us. As an anxious flyer this airline definitely is worth avoiding. Uncompromising. Dispassionate and rude. After being lied to several times by the airline with what would be a reasonable request I highly recommend taking another airline. In terms of feedback and dispute resolution. This is a take your money and run airline. Not the world class airline it reputedly used to be. I have had significantly better flights on China Southern Airlines which runs comparable routes from Australia.
 Flew Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong to Auckland. Not exactly what I expected from a '5 Star' airline. There was enough space from the seat in front, but the seat was very narrow! Meals were acceptable considering the class flown. Flight attendants were almost non-existant during the flight, very poor service in premium economy! They appeared to be more concerned with keeping the economy passengers happy!
 Managed the flight out ok but the trip back was awful. To start with Hong Kong being a relatively new airport we thought would be good - nothing but plastic seats to sit on and very large windows (30ft high at a guess) which acted like cold air waterfalls. We were cold and there was no heating we could detect. Cold on the plane as well - we travelled all the way back with our winter coats on. Then came the message that they did not have sufficient evening meals on board so sitting at the rear of the plane we had a breakfast instead - which was not good shall we say. At breakfast time we declined the meal (once was enough) and waited until we arrived at Manchester for some food. I have travelled with Cathay Pacific before when I was working and had business class seats and had no complaints. CP have in my estimation gone way back in standard. If we travel to NZ again we will go via Singapore with Singapore airlines - been to NZ with them a few times and they are much better - no complaints at all.
  Brisbane to Hong Kong. Me and my husband flew with Cathay Pacific in January this year for the first and definitely the last time. We were expecting good quality, fresh and well equipped planes on our trip to and from Australia. Instead we found ourselves in old, obsolete, and dirty planes with super old seats and monitors. What was most appaling though was the fact than on both our trips the pillows provided appeared used. On the way to Australia the pillow was covered in someone's hair, on the way back it was dirty with powder or foundation. My husband's pillows had some dark spots and smelled. Upon complaining the staff was very apologetic but not surprised at either of the occasions. The seats are very small and there's extremely limited legroom - my husband, who is over 190 cm high didn't fit into the sit, it never happened before on planes on such long distances. Will never choose this airline again.
 After extensive delays with no communication from ground staff, we boarded our Bangkok to Singapore flight. There were about 60 of us total on an Airbus 350 that held five times that many people, so everyone had plenty of room to spread out. The 350 is a great aircraft, and it took me less than 5 minutes on board to figure out that I wanted my next trans pacific flight on one of these-they're quiet, spacious, and high tech. From the reclining seats that slide forward to make life easier on those behind you to the headrests which seemingly defy the laws of physics (they fold in-and out) the attention to detail is superb. The tray tables have a tablet stand, and the personal space in general had more functions than I could figure out. Cathay service onboard really doesn't need another glowing review-it was superb as expected. Meals were excellent and served promptly, trays were also collected promptly as well after the meal. The inflight entertainment is really top notch, though the screen is a bit jumpy as you scroll through. For those of us with terrible hearing, the volume is adequate without being turned up too high-it helps that the plane is very quiet at cruise altitude. Make the effort to fly this plane and Cathay if it's going where you are.
 Flew Hong Kong to London with Cathay Pacific. The menu option read exactly "Mushroom fusilli and tomato concasse", however it was just one small mushroom sliced 5 times garnishing pasta with a tomato sauce. I believe "tomato concasse" would normally be crushed tomatoes. No sign of that. The menu option was, Stir fried egg noodles with chicken, vegetables and 2 dumplings. However the amount of chicken and vegetables could be held on one tablespoon. It was essentially just stir fried noodles. The dumplings were small but good. I understand I was flying economy and wasn't expecting Haute Cuisine, however using fancy words to describe something so substandard is just wrong and leads to disappointment when other menu options could have been chosen. The wine was nice but one small glass was less than some other airlines serve. Other aspects of the trip were really good including the plane and service etc. However it would have been good to be able to select a seat and not have one automatically allocated as someone taller than 6 foot could be uncomfortable in a 78 cm pitched seat.
  Hong Kong to Melbourne in May 2017. As we were in transit, we went straight to the boarding area. Boarding was no hassle.  The cabin crew were excellent. Attentive and service with a smile.  Food and drink were excellent. The amenity bag was useful. The inflight Entertainment with a wide variety and the latest film releases, headphones were excellent.  Our baggage was available soon after our disembarkation at Melbourne Airport.
  Hong Kong to Manila. I was expecting a lot from Cathay Pacific, but it fell short of my expectations. The seats on the plane were old, uncomfortable and very tight. The food was so so. The entertainment system was very unresponsive and the screen is small.  The blankets were only given when requested. Ground crew review was mixed. It depends maybe on the personality of the person. Crew in the Philippines and Korea were a lot more friendly and accommodating than in HKG. 
 Jakarta to Hong Kong. New aircraft with comfortable seats and well-functioning entertainment system. Staff were very helpful and service minded. The movie selections and the headphones could however have been better. But overall a good travel experience. 
 Flew 4 flights with Cathay Pacific in the past 3 weeks. Good service with free food and drinks on board even on short routes! There are USB chargers on each flight. Every seat has its own screen with films and USB charger, but no games. The head part of the seat could bend up at the sides so that your head gets support which gives you more comfort! One of the flights I flew business class, with Cathay Pacific's business class you can lay flat down, big pillow, big TV etc.
  London to Hong Kong in May 2017. Check in extremely helpful, efficient and with a smile. Boarding went smoothly. Cabin crew provided excellent service, from pre-flight drinks, lunch and breakfast. Nothing was too much of a bother. The amenities bag was useful. We had both Asian and Western Foods for lunch and breakfast. They were excellent, especially the wine. Inflight Entertainment was superb. There was much choice and the supplied headphones excellent. The latest film releases were available. Arrival we went to the Cathay Pacific Lounge in Hong Kong Airport.
  Hong Kong to New York JFK. I usually don’t write reviews but this time I need to post it. I’m their frequent flyer and I can see Cathay service has lost it touch! Not much selection in meals. They asked if I prefer beef or fish, then come back and said we only have fish! Gave it to me, walk away anddid not offer me any drink at all! I was totally shocked! No smile, screw members are to busy chit chat instead of serving it’s customers. They charge me cancellation fees for tickets purchased andcancel within 24hrs! Called customer service! Took them 1hr plus to answer my call! There are other airlines on my business route that treat customer much much better than Cathay! I did prefer them as #1 choice because of shortening flight time, but now on! Cathay is off my list!
 Flew Bangkok to Toronto via Hong Kong. Bangkok Check-In was smooth and professional. Staff informed me of a possible seat upgrade and asked for my seat preference if upgraded. Cathay's lounge in Bangkok was fairly chaotic, as a British Airways flight was delayed and hence resulted in a higher volume of number of people. Bangkok to Hong Kong on a 3-class A330-300. The flight was full and quick, flying time was 2 hrs 9 minutes instead of usual 2 hrs 30-45 minutes. Crew were mostly Thai and were extremely pleasant over meal service, showing Thai hospitality and Cathay's core value. Otherwise, flight was uneventful and the plane arrived Hong Kong earlier than scheduled. I had booked an itinerary that would require an overnight layover in Hong Kong. Heading to the lounge, the staff was welcoming and informed me the lounge would close at 12.30am. I visited 3 lounges and I found the Pier to be the most suitable for a nap as there is a nap area. I returned to the lounge at 5.30am, when it reopened, prior to my flight to Toronto. Hong Kong to Toronto on CX828. Once again a full flight in Economy and I was upgraded to Premium Economy for the flight. Seat next to me was empty. Amenity kits, headphones, a blanket and a pillow was placed at the seat prior to boarding. Seat provided extra legroom that would normally be found on bulkhead Economy seats. The seat storage was adequate and the focus on details was truly amazing. Tray table was easy to operate and was of a good size to fit a laptop. Flight departed Hong Kong slightly late but arrived Toronto half an hour ahead of schedule. The crew on this flight were pleasant, offering several round of drinks throughout the flight. However, despite all the positives, the biggest let down on this trip was catering. Especially on the Premium Economy sector, I chose the western option for lunch and the mashed potatoes were soggy and grainy. Dinner was standard, but for the most part, meal was similar to that of Economy's. Although the plus is getting actual metal cutlery instead of plastic ones. Overall, an average experience. I would still fly with them, given their flexibility and frequency of flights I have mentioned in my previous reviews.
 First time flying Business Class on the A350-900. Same herring bone layout as the B777, which I think is the best layout as all the seats have aisle access and means you're not having to step over people to get out of your seat. The seat in design terms is pretty much the same as the old product, which is a great, why change something if it ain't broke, but obviously with a better resolution screen, updated handset, and a couple more storage holes. However, my only gripe about the A350 is that the headphone sockets now only takes a 2 pin adaptor of which strangely one is 2.5mm and the other 3.5mm. Hence my Bose QC35 no longer work - first world problems right? Cathay or Airbus please work with Bose to sort this out! I noted on this flight that the crew did not give out the full evening meal i.e. missed out dessert and cheese board. Plus the crew weren't as attentive or proactive as expected from Cathay which was a first for me as I normally praise Cathay staff.
 I have always flown Cathay (B777) from London Heathrow, mainly because of Cathay's superb lounge in T3. However this time I thought I'd try out Cathay's Premium Economy Class on their A350-900 from London Gatwick. While at Gatwick's South terminal and being a One World Sapphire member I got to use BA's lounge and the First Class lounge at that! To be honest I was really disappointed and not a patch on even Cathay's business lounge at Heathrow. Moving onto the flight. The new premium economy was superb! The new darker colour scheme made the seat feel cosier, modern and sleek. The seat was comfy, in fact it was the first time I've actually had a proper sleep on a premium economy seat. The noise levels are definitely lower than the B777 and certainly noticed my skin and throat didn't feel dry with the new air filteration system. The updated IFE with a wider screen than the B777 is probably one of the best on any airline and, in my opinion, far better than compared to Emirates. It was easier to navigate through and just worked (a month before, I took a return Emirates A380 flight from LGW to Dubai and on both legs the IFE stopped working!). My main gripe with the new A350 is that the headphone sockets now only take a 2 pin adaptor where one pin is 2.5mm and the other 3.5mm - hence my Bose QC35's adaptor no longer fits which was really annoying. I even enquired with Bose to see if they had a suitable adaptor which they didn't - so really bummed about that - if Cathay can provide a suitable adaptor I'd be really happy! I really shouldn't complain about the food on Cathay anymore after sampling the awful food on Emirates. Staff were, as you'd expect from Cathay, to be professional and courteous. All-in-all an enjoyable flight.
  Hong Kong to Auckland. Have flown Cathay Pacific a couple of times and love the service. On this flight we had the A350 aircraft, it is quieter than the Boeing 777. The seats are the same as the boeing 777 basically. The service in business class is very very good, better than other airlines we have flown with in both business and economy. The staff seem to go that much further.
  Los Angeles to Hong Kong. I was notified of the delay by 30 minutes the night before my scheduled arrival. When I board the aircraft, the crew has already been so annoyed by people moving around that they used a relatively unfriendly tone asking passengers to get settled down. Fortunately, their attitude improved after departure. The inflight food has a god taste, and the cup noodles provided between meals is hot enough. However as this a 16-hour flight, the crew provided a second meal at the middle of the flight, in the addition that many passengers have consumed their cup noodles before the second meal. This results in a poorer feedback of inflight food. The airline should consider providing a lighter meal or snacks at the middle of the flight. The inflight entertainment is ordinary. Generally the flight has been delayed by 1 hour and no apology has been made. 
  Hong Kong to San Francisco. This flight shows a significant improvement of the airline. The cutting-edge aircraft did provide a quieter cabin, A350 of Cathay Pacific shows a wider length between rows compared to Boeing 777 so that tall people can also feel the comfort. The inflight entertainment provides an effective touchscreen and a wide range of movies, while the food is also of high quality with choices and good taste. Movenpick ice cream is with dinner too. The cabin staff is so kind and willing to serve, with a smile on their face throughout the whole journey. The only problem is that the WIFI should somehow made complimentary to all people, say for 15 minutes or 10 MB, but this is not a problem for me.
  Hong Kong to Vancouver. Since Cathay has A350  I decided to transfer in Hong Kong to experience this fantastic aircraft. When I was boarding, I was attracted by its beauty, wonderful shape with the wonderful new livery. As I expected, 1-2-1 configuration for Business Class, which was really comfortable and you can have enough privacy when you are sleeping or working. In addition, there's wifi service on the A350, which may cost you $20 for whole flight, it's really useful when you want to keep in touch with your family even above the clouds! As its introduction said, this aircraft is very quiet that you can rarely hear the noise. Perfect design of the seats made me have a sweet dream on a tired long haul flight. If you ask me to mark this flight, I might give 99%.
 The 777-300 in business class on Cathay Pacific used on long-haul routes has excellent seats in 1-2-1 configuration. I flew on Feb 16 out of London on a plane with a pretty light load. Cathay is easy to deal with at the airport - no hassles with electronic boarding passes, lounges work fine, boarding process very smooth. The experience on the flight is excellent as well - good crew, decent food, excellent seats. There is nothing in particular to complain about - the seats may not be as wide as Singapore, the crew may not be as attentive as I have found on China Southern, the plane may be older than others - but this is a very solid airline with an excellent product. From Hong Kong to Singapore the plane used was also a 777-300 but with a denser short-haul configuration in business. The seats did not go flat or even angle flat but the design is more modern than traditional business bucket seats. Again the service is first rate and the way Cathay approaches things quite excellent. There was no wifi on either segment and the outlets did not work on the second leg.
 Whenever I fly Business with Cathay Pacific it has always been a pleasant experience from their Check-in station to the actual flight and even to Check-in baggage retrieval. This flight from Shanghai to Hong Kong was no exception to this excellence with special mention to the efficient staff at the check-in station in getting us through the process with the least amount of fuss.
  Toronto to Bangkok via Hong Kong on Chinese New Year. Flight from Toronto was surprisingly relatively empty for a transpacific Cathay flight. Cabin crew were pleasant were quick to respond to requests. Seat is wide and feels spacious, yet for a bulkhead seat, a 9 inch IFE is quite small. Movie selection is diverse and kept me occupied for the 15-hour flight. Catering was consistent, flavours not bad. However, since the flight left Toronto in the afternoon, lunch was served right after takeoff, but dinner was then served midway through the flight instead of prior to arrival, which is slightly odd. None the less, flight departed Toronto and arrived Hong Kong ahead of schedule. Hong Kong to Bangkok on a 2-class A330. Contrary to the Toronto flight, this flight was full. Pushback in Hong Kong was on time, but it took such a long time to receive clearance for takeoff from HKG that the flight arrived Bangkok 20 minutes late. Not the airline's fault. Deplaning in Bangkok was by stairs, which was odd for a CX flight. Crew were mostly Thai and were extremely pleasant throughout the 2.40hrs flight. Bags were quick to arrive. Overall, standard service and I look forward to using their service again.
  Cathay Pacific Airways is my favorite airline, more than 8 fights per day from Bangkok to Hong Kong for CX , however sometimes it has old aircraft which is not comfortable for the seat. The cabin crew were kind and helpful, they served Häagen-Daz icecream during the flight.
 Good points - Seats, Check-in experience. Bad points - Food (only 2 meals provided during 14 hour long journey), very few vegetarian options. For my first leg flying from Delhi to Hong Kong, the departure time was 1am and the first refreshments came 2 hours post take off. I reached Delhi airport at around 10 pm so I had to stay hungry the whole night. Furthermore, no socks, toothbrush, or eye cover for sleep were provided. Lastly, this airlines cabin crew are the rudest crew I have ever come across, keeping in mind I have travelled to over 15 countries. They focus mostly on business class passengers. I think Cathay Pacific is a hyped up airline. 
 Ho Chi Minh City to Chicago via Hong KongThe interior of the cabin appears a bit used. Seats are narrower than Singapore Airlines although I like the ability to flatten the seat without assistance. Video monitor is clear only from one very specific angle and height. Food is fair for business class. The worst part of the experience is the surly unfriendly attitude from the flight attendant crew. This is the second time I have flown Cathay Pacific and both times have received unfriendly service. When I went to the bathroom while the seat belt sign was on, I was told to "go sit down" like a child being scolded, even though there is no turbulence and at least 4 other customers had gone to the bathroom immediately before me with no hassle. I had to insist that I had to use the toilet before the flight attendant would let me pass. The service, by contrast, on my flight in the other direction via Singapore Airlines was perfection, the reason why they are consistently at the top of the list. The flight attendants were friendly, graceful, helpful, and attentive to all customers equally.
  Bangkok to New York via Hong Kong / Vancouver. Great staff on ground and in air. On my previous trip to NYC it got canceled due to airlines fault and was given compensation and rebooked via another airline (Etihad via Abu Dhabi), during whole process was shown respect and patience, can't be easy dealing with hundreds of angry travelers screaming but ground crew did an amazing job. On this flight: the check in process was quick and efficient and boarding was organized and fast. We left 10 minutes ahead of schedule going to Hong Kong on the A350. The connection at Hong Kong was alright, nothing special. The next segment was to New York JFK via quick stopover/security screening in Vancouver. During this flight the seats were very comfortable for the 12 hour flight and entertainment had plenty to chose from. The meal service was some of the best I've experienced and was offered snacks and drinks throughout the flight. The crew were very attentive and quick in their service. Overall great experience with Cathay Pacific!
  Manila to Hong Kong. The flight was ready and departing on time. The ground staff did a great job managing the priority boarding making it a very pleasant start to the flight. The food could, however, have been better than the one choice sandwich option. 
  Hong Kong to Manila. Flight, unfortunately, was delayed which can happen in a busy airport. The constant and timely information was excellent. The staff proactively helped to get me on another flight and everything worked out fantastic. Food could have been better than the one choice sandwich. 
 I will be taking Cathay Pacific flights to Osaka from Singapore on 16 Feb to 1 March 2018. For this I will be taking four flights altogether. I booked the ticket on 8 November 2017 which showed that all flights were on the A350-900 except for the Osaka to Hong Kong leg which was on a Boeing 777-300. Excited to try the new A350 from CX but now they changed all the flights to a B777-200 and B777-300 with seats configuration was 2-3-2 while A350 is 1-2-1 configuration having another passenger sitting right beside. No more privacy and comfort. Complaints have been made but no answer was given, his is ridiculous and unacceptable. I will not taking CX flights again.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Cathay operates its own lounge in Bangkok as well, it was still in very high standard though it was worse than those in Hong Kong, where you can find some Thai food and Chinese cuisine, and the ground staff was very friendly and paid attention to details. The flight experience in this Boeing 777-300 aircraft was fair, the cabin was equipped with the regional business seat without a flatbed, but the legroom was still spacious. The flight was delayed for like 45 mins even though the weather was fine. The crew was not that friendly that Cathay used to be. Inflight food was great, the company's lunch/dinner menu was always better than the breakfast. However, the 777-300 lighting was too yellow which makes the cabin looks a bit worn out.
  Hong Kong to Bangkok. Really impressed with the lounge in Hong Kong International Airport, The Pier. This was the most excellent lounge that I had never been. The drinks selection was really great with Chinese tea to alcohol. This was also my first time on A350 business class. The cabin was really quiet and the seat was comfortable with a flatbed even on this short haul flight. However, there was a damaged seat right next to me even in this brand new plane. The inflight entertainment was great with wide range movie selections. But the breakfast in flight was a bit plain where this was the only thing that should be improved.
 Flew Hong Kong to London Heathrow. I cherished flying with Cathay but this trip left me wondering whether I would ever travel with them again. Their lounges and seats are the best but the food and wine on board is abysmal. My experience was seriously clouded also by having to secure my dinner table with a tape and been told my agents before boarding that the table could not come out (which was not true) who then asked me if a wanted to move but completely ignored the fact that I was travelling with my partner who was not offered alternative seat in a not very busy cabin. One selects a particular seat for a reason and it is rather odd they ignored my partner as we were seated behind each other. The cabin crew hardly smiled and food from a supermarket would be better than what was served. A starter of dinner before landing was a plate of cut fruit. This in incredibly mean. The main (confit of duck) was as cold as ice. Cathay is going through a hard time but by serving supermarket type food they are telling loyal customer like me to look elsewhere. One flies with them because their fantastic lounges and spacious but no comfortable seats (I put a duvet on the seat to make it comfy, otherwise It is as hard as rock) but not for their food and wine. The new entertainment system is confusing to use. It is not user friendly.
  London Heathrow to Perth via Hong Kong. You learn a lot about a business when things go wrong. I've learned today that CP struggle greatly to deal with difficulties. My premium economy flight was originally scheduled for 17:15, to Perth via Hong Kong, but was subject to repeated delays until my connection was under threat. The people in the lengthy queue at the desk informed me the flight was unlikely to leave and that staff were rebooking people to other flights, even other airlines. I waited for more than two hours in the queue, eventually to be told that there were two options available . I could take the first leg in the 5 hour delayed original flight, with no onward connection available until 24 hours after the original, resulting in a full day delay. My other option was to fly another airline, to Sydney via Singapore, with a lengthy wait there until a connection to Perth, the latter leg in economy and around 14 hours delay. No upgrades were offered, despite those delays and the inconvenience. I asked about being upgraded and was very reluctantly offered business class on the first leg only, on the first option. That, apparently, is the very best they could do for me. During the conversation I was invited to explore other routes and options myself online if I thought I could do better, told that I should appreciate that they hadn't deliberately planned this disruption and informed that they were dealing with lots of people in the same situation - as though I was somehow not appreciating fully their problems and being rather selfish in the circumstances. I won't be flying with them again after this trip And I'll be spreading the word around our Australia-based business - not because they had a problem with my flight but because their response to it was haphazard and unsatisfactory.
 Flew London Heathrow to Ho Chi Minh via Hong Kong. What an incredible airline. There no is coincidence that they are a 5* airline. Everything about them was quality. The service from the cabin crew is the best I have seen. Extremely polite and friendly, will do anything for you. The food was very nice, washed down with a lovely glass of beer. Plenty of inflight entertainment to keep you occupied! Fantastic experience, if I can I will always fly Cathay Pacific.
  My first time to take A350 aircraft for Cathay Pacific. The aircraft is new in Hong Kong and not only the seats but also the screen of the entertainment system are perfect. CX 659 From Hong Kong to Bangkok, Thailand is a regional fight but offers a Haagen-Dazs ice cream and lots of drinks.
  Hong Kong to Singapore, flight is on time and the cabin crew are nice. I could take a good rest during the fight. It offers a dim sum box which contains lemon tea,  cup cake and some cookies. The flight departed on 01:40 from Hong Kong and arrive at 5:45, good for the business day.
 Flew Cathay Pacific Airways from Hong Kong to London Heathrow in Premium Economy. We checked in and dropped our bags off at the Airport Express terminal, Hong Kong station. Fast and efficient. Boarding at Hong Kong was well organised with PE prioritised after First and Business. PE seats benefit from being wider and having much more legroom - even though I’m over 6’4” tall I could stretch out. Crew were friendly and helpful, responding quickly to a service call for drinks and snacks. Breakfast was okay - same as economy - but lunch mains of lamb cutlets was really good.
  Seoul Incheaon to Hong Kong. The Boeing 777-300ER product is excellent. But this type of plane seldom appears in this 3-4 hours long route. The seat is spacious and comfortable. Width and legroom are superb. It comes with USB port and a large, high resolution IFE touchscreen. However, it feels a bit sticky. IFE is rich in content. On this supper time flight, a pack of peanuts and juice is served before the meal service. The main meal comes with fruit, bread, rice/spaghetti and a cup of Haagen-Daz ice cream, quite good in taste and portion. And the FA does remember which passengers are missing a cup of apple juice during meal service. Arriving on time, comfortable seat and smooth flight with a decent meal, really not bad at all.
  Hong Kong to Milan. Our flight departed with a delay of more than 8 hours. Once at the airport no one told us the real reasons of the delay. The weather conditions at Hong Kong airport were in fact perfect as at the destination. No strike actions occurred. The others airline companies didn't report any delay. Cathay Pacific provide us only a basic support as hotel accomodation and cheap dinner + breakfast voucher. With a such big delay and with the information reported above, a European company by law would have provide to the passengers also a relevant cash compensation. For this reason I consider the attitude of Cathay Pacific towards its customers not fair and it's when something goes wrong that we can measure the real attitude of a Company for its customer satisfaction.
 Flew Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong to Seoul, CX412. The aircraft is an 33P, a regional plane with hardshell seat for economy. The seat is reasonably spacious, not crowded by any means. As a hardshell seat, the seat slides down instead of reclining backwards. It is not as comfortable as CX longhaul seats but not bad. This design eliminates most irritation from the one sitting in front. The IFE is excellent, both in responsiveness and content. It provides a sea of Western and Asian movies, TV programmes and music. You definitely would not be bored onboard this flight. The flight arrived on time. The whole flight was silky smooth, almost no turbulence or shaking whatsoever. However, while all are good, the meal is an exception. In this red eye flight, the cold meal was presented in a paper box, not the usual set up. The portion is very small. The taste is terrible. It doesn't get any better if you order a special meal. They are equally pathetic. The drinks that come with the meal is a box of Vita lemon tea which is very sweet. It is good that you can still order other drinks, such as hot tea and water.
  Vancouver to Hong Kong. The passenger in front of me reclined their seat. They seemed to be having trouble with doing so they called their stewardess. After much banging of his seat he managed to recline his seat much further back than the passengers next to him, who had also reclined their seats. His seat did not stay in position so he braced his leg against the seat in front to maintain his seat in recline. I am 155cms in height and his seat was pressing into my knees. I spoke to the stewardess who called for her supervisor who told me that she could see nothing wrong and that if I removed my book from the pocket and stored it in the overhead locker I would have more room. As I intended to read my book I didn't wish to do this. The passenger in front overheard our conversation and started to make a fuss so the stewardess apologised to him whilst I was feeling both unheard and dismissed.  She then suggested that I move seat which I was more than happy to do. I asked if she could please help me move my things and she made a comment that I was not showing respect. She seemed to think that helping me move my things was beneath her. She then called upon the other stewardess to help me move. When I moved seat, the passenger in front of my reclined, I kept my book in the pocket and still had much more room than I originally had, which suggests to me that the seat in front was in fact broken to be able to recline that much.  I felt dismissed and was made to feel like a nuisance. On the approx 120 flights I have taken I have never complained about the leg room nor how the cabin crew have dealt with me.
  New York JFK to Hong Kong I want to sincerely thank the staff. I got sick and fainted on the airplane. My fault-due to dehydration. Everyone was so attentive-from the passenger that assisted me to his seat and offered me a drink to the staff. Once I regained my composure and went back to me seat, the staff attention was ongoing during the flight. Every 30 minutes someone came by to inquire on my well-being and to assure me that what occurred to me what normal. At the airport, after deplaning, several staff members recognize me and again wish me well. Thank you so very much for such fine care and assistance. 
  Vancouver to Bangkok via Hong Kong. I decided to pay a premium to fly with Cathay Pacific because of their reputation as aa airline providing extra amenities/service, enabling a more pleasant overseas flight experience. Our first issue encountered was our flight leaving Vancouver was late, which at the time we continued to feel confident in catching our transit flight as the connecting carrier was also with Cathay Pacific. Upon arriving in Hong Kong Cathay Pacific employees reassured us we would be on our booked flight. To our dismay, Cathay Pacific failed to expedite our airport transit time and our connecting flight left without us. There was no attempt made to help us with catching the connection and no apology given. We also had an arranged pickup in Bangkok for our scheduled arrival time, which was no longer available to us. Our original flight from Vancouver to Hong Kong was a scheduled 14 hour flight time and was the longest, most drawn out, disappointing flight in our lives. Our 2nd issue encountered was with the audio and video amenities expected with our Cathay Pacific flight, which were not working the entire time. I paid a premium to fly with Cathay Pacific, totaling $1918.00, expecting to be provided with a comfortable travel experience. This was non existent for the 14 hours we had to sit there in bewilderment. Cathay Pacific failed to provide a bare minimum service in relation to their standards.
 Newark to Singapore via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Boarding and check in at Newark was swift at that late hour. Boarding was somewhat orderly for the full flight. However a toilet issue delayed departure by an hour. This didn't impact too much on arrival time into Hong Kong and then onward to Singapore. The real star of this show was the A350. The aircraft was new, quieter than the 777 and the Cathay seats in economy were very comfortable. For a change, I did not feel sore or have a backache after the almost 15 hour flight to HKG. I was even able to get some sleep here and there- a first for me. Legroom is also decent. The seat back pocket issue is a real thing - which others have brought up. It didn't bother me as much after a while. The crew on both the flights from and to Newark, seemed to have a problem with the cabin lighting. There were occasions when the cabin was pitch dark, it would suddenly get super bright and then go back down to dim - for no reason. Service was generally efficient, the crew were always present throughout the flight and were pleasant enough when engaged. The large touchscreen IFE system is responsive, the airshow and onboard cameras great (during the day) but I felt the content available could have been expanded greatly. It seemed somewhat limited for a flight that long. The catering on all sectors seems to have not changed all that much over the years that I have flown with CX on this route. The tray is small, the portions are just adequate and sound better on the printed menu card than they taste. No amenity kits provided. A small, self-serve snack bar was set up in the galley for the long haul to HKG. From there to SIN, it was an A330 with the last generation seats, which were as comfortable but there seemed to be less legroom. A full flight with a similar experience with meals and crew. I would certainly fly CX on this route again, especially since its a quick, comfortable easy way to Singapore from the East Coast.
 I had a very pleasant flight from Hong Kong to New York with Cathay Pacific Airways. I was seated in 40K and suggest the bulkhead rows to anyone who doesn’t want to pony up the additional money for premium economy and doesn’t mind not having the option of having a bag with them during take off an landing as there’s significantly more legroom and the ability to climb over sleeping passengers. Staff are efficient, and were otherwise pleasant and fast to reboot my in-flight entertainment system that froze four hours into the flight. Food is better than average, economy seats have a nice recline so it’s possible to get some sleep. Once again proving that Asian, long haul carriers beat the US carriers any day. Be aware that Cathay doesn’t board by row or section, so the boarding process can be a bit nutty, also note, that they will not allow you to bring water purchased after security check on their plane, so don’t bother buying anything at the airport to bring on board with you.
 Zurich to Melbourne via Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific - turns out there is a sting in the tail. I am heading out on a work trip - and purchased a business class ticket because I knew that I might need to change flights due to meeting changes. 9th January 2018 - I called to change my flight on the 17th January. I thought that this was a reasonable amount of time to change a business class ticket. I would have been disappointed, but completely accepted if there were no tickets. What I was told was that there were not any seats available in my "booking class". Not something that I had ever heard of before - nor as you can imagine something that they promote when enticing you to buy their flexible ticket. Complete scam. They very kindly offered to: 1. allow me to pay the difference to the different booking class - what a scam! 2. go on a wait list for this booking class Lots of other business class seats available on the flight but no chance that this is what they will do. I asked if I could speak with someone who could help me - I had paid a lot of money after all so thought that this was unreasonable. I was told I could, but that the answer would be the same. When I said that I would still like to, I was then told that I actually couldn't because no one was there but i could wait on hold for up to 6 hours. I asked to go on the wait list and before I had pretty much finished saying the words I was hung up on. Not wanting to see if there was anything else I was needing, already have my money and no need to try any harder. All I can say is that you got my money this time but never again. Lots of other airlines out there who actually care about their customers.
  Chennai to San Francisco via Hong Kong. The handling of the boarding process is chaotic - one long line, no directions or instructions. Cabin service is acceptable but not as good as it used to be. Attendants seem stressed and lack pleasant disposition. Faucet in washroom was broken. Meals are at odd times - both meals within the first six hrs of a 12 hr flight. No wifi. Definitely an airline which is not as focused on superior experience which is a big deal on long flights.
  San Francisco to Hong Kong on Premium Economy with Cathay Pacific. I am Gold member with Cathay Pacific. I could feel of late service levels going down dramatically. In this particular flight, cabin service was really poor. The flight attendants look disinterested, tired and customer unfriendly. We ordered special meal. It was delivered and when drinks were served we were given a go. In the cutlery set there was 2 spoons, 2 Forks but no knife. When requested it took long time to deliver. I felt bad having booked full fare premier economy for the entire family for our holiday for this service. Asian Veg food quality was pathetic.
  Bangkok to Toronto via Hong Kong on the day after New Year's. Both flights were full, departed on time and arrived Hong Kong and Toronto early. Bangkok to Hong Kong on a regional 777-300. Seats were the old shell types. Boarding in Bangkok was chaotic, since the gate was poorly laid out, not the airline's fault. Seat: Though mildly comfortable, it wouldn't have been the best for my back if the flight was any longer than what it was (2 hrs 6 minutes). Padding was relatively rough and seat storage was limited. However, the positive side is that no one would recline into you. Hong Kong to Toronto on an older 777-300ER. Seats were standard of Cathay's long haul and made the 14-hour flight bearable and comfortable. Catering on both flights improved since my last trip, with the ice cream actually edible when handed out. The meals themselves were of adequate portions and tasted standard. Cabin crew were extremely pleasant on both flights, going out of their way to accommodate requests despite the turbulence both flights encountered along the way. Overall, another great trip with Cathay Pacific and I look forward to flying with them again.
  London to Auckland via Hong Kong in Premium Economy. Although PE is advertised as having a dedicated check in, at T3 LHR the bag drop is shared with Economy and there was a 15 minute queue. Boarding went smoothly with PE prioritised after First and Business, and the lower density of seating meant there was plenty of space in the overhead lockers. Seats were comfortable and, as someone who is 6’4” tall, I was delighted to be able to stretch out. Seat recline for sleeping was also good, although when the seats in front of us were fully reclined, it was quite difficult to get out. Amenity kit had all the basics but nothing special. Cathay’s in flight entertainment system had a good selection of films etc, the screen was a decent size and I appreciated the noise cancelling headphones. Food was disappointing - most of the meals were similar to what I have typically experienced in Economy on other airlines. Toilets were shared with Economy and were kept clean throughout both flights. Service from the crew was friendly and efficient throughout.
 New York to Hong Kong. The check-in was very smooth as the staff was very nice and security as well as boarding went well and quickly. When we boarded, we realised that there was a family of four with young kids seated behind us. The father kept on talking loudly, and the children kept on kicking my chair. The toilet was very easily accessible and clean as well. The flight attendants were very friendly and approachable, and service was superb. Food served was excellent as well. We arrived early, but took us at least 30mins to get through customs. Not the airline's fault, but made the journey worse. 
  This was the most unpleasant flight I have ever taken. A midnight flight from Singapore to Hong Kong, so short-haul. The flight crew with sulking faces, lack of friendliness and pretty much rude. Seats are old and dirty. Food is worst that 7-eleven breads, they don't even serve you any drinks apart from lemon tea. No food menu, no drink menu, no food selection. I was woken up abruptly by the flight crew because they need me to straighten up the chair. In-flight entertainment was very minimal with old movies and limited choice of shows and music. I will avoid this airlines if I can. If they want to remain in top-tier airlines, please game up the hygiene and services.
  Hong Kong to Los Angeles. The flight was amazing, although there were one or two bad parts about the experience. Unfortunately, the experience started off terribly. We were faced with an unfriendly check-in staff member. There were additional security checks in place for flights to the US, and they were quick and smooth. Boarding was  smooth.  Premium Economy cabin for this flight was only 1/3 full. We were able to move around easily. The flight attendants were extremely nice, friendly and approachable and provided excellent service. IFE has plenty of movies to watch. The meal was delicious. We arrived in Los Angeles on time, but my mother had accidentally left her iPad on the seat. One of the crew members ran in and got it out for her quickly.
  Toronto to Bangkok via Hong Kong. The Toronto-Hong Kong sector was overnight and was uneventful for the most part. Cabin crew were professional and attempted to engage with passengers during and after meal service. Catering was consistent, and the Western option for both dinner and breakfast were of adequate portions and were tasty with no flavour too overpowered. However, the ice cream was almost liquid when received. Flight departed on time and arrived Hong Kong 20 minutes earlier than schedule. Hong Kong to Bangkok sector also on a 3-class 777-300ER. Similar to the long haul sector, cabin crew were pleasant and professional. Flight departed Hong Kong 15 minutes late but arrived Bangkok on time. Overall, though components of the catering deteriorated, Cathay Pacific provides a flexible and reliable service and I look forward to the return trip with them soon.
 Are standards slipping? Had a very inconsistent flight flying from London Heathrow to Hong Kong. Check in was professional but had to ask at reception if someone was available to take our orders for breakfast at the fantastic restaurant in First Class Lounge. Food was just ok. Boarding was professional. Then everything went downhill. Indifferent crew and dreadful food. One option of starter with a salad but no dressing was served with it. Rice with main was very hard. Crew did not offer to top up drinks or offered more bread. I asked for a mid flight snack and the noodle was still hard so asked for rhe burger which was actually very good. Breakfast option was also excellent but I was not offered coffee or hot drinks and for some reason I was ignored by cabin member who served people around me. The cabin service director, who after I complained about the robotic, unprofessional and indifferent service, came to see if all was ok, was horrified I was ignored. Seat is spacious but very very hard so best to ask for another duvet as use a a mattress. It does wonders. I love Cathay but was seriously let down on this trip.
 Flew London Heathrow to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Excellent flight experience. Check in counter was efficient with a very short queue, although the place was 90% full. The new Airbus A350 was really nice. TV screen was larger than the equipment on other airlines, with a new IFE system which was very user-friendly. Food was fair, but I could manage to get an extra meal as I was quite hungry. The new equipment was nice and clean and the flight arrived Hong Kong well ahead of schedule. I was really impressed with the new A350.
  Bahrain to Hong Kong via Dubai in September 2016. Excellent value for money and great service, food and in-flight entertainment. The flight was comfortable, one of the flight attendants allowed us to change our seats to the priority ones that are just in front of the toilet (Dubai to Hong Kong). The cabin crew from Bahrain to Dubai were not the friendliest and they seemed to be trainees. The food and the programming were in point.
  Hong Kong to Paris CDG. I am a little bit skeptical about Cathay. It is clearly a top airline and perhaps their CDG-HKG-CDG route is not highly strategic. HKG airport lounge first class lounge is far away from boarding gate. No announcement was made of the flight delay, and as you are not escorted to the plane (this service is standard procedure for some airlines) you end up waiting before a closed boarding gate! Luckily there was a closer Business class lounge (named the bridge I think), which proved perhaps more comfortable than the First class one. I decided to have them wait for me and didn’t move until they called my name (I was naughty but it was very late). The seat is extremely comfortable. Once transformed into your bed, it is very large.  A special mention for the pyjama. Flight attendants were very nice. The night ambiance of the plane was standard and I missed the privacy of Air France curtains or Singapore airline sliding doors. Breakfast was not memorable but I am very picky with breakfast.
  Hong Kong to Milan. A mediocre economy flight. The seat was pretty comfortable as CX standard even if my charging port was not working and the entertainment selection good. On the other hand the meal was the worst part of the flight. The menus were distributed, but only one to be shared each 3 passengers (saving on paper?). Food was boring looking and not in a great quantity. Bread not very well heated. What is worst is that they serve filtered water from jars. Breakfast of congee or eggs with sausage. I believe that CX catering is most boring and predictable. Service was efficient but very cold. Next time I would consider flying with EK or QR. Despite the flights are not direct they are more enjoyable and much cheaper. 4 Hours more travelling are worth if you enjoy the experience more.
 Hong Kong to Manila. I was quite elated that my husband purchased tickets from this airline since it was a reputable carrier known to me whenever I travelled during my early teens. I ended up disappointed. They only open air con when the plane flies. The engine was noisy. They only served a sandwich wrap for food. Juices will only be served if you ask. They don't offer condiments. I will give it a 3.5 star since we got the flight on sale and we arrived safely
  Singapore to Hong Kong on CX710. I thought Cathay Pacific was a good airline but this trip proved it wrong. The fare was expensive it was one of my worst flight experiences. My seat did not recline which was a big let down. The food choice was limited. On my flight, the meal that they were serving were omelette and seafood porridge. I wanted the omelette but by the time meal delivery got to my seat they they had run out of omelette.  The flight attendant said that she would try to see what she has and give us more food to compensate but we didn’t hear from her again. The meal service took a long time. The inflight entertainment had so little choices. The screen was not very responsive.  I pressed the crew call button and it took a long time for  crew to respond.
 Flew Osaka to London via Hong Kong. I heard good things about Cathay Pacific but this proved to be an unpleasant experience. I ordered vegetarian meals which were not supplied because the airline changed my seat at the last minute so someone else got my meal - instead I was given a pot noodle. Then on the HK London flight the plane was filthy and shabby. Again no vegetarian meals - for breakfast, the stewards heated up a chick pea curry which was obviously leftover from another flight and pretty rank at 4am. One of the toilets was out of order so people had to queue for ages. The pillows and blankets were disgusting. Horrible!
  Vancouver to Kolkata via Hong Kong. I was also carrying a lot of chocolates that everyone was planning to use at my sister's wedding. I chose Cathay Pacific because of a 24-hour flight to CCU. Only 2 stops, but it happened to be my worst flight experience ever! Flight from Vancouver was delayed, and connecting flight was missed. Cathay informed us that the quickest connection was to be a delay of 24-hours, and that via Singapore with one more stop. Thus, a 24 hour flight was now 48-hour flight. I missed my sister’s wedding, due to the sheer mismanagement of Cathay. Even after informing them about my urgency, they did not offer me a different route! When I checked online, I found a connection to Kolkata available which allowed me to reach earlier! On mentioning that to the ground staff, they informed us, it is not from a partner flight; hence they cannot offer that flight! Ground staff did not know how to apply for a Hong Kong permit. Hence, we did not get a Visa, and had to stay in the airport lounge for one whole night. The lounge did not have a place to sleep. In-flight, the flight attendants could not provide me the meal I asked for. They offered me a vegetarian meal, when I specifically asked for a non-vegetarian chicken meal. Thus, during this experience with Cathay, I did get the flights I booked the tickets for, did not get the food I asked for, nor did I get a place to sleep at night. The staff and customer service was also not cooperative at all. The customer support was very negligent, and did not reply favorably to my request. I am a student, and strive hard to make to ends meet. I do not have any extra money to waste on an irresponsible airline, who does not try to attend to their customers. I would discourage anyone to travel through Cathay Pacific due to their poor services. 
 New York to Hong Kong. Started with a moody ground crew at JFK during check in. More comfortable flight with longer leg room and slightly bigger in width seat. However Halal food was disappointing. Was given a vegetarian breakfast. Dinner was bland rice with curry chicken and black beans. Food reminds me of army camp food. We were hungry during the long flight. Halal food ia not vegeterian food. I envy other passengers having nice meat in their meal. Staff were helpful and friendly but I felt should have offered more drinks and snacks.
 My first experiences with Cathay Pacific were in economy more than 10 years ago on flights from YVR to Bangkok and NYC. They were such excellent experiences that they became the Holy Grail for good service. However I didn't travel to the Far East again until recently. We booked Premium Economy expecting our previous service to be surpassed. I would still recommend Cathay based on reliability and the competence and courtesy of all their ground and air crews. However the space and meals in Premium Economy left a lot to be desired. I realize that a lot has changed in 10 years but recent Premium Economy experiences on Lufthansa, Air Canada and BA to Europe were much better. The food was awful particularly on the HKG to YVR leg. The menu promised a selection of several wines but only two were on hand and the white was warm. The food was wretched and I'm not one to complain. It was overcooked, cheaply made, unimaginative and served in awkward plastic containers. Absolutely nothing premium about it and if economy is worse then something is amiss with their customer service strategy. I wonder if inconsistency is a problem because we could only book economy of their flight to Hanoi where we were surprised to be served a meal at all and it was better than the ones on the long haul premium flights. The seats were not roomy and the look and feel of the cabin was grubby. The hard-working and pleasant crew spent an unusual amount of time flogging their Duty Free products which made us feel like we were on EasyJet at times. In short, service and style has deteriorated from past experiences. Another factor may have been the over-zealous and officious crew director.
 I took a midnight flight with Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong to London Heathrow which was very full. I was able to change my seat after boarding as the USB plug on my initial seat was not working. The food was pretty good. I was impressed they served desserts twice during dinner and snack time. IFE was with a very wide range of movies which were very new. Seats on 777 were quite fair but I was really impressed with the very sensitive IFE screen.
  Manchester to Sydney via Hong kong. I can only echo other reviews. Service very poor. Towards the end of the flight I felt ill and pressed my button for service 3 Times. Once was acknowledged and promised but no soda water and twice I was ignored. It was only when I reported it strongly that the service manager gave me assistance. Insisting I used the economy toilet which was disgusting this did not help. We were served economy meals which were uneatable (apart from the piece of chocolate). I would not recommend this premium service, premium it isn’t.
  Frankfurt to Seoul via Hong Kong. The flights were really pleasant. Starting off with the ground crew at FRA airport who were nice and helpful. Cabin crew was incredible on all flights. The food from HKG to ICN was pretty bad, on the other flights it was good! Would recommend the airline.
  Kansai to Taipei. This flight  a long haul type seat which was 1-2-1 layout. This seat was super comfortable. Also the main course, beef was juicy and tender. I really like the Cathay Pacific service, very efficient and professional. The headphone they offered was really nice.
  Hong Kong to Taipei. This was an excellent flight. The service was nice and detail to every small things. Although it was short haul flight they offer Krug  on this flight and Bose noise cancelling headphone set. The main course pork chop was really nice and so did the dessert.
 Cathay Pacific offered good catering service on this flight. The lamb chop was tender and juicy. Also the champagne was really nice. The drink list was attractive. The cabin crew service was very professional. Although the seat in this flight was the regional type, but it was still really comfortable.
 Positifs : Personnel sympathiques à bord, repas très correct et nous sommes partis à l'heure. Négatif : Sièges durs et peu confortable. Heureusement le vol ne durait que 3 heures. Plus que ça, ça aurait été très désagréable. C'est la première fois que j'ai un siège aussi dur. - Positives: Friendly staff on board, very decent meal and we left on time. Negative: Hard seats and uncomfortable. Fortunately the flight lasted only 3 hours. More than that, it would have been very unpleasant. This is the first time I have a seat so hard.

 Paid considerably extra for Premium Economy ticket. Seating comfort and inflight entertainment system is fine but still compromised when seat in front is reclined. That's it. That is all you get extra for the big price difference between economy and so called premium economy. Extra inflight services and attention from cabin crew non existent. Not offered a single service of any kind throughout the trip apart from the regular meals. On one occasion tray was removed without offer of tea or coffee. Ran out of dishes on the menu offered economy meal instead which was terrible. Have seen better inflight service on a package holiday flight. Lesson learned - Do not fly Premium Economy, it is not worth it. Would not recommend this airline to anyone.
  Los Angeles to Chennai via Hong Kong. The flight was on time. The inflight service was average. I had a wheelchair request when the tickets were booked (at the airline website) and still, I did not get it for my connection flight at Hong Kong. It was a pathetic situation as there was more than 10 passengers waiting and finally one service person comes with a single wheelchair, collects our hand luggage and walks us to the Gate of the connecting flight.  After walking, my knee was swollen and I could not walk upon landing at my destination. I had faced the same problem when I came from Chennai to Los Angeles and wanted to be better this time. No change. Even worse is the assistance you get at Hong Kong don't even speak English. I am not sure how and why? I am also not sure if this is some kind of step-motherly treatment. Long time ago this airline used to be good. I would not recommend this airline. Typical attitude. Very unfortunate.
  Bali to Gatwick via Hong Kong. This airline has to be the worst airline I have ever been on. The cabin crew spoilt the journey for me and my partner. They were rude, miserable and uninterested. You did not see any crew apart from when it was meal time which was so disorganised. If you wanted another drink apart from your meal one you had to get up and walk to the back where all of them were standing around chatting and laughing to ask them for one but only a small amount of water was offered. I tried to be helpful with our dinner trays and was told not to do it again as it was not helpful! When I was putting my hand luggage up in the locker a stewardess barged past me making me fall into the seats. The list goes on and on. I think it says something about the airlines attitude to their passengers, that only first class and premier fliers are welcomed onto the plane in your PA announcements. I would guess that economy passengers make far more income for the airline as a whole and maybe you should consider treating them with a little more respect.
  Singapore to Hong Kong. The Boeing 777-300ER is usually reserved for long distance travel, the seat was quite comfortable. From check in at terminal 4 Changi till landing in HKG was pretty smooth. Terminal 4  had a different security procedure than the other terminals (liquids out, laptops and iPads in!). Service was pretty good, I was recognized as an emerald member which to me shows that the crew are diligent and attentive. Food was usual for economy but I liked the ice cream touch at the end. Entertainment system on board has the latest movies and even some unique chinese films I thought. There was no WiFi in the plane. I will fly them again.
  London to Shanghai via Hong Kong. The first-class cabin, with just six seats, is great. The wine list, led by Krug, is excellent, though short. The on-board service is attentive and generally excellent. After you kick off the meal with caviar, the food is disappointing. I realize that preparing food in the air presents particular challenges, but I don't know why airlines serve overcooked and underseasoned dishes. My main gripe with Cathay is with the ground service, which is non-existent. The First lounges are hard to find and not worth the trouble as the service and food are limited and worse than in business. For goodness sake: Even at the home airport of Hong Kong, there was no help with finding how to transit or to find the lounge. The low point for me was when I finally found the right place to transit, I was sent back to the CX desk because my boarding pass wouldn't scan. (The onward business-class flight from Hong Kong to Shanghai was excellent.) Next time, I'll fly business.
  Hong Kong to London. Awesome experience, we got upgraded from Premium Economy. The seat was comfortable, loads of legroom, lie flat beds, warm blanket, very attentive service and lovely food. In flight entertainment was great (including 3D golf!). Very helpful crew, just the right level of personalisation. Such a memorable experience, would recommend this airline.
 I flew Cathay Pacific last Feb from Hong Kong to Tokyo and was looking forward to their new A350 from Newark to Hong Kong. The airline boarding experience was chaotic. The on board ambiance and professional service was outstanding. The aircraft is truly wonderful. The economy seats were nothing short of dreadful. They have to be the narrowest seats on any airline. I managed to book premium economy on the return flight which proved to be outstanding, I guess in reality Cathay is offering coach and steerage. I will fly them again, but will save my pennies for the essential upgrade.
  Boston to Hong Kong. With a flying time of 15.45 hours this is one of the longest routes in Cathay Pacific's network and I was bracing for the worst as I was going to travel in economy class. However it turned out to be a very pleasant experience thanks to the hardworking and friendly crew. Dinner was served shortly after take-off and a couple hours later there was a snack-service with cup noodles. The western style breakfast served two hours prior arrival was tasty and plentiful. What impressed me the most on this flight was how well-groomed the crew appeared, even after having been on duty for more than 14 hours. I stepped off the plane feeling refreshed and ready for a full day of duties ahead. This was Cathay Pacific at its best.
 Kansai to Bangkok via Hong Kong. Check in at Kansai was quick and efficient as was security priority line. After having a look around the shops proceeded to the lounge and although quiet the 3rd party lounge used by CX is nothing special. Boarding from gate 3 on to a clean aircraft although appeared a little old configured in 2-3-2 reginoinal business class was comfortable enough for this flight, seat 14A had enough room to relax pre departure drinks etc provided. Once airborne a full meal service offered which was very good and enjoyed by both myself and partner. Managed 2 hours sleep during the 3hr 30min flight arriving in HKG on time. Used the CX Bridge lounge during the 2hr transit which was very nice with good food offering showers etc. Flight to BKK boarded from gate 31 a pretty old looking regional 777 but clean flight was full but again pre departure drinks and towels offered departed on time once airborne a lunch was served which wasn't as good as the first flight but okay. Arrived BKK a little late but otherwise 2 very nice flights with great service from ground and air crew I will be looking to use CX again long haul when I travel again.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. This was part of a connecting flight to Boston. Cathay changed aircraft type on this route to an A330-300, a two class version with no Premium Economy class( which I had booked ), only business (regional class business) and economy. I was happy to learn that Cathay reassigned me to a business seat, and provided me with business class lounge access in both Bangkok and Hong Kong, all without me asking. The online and ground communication were great. The service was great. Staff were professional and courteous. The flight was 2.5 hours, but a full meal and drink service were provided. Their regional class business seat is far better than US domestic first or business class product. However, you still have to climb over your neighbor to access the aisle.
  CX260, Paris CDG to Hong Kong. I can’t believe this is a 4-star airline because there were quite lousy moments. To begin with, check-in at CDG was unsatisfactory. After using their automated check-in, we were to drop our suitcases. We are small-framed females, but the man at the counter did not help us putting the suitcases on the drop-in counter at all. He was just watching and waiting for us to lift our suitcases even after we repeatedly asked for help. We told him that my sister broke her wrist and was unable to lift the suitcase. Only after that, he finally very reluctantly helped us. On board, our seats were far back in the cabin, but not the very last in the row. During the meal service, an FA in our aisle started to serve the meal from the front, but she was slower than the FA serving the meal for the other aisle. Finally, another FA started to serve the meal to people sitting behind us. We were the last ones being served and consequently ended up not getting the choice of meal. The FA offered fish, saying "it’s low cal" as if we need to save our caloric intake! Being the last ones to get served and not getting what we wanted made us very unhappy. The entertainment is OK. The aircraft was a bit old. Meal quality is mediocre. I’ve flown with CX several times, but maybe it’s time to consider another choice.
 The whole flight from Hong Kong to Taipei was totally seamless. No queues in check in counter The flight was delayed for a few minutes due to traffic control but I could still reach the destination slightly ahead of schedule. The food for after tea time was good and the crew was very efficient. IFE was still always with the updated movie selections. Baggage could be collected immediately after immigration. the whole process was really smooth and perfect
  Frequent flyer top tier level on Cathay Pacific flying from Ho Chi Minh to Hong Kong. Unfortunately, the Ho Chi Minh ground service were so disorganized that all frequent flyer loyalty benefit were not achieved. They did a great job making you feel like a discounted tour group travel. Disappointing and not what I would expect from Cathay.
  Uneventful flight from Bangkok to Hong Kong. I had some very good experiences in the past with Cathay Pacific, and this time, I was not disappointed. Seats in Economy class were comfortable, the service was friendly and efficient and the meal was tasty.
  London to Hong Kong. It seems from this trip that Cathay Pacific have followed British Airways in cutting standards of what they give during the flight. Seat comfort is fairly standard, cramped economy class of today, but I was shocked at condition of the cabin. Many seats with damaged, torn covers, armrests dented and scratched and stains on the carpets. Worst of all is the poor food served and I would have rather a low-cost option where I could buy something decent to eat onboard. The cabin staff seemed disillusioned and unhappy in their service, and maybe they are fed up with cutbacks? Sad to see a once great airline drop to such low levels.
  Gatwick to Hong Kong, The A350 was a beautiful aircraft to fly on and made the long 12 hour journey much easier, a very nice plane to travel on. Cathay Pacific did not have a good style of boarding, rather than boarding economy from back to front to avoid congestion, all of economy was called at once and boarding took way too long and there was too much isle congestion. The cabin crew were not friendly or helpful at all, on most airlines I've flown the cabin crew greet you and direct you to your seat, on Cathay you get on, nothing happens and you find your own way, the crew just stood there talking. The seats were comfortable although the seat pockets on the seats were directly connected with fabric and no internal plastic, meaning whenever you or somebody else went into the seat pocket, the person in front felt it quite a lot and it was frustrating while trying to sleep. The meal options werent great, considering it was a flight from England to Asia, you'd expect there to be British style options as well as Asian, not on this flight. On dinner service the crew were rude, "what do you want" I understand their first language is not english, but being a flight from an English speaking country you'd expect there to be a little better knowledge. I noticed most people had bread rolls, I didn't get one so I asked for one, the attendant thought I was trying to get two and explained it was only one per passenger, I told her that I hadn't been given one and she didn't believe me. All in all the flight was average, but Cathay was disappointing and I wouldn't fly with them in future unless it was considerably cheaper than other options.
  Manila to Amsterdam via Hong Kong. In Manila, I wasn't set to leave until 12 noon but they gave me the option to board the 8.30am flight to Hong Kong, which gave me a chance to relax a bit when I got there. The food was great for the long haul leg and the schedule was smartly done to minimise jetlag. The crew of both flights were helpful and they gave me an extra meal when I wasn't satisfied with the first round. I will fly with them again.
 Paris to Hong Kong. Well it seems the Europe run flight crew are a bit slack compared to the Sydney and HK crew. But first, the Premium Economy section toilet was broken, so we had to go way down the back of the plane and stand in long queues to use the loo. There was no salt and pepper. We asked, they said ok. It never came. We asked for water and got two cups of warm water. We were told there was no ice cream choice, chocolate or nothing, and then they served strawberry to the rear. They did not distribute immigration forms for Hong Kong, which delayed our processing, and which is inexcusable slackness. The tea is poor. The seats have a rigid divider, so when I needed to exit from my window seat I could not get past the man lying all the way back in the row in front and refusing to lift his seat for me. For all that I arrived in OK shape and had a safe and comfortable trip. Check in was efficient and friendly, I was a priority client needing a wheelchair and all of that was fine, albeit with a few reminders to the crew that a wheelchair was required on arrival in HK. I needed oxygen half way across, due to the long walk back from the loo and the struggle under the seat as described above, as I have a respiratory condition, the air was thin and I  was severely oxygen depleted, and the crew were marvelous about that. The seats were very comfortable for 12 hours (unlike the business class seats, which were bad for the backside, on our trip over to Europe).
  Dusseldorf to Hong Kong. Efficient check-in and security checks at DUS. However, the waiting area for non-Schengen flights after the passport control is tiny, not big enough or have enough seats even for one A350 flight, not to mention there were also other flights to UK etc. Brand new plane, with comfortable seats. However there's no hard protection between seat pocket and seat in front, therefore when the person behind you put/take some thing in the pocket, you will feel everything. Mediocre meals were too salty. Good service by the cabin attendants but definitely not on the same level of friendliness or attentiveness compared to some other Asian airlines with 5-star rating.
  This was my return trip after a very average trip over to Hong Kong. The service was much better, but still rushed with no attendance by the flight crew between meals. Cathay Pacific is a seriously average airline. In my previous review I suggested not wasting money on premium economy with this airline. My return trip from Hong Kong has cemented this view.
  I really can't understand why this airline is an awarded airline. The service is rushed and unfriendly, and as a premium economy flyer, the only difference between economy seems to be priority boarding and a slightly bigger seat. It is by far the worst premium economy offering I have experienced, with my comparison being Virgin Australia, Virgin Atlantic and Qantas. My flight wasn't bad, just very average. Don't waste your money on premium economy with Cathay Pacific.
  Kansai to Paris via Hong Kong. Everything smooth. So nice to have the feeling you are welcome on board. Comparing with some Asian carriers, you note that C class seats are more comfortable than on some airlines. Aircraft are cleaner than some Chinese airlines. IFE is more western-oriented than other. Drinks are adapted to British taste. Staff is not robotic.
  Hong Kong to New York JFK. The inbound flight from CCU arrived on time and I was able to make a smooth transfer at HKG. I found the security transfer check at HKG to be among the most civilized and rarely crowded. Before boarding, staff at tables inspected, perfunctorily, the carry on bags of all passengers. The flight arrived on schedule. Boeing 777 cabin and its 1-2-1 herring bone layout with fully flat seats is my favorite. It offers spaciousness and privacy. The entertainment system offered a large collection of films that could be accessed on an easy to use control pad. Good selection of entrees, wines, and various snacks, bathrooms kept clean, and attentive flight attendants made the flight a very pleasant experience. At JFK's Terminal 8 used by Oneworld, passport control was smooth - I used the automated passport reader and was out of the terminal in no time. Cathay Pacific delivered a very satisfying flying experience and will be my first choice when I travel on this route again.
  Gatwick to Hong Kong. Having flown this airline on many occasions, this was the first time that I really enjoyed the trip. I'm not sure if it was because the aircraft was new or if it was because the inflight entertainment system was the best that I have come across or because I had a open seat next to me. The crew were really great in economy, but all in all it was a 5 star experience.
  Flew from Osaka to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific, slightly delayed on departure but arrived ahead of the schedule. Cabin was clean, seat was comfortable with plenty of legroom in their new A350 aircraft. Cabin crew were attentive and professional even on a busy flight. Meal was somewhat overheated? I picked a chicken on rice but some rice became charred!
  Flew Taipei to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Check in was smooth and the flight departed slightly ahead of schedule. The IFE was excellent with a lot of movie selection, but sadly the flight was too short so I couldn't finish the film on my flight. Cathay's new economy seats were quite good with a very sensitive touchscreen monitor and I can charge up my phone using my own USB cable. The flight attendants were attentive and I could still buy some duty-free products on such short flight. However, they served Chicken rolls as a breakfast which was quite disappointing.
  London Heathrow to Hong Kong. The outbound flight was everything a business class experience should be. On time departure and arrival, excellent cabin crew, comfortable seat, tasty food and drink and a wide range of IFE options. The return leg was very different. We boarded the aircraft slightly late to be told that there was no IFE or at-seat power throughout the whole aircraft! To compound matters we pushed back 90 minutes late and disembarked at Heathrow behind schedule by the same margin. While Cathay provided express passes to speed me through the airport to make my connection this worked until I hit "fast track" security at T5 where there were horrendous queues. I did make my connection, but only just.
  Flew from Amsterdam to Manila (via Hong Kong) and 2 months later Manila to Amsterdam (via Hong Kong). I was very excited for the first flight. I'm a tall person but the seats were still spacious enough for me on this 11 hours flight. A few days earlier before the flight I checked online to see which TV shows and movies would be available on the flight, but while on the flight I couldn't find a specific TV show that was supposed to be available, no big deal. The food is a bit hit-and-miss for me, had a very delicious fish meal on the first flight and on another flight had a beef meal that tasted like something very simple I would cook at home quickly. For dessert they will give you an ice cream. There's also noodles available at any time during the flight if you like, and some other snacks like chocolate and chips. On the short haul flights they have chicken lattice pastry, it was very delicious. Of the 4 flights I had with them, one of them was with an older plane and had no IFE, but it was only a 2 hour flight. Flight attendants of Cathay Pacific are very courteous and listen to you. Overall good experience, would fly with them again.
  Bangkok to Chicago via Hong Kong. Check in in Bangkok was a breeze, a lot of counters open. Staff were courteous and offered to check my bags all the way through to Toronto (which was my final destination but with a different airline). Boarding commenced early, and the flight was approximately 60% load, with only 2 seats in Premium Economy filled. Arrived Hong Kong on time. The only frustrating part was the walk to the other side of the terminal for my Chicago-bound flight. I got to use The Wing lounge briefly and I was impressed but the facilities, I find the lounge super busy compared to the other ones such as The Bridge. Hong Kong to Chicago on a Boeing 777-300ER. Full flight and a slightly late due to late transfer passengers. The cabin crew proactively trying to accommodate seat change requests (some families were separated throughout the plane) despite the language barrier with some passengers who neither spoke English nor Chinese or Cantonese. Catering consistent for long haul flights. The one abnormal thing I found was the timing of the meal service. There was lunch service right after take off and the dinner was served mid-flight. After that, there were no meal service at all, just cup noodles upon request. Despite the late departure, the captain made up time on route and the flight arrived Chicago half an hour earlier than schedule. Overall, a very pleasant flight and I look forward to using their service again in the winter.
  New York to Singapore via Hong Kong and had a total of 5-6 hours of delay, 2-3 hours each for New York to Hong Kong and Hong Kong to Singapore. I was not given sufficient explanation for the delay and only formal apologies came back every time I asked what was going on. Experiencing such delay on top of flying 21 hours is no fun and I certainly did not pay for that. Would I fly with them again? I don't think so unless it's so cheap I can fly their business at another airline's economy fare. Average service, mediocre food.
  This is the third time we have flown business class from Auckland to London via Hong Kong with Cathy Pacific. The new A350 on the Auckland / Hong Kong leg makes a big difference than the old A340. The crew were most friendly and professional. The window seats for us are the best features / direct aisle access but most of all the privacy from other passengers is what you are paying for. IFE was excellent on the A350 not so clear on the 777-300. The only disappoint for me is the food presentation and quality - its not that flash and could be better. But for us, its the cost and Cathy Pacific prices are far more competitive than than the likes of Air New Zealand, why pay 7000 NZD more each to reach the same destination and sit in inferior business class with no privacy. 
  Manila to Gatwick via Hong Kong. My flight from Manila was supposed to depart at 21.15 but was late due to bad weather. Boarding was slow and finally took off nearly an hour late, my stewardess was so lovely and friendly, apologised for the late arrival, I was one of three passengers in business class the other two were upgraded. By the time we arrived at HK there were just 35 minutes to catch my flight to London, I had to run to get to the internal security which was at the wrong end of the airport (had to take an internal train), when I got through to my horror the gate was a good 15 minutes away, again I had to rush to the gate, no time for lounge, made it with just a few minutes spare. I am not annoyed since this was not Cathay Pacific fault. From HKG to London, the flight was very comfortable and as I said before this A350 is so superior in so many ways. But I was not happy, I am in Business class and there were only two choices of meals and I could not eat either of them, ended up having starter, bread and cheese, I am sorry but this is not good enough, I paid a hefty price and to only have two choices of meals just because it is supper only. Slept well but was hungry. Simple solution email premium passenger giving us a choice of food to reserve on the flight. There is wi-fi but I chose not to use it.
  Los Angeles to Denpasar via Hong Kong. Check-in process was easy, the website check-in was manageable, however, they were unable to print my boarding pass (happy to know it didn't affect my seat selection). My only other exposure to a Top 10 Airline is Singapore and therefore, most of the time, I was comparing my experiences with both airlines. Maybe it is me, but I felt the space between spaces was slightly wider on Cathay Pacific than Singapore. For economy, Cathay Pacific did not provide us with hand towels. The airplane felt a bit older, the flight from Hong Kong to Bali, the seats didn't even recline at all. They just slid down.  The flight attendants were very professional in addressing these two annoying passengers, that annoyed everyone around them. They were extremely patient with those guys as well when they asked every female attendent's number. I don't mind flying them again but I just prefer newer airplanes.
  Hong Kong to Bangkok. My original flight was delayed due to terrible weather. The ground staff was very efficient and arrangement to an earlier flight very quickly, though I have no time to enjoy the business class lounge. The food was quite okay, not good not bad. IFE was awesome and the new long haul business class seats was a flat bed and it had so much leg room.
  Flew Cathay Pacific from Melbourne to Hong Kong. Improve your current services before you introduce anything new. Biting off more you can chew by the looks of the current cut in staff and/thus the shocking customer service. Delayed flight today, then cancelled, sent to immigration, then flight was uncancelled, walk back to gate with no guidance from Cathay staff. 300 people aimlessly walking around the airport. Got to the gate, waited half an hour to find out the flight was cancelled again. Minimal to no remorse for the inconvenience which shows their lack of regard for customer satisfaction.
  Vancouver to Bangkok via Hong Kong on Canada Day. Flight from Vancouver was delayed 2 hours due to the late departure of the aircraft from its origin (New York-JFK). Ground staff in Vancouver assured me I would have time to make the connection in Hong Kong due to the shorter flight time than usual (12.25hrs on the YVR-HKG sector compared to the usual 13.00+ hrs). I was skeptical due to my past experiences with this particular itinerary. I had no choice but to keep my old connecting flight. As a Marco Polo Club Silver Member, I was entitled to use the First and Business Class lounge in Vancouver. The YVR lounge is definitely superior to some in Hong Kong due to less crowds and quality staff. The serenity and assuring gestures from the lounge staff calmed me down and depleted my anxiety about my connecting flight. Flight to Hong Kong on a Boeing 777. Seat was very spacious with several storage compartments even in Economy Class. Inflight meals were standard as per Cathay's long haul service and cabin crew worked hard to meet every need to passengers. Arrived Hong Kong an hour later than initially scheduled, only to find out my original connection was delayed by 2 hours. Although slightly devastated, I was relieved as I no longer had to run to make the flight. The Bridge lounge in Hong Kong had adequate space and serenity for me to relax and rest prior to my connecting flight. Cathay Pacific has excelled with their lounges, whether it be the space or amenities/facilities. Flight to Bangkok boarded on time with the new departure time but took almost an hour to obtain clearance from Air Traffic Control due to the busy period at Hong Kong Airport. Ultimately, flight departed Hong Kong 3 hours late and arrived Bangkok almost 4 hours late due to congestion at Bangkok Airport, resulting in a holding of almost 30 minutes. I was upgraded to Premium Economy for the Airbus A350 flight and the seat seemed a bit tighter than the ones found on the 777s, yet the amenities and more updated IFE made up for the flaws of the seat. Service was essentially the same as Economy for the short haul and crew were great throughout. Overall, despite the delays one after another, I had a great experience flying with Cathay Pacific and I look forward to using their service again soon.
  Johannesburg to Tokyo via Hong Kong. The first leg was in a comfortable premium economy seat. Legroom was better than OK and the reclined seat in front of you was not in your face. The cabin service was good and the menu had reasonable choice. The inflight entertainment was good with games and a good selection of films. The ability to charge phones and I Pods came to. The second flight was on a plane with no premium cabin and I found the economy section cramped and the seat uncomfortable. Boarding the 2 flights was organised and managed.
  Hong Kong to Toronto. My flight was delayed due to typhoon Hato. Cathay Pacific gave out notices early and let passengers know their flight was delayed or canceled,  the ground staff was patient and explaining situations to passengers. Luckily I just caught my time to this flight, transferring from another flight. Onboard my flight the cabin crew were professional and welcoming. The meal services were great, and I personally love Cathay's meal. The pilots let passengers know when we would be experiencing turbulences, and how long it need to pass the turbulent area. The landing at Toronto was very smooth. Cathay Pacific has a high level of service.  Although compared to some other airlines, Cathay could improve in its seats and lounge services, to be honest.
  Gatwick to Manila via Hong Kong. At the check-in there was a bit of confusion they could not find my reservation, it was showing stand by, quite surprised by that, after 10 minutes it was sorted. I was very disappointed yet again I had to use Lounge One considering British Airways lounge was supposed to be open for One World passengers and I am a Gold Marco Polo member. Not a good start. Once boarded the flight was comfortable and the stewardess efficient and friendly. Arrived in Hong Kong 10 minutes early and quickly pop into the Hong Kong lounge and then onto my trip to Manila, again, efficient and friendly and arrived dead on time. I was going to give 9 out of ten because of the disappointed lounge and confusing on check-in, but this review is about the flight. I clicked NA for WI-FI as I chose not to use it.
  Flew Cathay Pacific Airways from Paris CDG to Kansai via Hong Kong. Still a fantastic Business Class Service, despite a fall in food/beverages quality. Ground staff & crews always pleasant and efficient. The most comfortable business class seat of all Asian airlines, even more comfortable with A350. IFE has improved a lot, as well as connectivity. CDG & HKG lounges still offer high quality food and drinks. However on both flights main course/Breakfasts had no taste at all, and drinks lack personality.
  I was so excited to be flying Cathay Pacific and in Premium Economy flying from Hong Kong to London. It was a very surprising and disappointing experience, one I won't be repeating. 1) Food - awful - I had gluten free meal and the same exact meal was served twice - once at the beginning and again for breakfast. It was pretty inedible the first time. There is so much great gluten free food out there, poor job Cathay. 2) Entertainment - wow, compared to flying Qantas the leg prior Cathay was again way down the list. Hopeless selection that was hard to sort out. Even the TV screen wasn't easy to use. It just felt all over a cheap airline that skimped. I was so surprised as I'd heard Cathay were good.
  Mumbai to San Francisco via Hong Kong in economy and when possible I prefer Cathay Pacific primarily because Hong Kong is probably one of the best connecting airports. The airport is well designed, security checks are fast and reasonable. And if you have a long connection, there is a free visa on arrival, which lets you explore Hong Kong city. On occasion, I book a 12 H transit halt so I can relax in HK for a bit. While the service and amenities aren't the best, especially when compared to airlines like Emirates, it isn't the worst either. The food is fairly good. They carry one Asian, one Western and one veggie (usually pasta) entree. The dessert is almost always haagen-dazs vanilla ice-cream with a mini-chocolate bar. (Although once I did get Mövenpick) As a frequent traveler on the airline - it does get boring to get the same dessert and same choices. You can almost start predicting the menu after a bit.  If you are a whiskey person they have Chivas Regal 12 on their carts.  They also have a specially developed beer, designed to taste great in a pressurized cabin, called Betsy. Named after Cathay's first airplane - the beer is actually pretty good. The entertainment system is good. They have a very good selection of the latest English and Chinese movies, TV shows and TED talks. I find their short film section to be particularly interesting. I usually listen to classical music on long flights - and in this department their selection excels. There is usually a selection of newspapers like the New York Times and The South China Morning Post apart from leading newspapers in Mandarin just before you board. Their in-flight magazine Discovery makes for a very engaging read.  The online booking and web check-in interface is very dated, and occasionally buggy. The interface of their frequent flier program isn't the best either, but on the plus side, they do ship a physical card to your postal address - which is a nice touch. I hope they improve their technology soon. A big sore-point for me personally is the lack on Wifi on the A330 and B777 fleet. The newer planes (A350) supposedly have Wifi - however I have never personally been on those flights. Overall the lavatories are well maintained and I have always found the crew to be standout helpful. While not the best airline to take the skies with, it is certainly far from the worst.
  Kuala Lumpur to Vancouver via Hong Kong. Shockingly poor customer service. So many things went wrong and the staff handled everything so poorly.  flew Kuala Lumpur to Hong Kong. Apparently there was a bad storm in HK so we couldn't land. Circled around, landed in Macau, refueled, landed back in HK to be told our connecting flight to Canada had taken off. If our flight couldn't land, how come the other flight could leave? Staff took a horribly long time on the computer offering us new airlines. We were bounced around three different airlines to be told in the end that we couldn't board any of them for a myriad of reasons. Offered us overnight accommodation but couldn't find our baggage. Came to the airport to ask for a letter for delayed baggage claim and was bounced from one department to another, all saying that they couldn't do anything. Things go pear shaped all the time. But the staff that handled it were close to incompetent. Asked for flight alternatives and got yelled at as he couldn't understand simple English. I've flown budget airlines with better trained staff.
 Jakarta to Tokyo Haneda via Hong Kong. This is my second time flying with Cathay Pacific. The airline looks sleek, service was great, friendly cabin crew and quite an excellent in-flight entertainment. I love the new Cathay Pacific seat as it gives much comfort than the previous one.
  Singapore to Bangkok. I wanted to experience Cathay's new A350 in Business Class, so traveled Bangkok to Sydney via Singapore to take advantage of low business class fares on  daily flights from BKK to SIN flown by A350s.  What a beautiful experience, both hardware and software. Hot towel and drinks (including champagne) offered after seating. Even though just a 2-hour flight, a full lunch service including steak and two other options for main course, and started with drinks (excellent selection of wines, including a well selected Marlborough Sav Blanc). Seats are herringbone lie-flats in a 1-2-1 row with lots of room and storage spaces, a large flat screen offers a wide range of entertainment options that can be viewed from the minute you sit down - and during takeoff and landing. The seat's design has excellent privacy features, so if you are in one of the center seats, you don't have to see the other center seat occupant, and all seats are shielded from aisle traffic and views of seats from across the aisle. the lavs at the front are large, windowed and perfectly placed (not at the very front which would require navigating through the galley and resting crew members). The A350 features on-board WiFi though didn't use it. The cabin felt roomier and more quiet than other wide-bodys in CX's fleet. The crew were both professional and friendly - very attentive but not overly so. I've flown 507417 in CX on 777-300, A340, and 747 (now all retired) and think the A350 has the others beat. I can see why other travelers are giving the A350 such high marks. Well done, Cathay!
  Melbourne to Manila via Hong Kong. Boeing 777-300ER outbound and A350 on the return. For some reason though I prefer the Boeing 777, must be the feeling of such a big spacious cabin, A350-900 equipment was superb as well, One noticeable feature is how quiet the A350 is. Cathay Pacific never ceases to impress on Price or experience.
  Flew Cathay Pacific from Zurich to Bangkok via Hong Kong. Quality of the flight was good, the crew were friendly, food was ok (but not outstanding) and the special extra was the noodle soup that could be ordered as a snack anytime. The deciding factor to book this airline, was the 30kg baggage allowance, otherwise only given by by few other airlines (Thai Airways, Qatar Airways and Singapore Airlines are known to me). The other reason was the price. Booking early meant that we got the cheapest booking class, so the price was low, not lower than other airlines for their cheapest booking class. However the booking class was the biggest caveat. It's this bad, that I will never book this airline again. The problem is like this. When you get one of the the two lowest booking classes, you can't select your seat before check-in. When check-in opens 48 hours before the flight, there is a mouse race for the very last seats that haven't been reserved yet, as all other booking classes can select their seats before check-in. For us this meant that you either can't check-in online at all (as there are no seats to choose anymore), as it happened on the first way. Or you can select only separated seats for a couple travelling together, as it happened on the way back. The seats for the second leg we only got in transit, even the check-in staff at the counter couldn't give us any seats and of course we were not sitting together. So either you get a good price, but then the airline treats you as a second grade passenger, or you miss the good price and then there are better offers. 
  Bangkok to Singapore. I boarded this beautiful new A350 to a warm welcome from smiling crew and settled into seat 14K. I love the reverse herringbone business class layout on this aircraft. Very private and comfortable seat. Refill of champagne was offered prior to our punctual takeoff. On this short sector the crew did a fantastic job of performing a full lunch service in the limited time frame with a friendly and professional attitude. The food was delicious and I could not fault any aspect of the flight. I can happily recommmend Cathay based on this flight experience.
 Boarding for my Hong Kong to Manila flight was delayed by 30 minutes due to inclement weather. Once on the plane, the pilot explained to passengers that we would only be able to take off 1 hour 15 minutes from the gate closing. However, the pilot was patient, and cabin staff served a good sandwich snack (traditional "adobo" Filipino dish) while waiting for pushback. Inflight entertainment options were very good, and I was pleased that the Ed Sheeran album "Divide", a personal favorite of mine, was offered. Pushback commenced and the A330 was able to take off. The flight to Manila offered the high standard of service Cathay Pacific is known for. The seat was comfortable and had good legroom, despite it being the middle seat. Highly recommended and would fly again!
  Auckland to London via Hong Kong. At the time of booking their website had glitches that even their call centre staff struggled creating a booking. This was annoying and cumbersome. The call centre staff member that I spoke with was irritable and short in his responses. It became so bad that I asked to speak to his manager and only then did he become moderately professional. Then very to my huge disappointment he had altered my meal request to a special meal not of my choosing. The plane staff exchanged these unfortunate mistakes with only faint annoyance. Their newer aircraft was great. Comfy, spacious and good service. The older Boeing 777 was less comfortable and the staff were much less generous especially in regards to disallowing me to board with a car seat and umbrella stroller. These items were taken from me to be checked as I boarded and were lost for two days after my flight which made an extra two hours at the airport.
  Hong Kong to Seoul. Cathay for this route still uses the hard shell economy seat configuration. The space is good but the seat itself is way more uncomfortable than a low cost airline seat with no recline at all. I hope they will phase out all these seats soon! As always in internal Asia routes, food very average quality and boring. Pasta or pork with rice. Same desserts as always: Haagen Dazs icecream. Don't they think that their valued frequent flyers could be bored on having the same dessert in every single CX flight? Entertainment choice as always not the best but good enough. Overall an average flight in a route where there are much more pleasant Korean carriers to choose from. Will think twice next time about which one to choose even if I am a high tier CX frequent flier.
  Melbourne to Colombo via Hong Kong. We boarded as usual on time. We made ourselves comfortable and sat within the aircraft for over 30min without any information provided by the crew. At last the captain made an announcement that there are technical flaws with the aircraft and that he has no choice but to cancel the flight. So all passengers were taken off the flight and once in the ground we were informed that they intend to transfer us to a Qantas flight to depart 3 hours later. I had a 4 hour transit at Hong kong prior to my next flight to Colombo and when I mentioned this to the ground staff they were quiet assuring that I would be there on time to catch my next flight. 3 hours passed and they picked a few passengers "randomly" to have the previledge of flying the Qantas flight while the rest of us kept sitting in patience. When inquired as to what is going on the ground staff replied "sir we have got permission only for limited passengers and so we picked a few randomly." So what happens to the rest? The answer was that the rest would be flying through Cathay Pacific in their next scheduled departure which was 8 hours after our original departure time. No lounges were provided, just food coupons. Then time passed and we were at last on board a flight, landed in Hong kong having missed my connecting flight. We were informed that all passengers to Colombo will be flown to Singapore and then from Singapore to Colombo via Sri lanka Airlines. All in all we arrived in Colombo 18 hours after our original arrival time and to find out that our luggages have not arrived with us. It was a horrible service with poor customer service.
  Hong Kong to London. Business class seat is okay but not matching standards of the best airlines. Lounge in HKG was okay but unbelievably crowded and no better than a pay to use facility, and the airline has cut back on food in the lounge. Onboard service was okay, but staff seemed very demotivated and just plain tired. Probably not helped by the very clear cutbacks in the business class items served inflight nowadays compared to 3 years ago. The food was awful and portions tiny, and even amenity type items seem to have suffered major cuts. It seems the airline has let financial problems filter through to what the passenger receives.
  Singapore to Bangkok. Staff were friendly but not attentive.  Food was poor quality, very simple meal with no salad or appetiser.  No second round drinks were offered during and after meal service. Only plastic utensils were used in economy class. Food tray were not collected until the end of flight. However aircraft is new and IFE was good.  Cathay is doing cost down in the difficult time but I think it has affected the customer experiences.
  Singapore to Bangkok having managed to get a discounted fare on this route.  At Changi, I checked in using the FAST check in counters-seems like Cathay has moved to self check-in for almost all its passengers(with the exception of priority passengers-Marco Polo Club, oneWorld members, etc.), although there were staff on hand to assist passengers in checking in, and they were helpful. Flight was delayed due to late arrival of aircraft. Boarding efficient, cabin had a comfortable feel and the seat was as good as those found on the economy class of SQ and TG A350s, but the charging port was hard to access, although not a problem for me, being a 2hr+ flight. Cathay provided the passengers with exterior camera views of the aircraft through the IFE, with a tail and front camera provided. Cabin crew were attentive, if robotic at times. However, the onboard drinks selection was a bit narrow, and the food served was dismal, comparable to my domestic flight on Air China. Overall, I would recommend Cathay, although they do need to ramp up their regional service if they want to compete on this route).
 I've been flying with Cathay for 26 years. My family and I are all Marco Polo members ranging from green to gold. Today I waited 9.5 hours at the airport for my flight from Sydney to Hong Kong (CX110, now CX162), and now I'm told it'll be another 30 mins wait. I understand that HK is experiencing bad weather and I was told the plane had a mechanical problem but there has been problems with the way they dealt with this issue. They never made an announcement about the cancelled flight until well after the anticipated boarding time. When we approached the front desk we were told that the flight is cancelled and we were transferred to a later flight. Staff said if they made an announcement then it would create a commotion. It makes no logical sense. I said lots of people are probably still waiting for the announcement. Fast forward to the plane ride: the most shoddy plane ride ever. I've flown with many airlines - even down to tiny airlines like Air Timor. This has got to be the worst plane I've flown. The backs of our seats could not be controlled and went up and down just by leaning on it. We were shifted to the back for take off and the TV did not work (I have to say the inflight manager was nice about it). The cold water button in the bathroom didn't work. I saw staff roll their eyes after talking to passengers. As I was put in the last seat on the plane on this service, I also heard all the gossip about passengers from the staff at the back. I have booked 3 more flights with Cathay in the coming 2 weeks and I'm really dreading it.
  I hadn't flown Cathay Pacific for a number of years, but I always remembered them being a very comfortable airline offering a better than average product. As a disclaimer, my airline of choice for this route (Los Angeles to Singapore via Hong Kong) has always been Singapore Airlines, so I realize I may have high standards. However, I'm still just an average economy traveler who simply expects to be taken care of on long flights. The trip out from LAX to SIN was a bit treacherous due to mechanical problems. This, I understand, but the way the airline handled it was - I'd say - less than satisfactory. I had a scheduled 01.25 departure that was delayed 11 hours. I was not made aware of the fact until 19.00 the night of my flight. The reason for the delay was the plane had engine problems when it was leaving HK (for LAX) and had to turn around, but what made it extremely confusing was that the airline somehow did not make the delay public knowledge (Google Flights, Flight Tracker and others had the flight noted as an on time departure), so there was quite a bit of confusion. I decided to arrive at the airport at my normal time (~2 hrs prior) at which point the delay was confirmed. I asked if they could put me on another flight of any other airline because I was going to SIN for a family emergency and I was told there were no available seats. They offered to put me up in a hotel which I accepted and gave me meal vouchers that didn't cover the cost of a single dish (for either dinner or breakfast - $25 and $15 respectively). The next morning upon check-in, I was told that my flights out were not full because they had moved many passengers to other flights/airlines - this really irritated me because I was told there were no available seats the night before. Once I finally arrived in HK (11.5 hours later than expected), my flight to SIN was delayed an additional 4 hours. At this point, I went to the CX counter and kindly asked for a pass to the lounge so I could rest and shower, since I'd already been delayed in my travels. They said they couldn't help me because they'd already compensated me in LA with the hotel stay. This irritated me; I understand that the airline may feel that I've been compensated, but I don't understand what it would have 'cost them' to provide a little extra customer service to a tired traveler asking to rest as a result of their delays. CX is based in HK and has multiple lounges in the airport. I suppose I was asking too much, but it was frustrating nonetheless. Both flights out felt both rushed and inadequately supplied (in terms of meals and personnel) making for a less than comfortable experience for such long flights. A route that normally takes me about 22-24 hours to complete (door to door) ended up taking about 37 hours and the overall experience left me with a slightly less than stellar opinion. I have to say, the flights back were on schedule and slightly better, but the overall experience was still not what I remember, nor what I'm currently used to. I would recommend CX because I know my initial experience was a bit of an anomaly, however, it does not change the fact that I am/was disappointed and wish the delays were handled better.
 Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong to Los Angeles. My flight from Manila was excellent but my connecting flight had a little problem. The layover in HKG was great and I boarded smoothly on a Boeing 747. The aircraft was old. The problem I encountered was with the seat - it was old and its not spacious at all. I can't move my legs well. They should refurbish their old seats as well as their IFE. The service was excellent. Food was delicious and the cabin crew were hospitable. I would recommend that CX but their old seats and IFE on B747s could do with a refurb.
 Flight Cathay Pacific (CX918) from Manila to Hong Kong. Terminal 3 in MNL was great as well as the Cathay Pacific ground staff. Check-in was smooth. The only problem is that the flight was delayed due to bad weather (it was raining hard) but we didn't wait for a long time and the airport services and facilities were good. We boarded smoothly on an airbus A350 - the newest aircraft in the fleet. In the air, the service was excellent. The cabin crew were hospitable and the seats were spacious. Also, the snacks were great and Filipino food was served. I didn't expect that. When we arrived at HKG, it was good especially for a layover! All in all, the flight was great. I would recommend the A350.
  Manila to Newark via Hong Kong. The experience in MNL is surprisingly excellent. The flight was delayed 45 minutes and the check in staff inquired if my traveling party of 3 would want to take the earlier flight. Declining, we proceeded to checking in for the CX907 to HKG. The flight was pleasant enough with adequate meals and friendly, if robotic crew. The seat, while refurbished still had that flimsy feel and the latch securing the life jacket in my seat fell off during takeoff. IFE system was nice and crisply responsive and full marks on the very entertaining interactive airshow. The outbound flight to EWR after 4.5 hours of transit had the herringbone full flat seats. While the configuration decreased seat width, especially when it was converted to a bed, it was still cozy and comfortable. Service was a lot warmer and prompt. The food was surprisingly tasty even if CX catering isn't the best in the business. Drink selection was adequate, but not as extensive as SQ. IFE also adequate but a bit more dated than the one found on the A350. I think it's high time CX upgrades these. Slept for 7 hours.
  Hong Kong to Cebu. Arrived about 2 hours early for my flight, so I went plane spotting. The aircraft was very spacious, but they should update their economy class seats.  After takeoff, breakfast was served, and it was delicous. Cabin crew were very helpful. The flight was smooth with no turbulence. Movies were up to date, but again, not that much. Overall, great experience and would love to fly with them again!
  London to Manila via Hong Kong. Given a smile and a warm welcome on boarding and crew are well trained to make boarding as efficient as possible.  On both legs we were seated in a similar place on the plane, but LHR-HKG we had a nicer seat. Screen was larger, seat felt more comfortable but I think the seats in CX economy class are among the best I have flown. You get a blanket, pillow, but I brought my own headphones. Power is provided via USB and the entertainment is excellent. I love the playlist function and variety. Like all other 5 star airlines you are still given nice meals and drinks during the flight. The cabin crew were lovely and dealt with all our requests with a smile. As an added bonus to flying with Cathay Pacific is the connection in Hong Kong Airport.
  Hong Kong to Singapore. A tired A330. A rather brusque stewardess with no finesse. Small things - like taking a half finished drink away 'for take off' even though we had a delay on the ground. Food wheeled out on a trolley for you to choose means its getting cold by the time its a few rows back into the service. Hardly surprising therefore that Cathay are finding times tough. I would say however, I took 2 x Cathay Dragon flights to China from Hong Kong and they were both very good.
  Auckland to London Heathrow via Hong Kong. On this flight I was seated in Premium Economy Row 33A. Boarding at Hong Kong was unorganized and chaotic, firstly being advised boarding was from gate 2, then later advised it was changed to gate 29. No announcements were made until boarding over 1 hour later than expected (which I find puzzling having flown multiple International flights with other airlines in the past 22 years). When boarding did commence again no boarding procedure as with other airlines which normally call for First and loyalty passengers boarding first or passengers with limited mobility and parents with young children. There were lines marked Business, Economy and it seemed most people queued in the Business line (which surprised me there were so many Business seats on this flight). When finally boarded 1 hour late the Captain announced the late departure was due to our plane being towed between gates, then having lost its departure slot had to wait with heavy number of aircraft ahead of us from China. This would have been perfectly acceptable if passengers were advised in the departure lounge. Onboard seats were good but not as comfortable as the flight from Auckland to Hong Kong on board CX198 which was an A350-900 (35G) However on the flight from Hong Kong to Heathrow we encountered problems in using the toilet as the toilet for Premium Economy passengers was situated in front of seats 32 H/K but the only access was by walking in front of 4 passengers seated in row 30 D-G which upset them due there being insufficient space to do this and resulted in fellow Premium Economy class passengers tripping over their out stretched legs and belongings. I am amazed that when designing an aircraft passenger accessibility is not taken into account and if they did they must have used a very small person to bypass very small upright people to gain access to this toilet or installed it with the view that only passengers seated on the right side of the aircraft would use it. I resorted to using the toilet in Business class as I had observed other PE passengers doing, however a flight attendant was waiting as I exited the toilet cubicle and commenced to give me a very severe dressing down who informed me I had no right being there and made me feel very inferior. I asked where I should go (I would like to point out at this stage that I am a 71 year old female with bladder problems) I was told it was preferable to use the toilets back near row 45 in Economy. This meant I had to queue up with the remaining 62 passengers seated in this Economy section of the aircraft. Not very satisfactory considering we had paid almost double the price of an Economy class ticket! Apart from this I found the Entertainment choices were really disappointing especially compared to the Entertainment on Emirates. There was very little choice of music or films and most were aimed at Asian audiences, in spite of a large proportion of the aircrafts passengers being European. Food was good but not brilliant, very little was offered in terms of pre dinner drinks. Would I fly or recommend this airline again, probably not given my experience and very disappointed after spending more than we normally do on airline tickets. However we have yet to return from Heathrow to Auckland at the end of August but doubt if they would have sorted out their toilet access by then!
  Singapore from Bangkok, and I had a disappointing flight. In-flight entertainment was great, good legroom but less comfy seat. However, service was below expectation especially when the crew did not give a friendly smile, and also food and beverage service was rather slow. No bread and butter and distilled water served with in-flight meal. Clearing of trays took ages and had to squeeze to move to the washroom. Embarrasing moment celebrating Anniversary trip.
  Amsterdam to Bangkok via Hong Kong. My monthly route from Europe to Bangkok is normally with Qatar Airways. This time I a business class with Cathay Pacific from Amsterdam to Bangkok with a stop in HongKong. Well, wrong decision! Business class seat in Cathay Pacific is cramped and narrow and although there is lots of privacy the seat gives a claustrofobic feel. Impossible to have a decent sleep on a 11 hour flight, because there is a lack of width. Service is not very attentive and food and beverage (especially the wines!) are more economy class level than premium level. First class lounge in HKG is great, although also here a lack of service of staff. The Seat on the new A350 is even more cramped and narrow, not suitable for long haul travel. All in all a very disappointing experience and cannot recommend. Cathay Pacific does not deserve 5-Star rating for their business class product. It lacks the services of Qatar Airways on every aspect a frequent flyer would expect. No more Cathay Pacific for me.
  Seoul Incheon to Hong Kong. Boarding started at 10am which was 15 minutes later than the boarding time printed. This was good since Incheon airport is a nice place to do some final shopping before leaving the country. And more than that, queuing at the customs and security checking took ages. Regarding the on board experience, the A333 is a relatively new aircraft within Cathay's fleet. The monitor is large, clear and sensitive, the inflight entertainment system is very decent, with many movies, TV programmes and music.  The seat itself is comfy, legroom is sufficient. When it comes to food though, it is a disaster. I chose a rice with sweet and sour fish. The fish was terrible. I would never know it was fish if i were to taste it blindly.  I hope CX will improve its food quality or else i would rather choose Asiana or Hong Kong airlines on this route next time.
  London Heathrow to Hong Kong. I'm a regular flyer with Cathay Pacific. The flight attendant that look after me was the best I've come across. The seat was top notch, loads of privacy, comfortable, good food. I can see why they're a 5 star airline. I just hope with the cutbacks they're currently doing does not affect standards and quality.
  Vancouver to Hong Kong, the service was average and the food was not great. This was a 13 hour flight and one had to find the flight attendants when I wanted something. They were polite though rushed. The seats were comfortable but a little tired, and the entertainment was excellent. The new lounge at YVR was excellent. I would fly Cathay again but actually think Air Canada is at least as good.
  Mumbai to Hong Kong. This was our (me and my husband) first travel via Cathay Pacific and we were really excited about it as Cathay is rated among one of the top airlines. But to our surprise, Cathay Pacific disappointed both of us. The aircraft was neat and tidy along with the toilets. We cross confirmed with the check in counter staff to provide us two adjacent seats and despite her confirmation that the seats are adjacent, we found that that they were two separate seats in the same row. The seats were very uncomfortable. Many staff were extremely curt. It was a midnight 5 hour flight which was delayed. And they did not serve anything to us for the next 3 hour. The breakfast which they provided to us for an international travel was very basic and not making them stand any different from the other domestic airline food.
  First, the boarding gate is gate 1 in Hong Kong, which is very close to the exit of the customs. The flight is on time, arriving at the gate of Incheon airport at around 5.44am. The flight is quite smooth. The seat is quite comfortable. Note that this A333 economy seats have a fixed shell. The seatback is fixed. So the seat cannot recline backwards. Instead, the seat kind of slides down. I quite like this idea. It means that the monitor will never be too close to you and you will not be annoyed by the one in front of you. The legroom is great. I fell asleep easily before taking off. About an hour later, the meal is served. I was a bit disappointed that the meal was not an ordinary full size meal. There is no choice of main course. Usually there are two for passengers to choose from. The food is put inside a rectangle paper box, the box is quite nice actually. There is a small bowl containing a few slices of fruits, orange, kiwi, pineapple and one more. There is a sandwich with something like mayonnaise, salad. And there is a biscuit. That is all. I do anticipate more, but probably this is an overnight short flight, 3 hours and 40 minutes, departing at 1am. So Cathay thinks it is better to give you a light meal with mostly vegetables. I would be happier if it was a full meal. The inflight entertainment was excellent. It offers a great variety of HK, Asia and western movies, TV programmes and music. And touch screen monitor is responsive. Unlike the one fitted on Hong Kong airline where you have to touch it ten times before the screen senses your response.
  Flew Vancouver to Hong Kong. The journey didnt get off to a great start with a less than desirable experience in the lounge. Not the fault of Cathay Pacific (and they had told guests on entering the lounge) but the Airport Authority who conducted a power shutdown. Poor on their part for not scheduling this an hour or two later when the flight had left. The event left the lounge with minimal lighting. A complaint about a noisy guest conducting a conference call was handled professionally but combined, it was not the usual pre-flight relaxing experience. On board everything met the usual high expectations other than the IFE movie selection which was a bit limited. PE seat and cabin very comfortable and relaxing. Cabin crew present throughout, efficient and friendly.
  Flew Hong Kong to Vancouver. First opportunity to fly the new Cathay Pacific A350 preceeded by a very relaxing and enjoyable stay in the CX lounge. The airplane, cabin and new PE seating didn't disappoint. The larger windows and cabin height makes for a much more spacious feel and the new PE seating are not that far short of regional business class. Only complaint would be that the food service times were a little funky with two main meals being served during this day time long haul flight. Both were of good quality and enjoyable however. Friendly and efficient cabin crew made for a great flight. Didnt try the inflight WiFi.
  Chicago to Bangkok via Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific was higher than my expectations. The ground staff at Chicago and Hong Kong were very friendly and helpful. On the Boeing 777, the seats were very comfortable with an adjustable head rest and amazing recline. The cabin crew were very friendly and happy to help us at times. The food service on board was exquisite. They have a huge menu consisting of many vegetarian and non-vegetarian meals, such as shrimp, basa fillet, and lasagna. The entertainment system on board is very modern and has some of the most popular and recent movies, however, even with the entertainment system, I was still unable to complete school work because WiFi is only available on the A350, but overall, Cathay Pacific exceeded my expectations and I would definitely fly with them again.
  Although the flight is short I was looking forward to checking out Cathay's new Airbus on this flight from Hong Kong to Taipei. Everything was fine, the service, the light meal, the aircraft itself yet something seems off. Its like whoever designed their interior never tried it out. The seat is fine, very private but little things like an armrest that wouldn't stay up, a very clumsy entertainment system, overhead bins not quite over the seat, a clumsy storage for headsets, a tray table that couldn't quite get close enough unless you propped yourself up and on. Small issues but many of them. Flight attendants, when pressed admitted the galleys are not user friendly as well and that always affects things. I wouldn't avoid it but I can't help feeling they went with the cheapest design available much like American did on its A321 jet that it uses to Hawaii a lot from the west coast. Very disappointing, I was expecting bells and whistles. Connecting to China Air's A350 to San Francisco so we will see how it stacks up.
  Hong Kong to Beijing. The flight was to be delayed for one hour due to Beijing traffic control. We had boarded but staff served extra drinks etc. Great that the pilot made up some time, so we arrived only about half an hour late. Service was good and the meal also good. And I had a good time preflight at the Cathay lounge for a quick shower as weather is hot already (their best lounge in Hong Kong).
  London to Hong Kong. A great flight exceeding my expectation. It offers virtual first class meal service. You choose courses a-la-carte, and the menu includes Western, Asian, and quick meal choices. The snacks to accompany the pre-dinner drink include caviar, and Wangu beef, lobster tail, and abalone are also on offer. You can choose your preferred meal time. They also have a mattress to make a bed. These are all pleasant surprises, but I learn later that this is a pilot project currently only for my flight from LGW, and Cathay collects customer feedback to decide if they should implement the new service. If this will become regular, I have no hesitation to fly CX on all my flights, now that I also fly BA (BA seats are less spacious, only they offer cheaper fare). As arrival is early, I used the Arrivals Lounge till decent hour to travel to town for my hotel check-in. Like also the new A350.
  Flew Beijing to Hong Kong. Good flight, on time, good lounge service in Beijing (they now serve noodle cooked to order). It is good to fly Cathay Pacific in that, on this flight, the plane is of long haul configuration with flat bed seats, and as such is useful for a morning nap. Interesting that some airlines do not use long haul crafts (including KA) for the 3 hr flight, but experience is that I always get this on a CX flight in J, so it is good to choose Cathay, which generally offer good service.
  Hong Kong to London. Good flight, good service, and arrived on time. Good to use the Arrivals Lounge at Heathrow T3 to breakfast (again), relax, shower, use internet, and  kill off time before a hotel allows check in, the flight having arrived at 5:30am. For such a flight, the Arrivals facilities are most useful and this is provided well. Dinner and breakfast was good with Western and Chinese choices, the latter unavailable from other airlines. The seat is also more spacious than on BA.
  New York to Ha Noi via Hong Kong. I had a very bad experience at the Check In counter. They refused to board me because I didn't have a transit visa in Vancouver (my final destination was Ha Noi, I just transit in Vancouver), which they should have warned me about. When I asked why didn't you warn us that we need a transit visa, the lady working at the Check In counter said this: "I blame you for not knowing this piece of information". But who would have known we (me and my friend) would need a visa just to transit in Vancouver for 2 hours? Apparently we are not the only ones who were refused to board because of this reason. As a result, we had to pay 200$ each person to go on a different plane. They put us a "Wait list" because all the flights were over-booked for 2 weeks. So we had to stay and sleep at the airport and luckily they let us board after 18 hours. Other than that, the food was good.
  CX 410, Hong Kong to Incheon on a B777-300, very punctual. Disliked the shell seat with no recline, but otherwise the flight was pleasant. Great entertainment choices and attentive staff. Breakfast was acceptable but not outstanding. CX 419 returning to HKG on a newer A330-300 with better seat which could recline. Same entertainment system. Food was not as good as expected. Some crew members were indifferent which was below the standard of normal CX crew, but the inflight service manager was very friendly and helpful. Overall CX has still been rather consistent with satisfactory services.
  I thought flying Cathay Pacific economy on an ultra long haul flight 3 weeks after returning from a similar distance in J would be a huge disappointment, but life (and CX) holds numerous surprises. Being a Marco Polo Club member allowed me to check in my entire family using the priority lanes on both outbound and return. The advantage was seen in the Manila to Hong Kong route where the check in queues at NAIA 3 seemed to snake around forever. Staff in MNL were courteous enough. Departing MNL through gate 111 was extremely chaotic. I would suggest that one hang around one of the pay-in lounges or in one of the (few) coffee shops outside the gate until the last minute. The MNL-HKG leg was the usual, rushed ultra short flight with absolutely no catering worth mentioning consisting of an overheated pastry, ANZAC cookie and boxed juice drink. PAL serves hot meals on their MNL-HKG flights even in economy, I wonder why a carrier such as CX still continues to think that this budget airline move is worthy of a 5-star airline? Same experience on the return HKG-MNL leg. The long haul product proved to be a pleasant surprise. The seats were more comfortable than expected and the 3-3-3 configuration does a lot for the perception of space in the back cabin. Catering is not CX's strong point, but the meals served were actually edible. The snack option of cup noodles were very tasty and the galley snack tray was always full. In-flight staff were pretty good with ready smiles and service. Good and frequent drink runs were made throughout the 16 hour journey both ways. I would say that it was a pleasant surprise through the long haul leg. I am on the fence regarding the IFE choices, but the hardware is pretty good if you bring your own earphones (the one provided by CX is rubbish). Touch screen was quite sensitive so there is little chance of bothering the passenger seated in front.
  Hong Kong to London. Tried checking in several times online, in the end it asked us to check in at the airport, so we did. A couple on our honeymoon were separated on the flight, the rude assistants at the check in desk couldn't do anything about it as it was a full flight and we had to wait until the flight was boarding to see if we could sit together. After a huge debacle, we got seated together at the very back of the plane with NO apology whatsoever. I will never fly them again. Bad food, bad service, old planes.
  Bangkok to Vancouver via Hong Kong. Similar to my previous review, I was supposed to be flying Premium Economy. However, while boarding both flights, I was upgraded to Business Class. Bangkok to Hong Kong on a brand new A350. Though the seat itself wasn't different from the ones on the Boeing 777-300ERs, the refreshed IFE, alongside with the retouches of the storage space made the hard product a solid one. The flight attendants were professional. Hong Kong to Vancouver on a 9-year old 777-300ER. I would say the thing that stood out to me most on this flight was the cabin crew, who were proactive. Catering was a big improvement from my previous trip, with meals served in appropriate portions and tasted amazing! Both flights departed and arrived punctually. Bags were quick to arrive and I was out of the airport within 20 minutes of arriving, which is rare when flying into Vancouver.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Los Angeles via Hong Kong. First time flying with Cathay and I love this airline. The seat is really comfortable for a long flight. Good food, good movies for entertainment. Cabin crew are nice and friendly. For my inbound flight from LAX to SGN, I cannot self check-in due to some technical issue and their staffs are willing to help. Only one thing I want to complain about this flight is the crying children around me. I know no one can control crying children but I think cabin crew should do something so other passengers don't feel annoyed. 
  Vancouver to Bangkok via Hong Kong. At Vancouver check-in the lady who checked me in was cheerful and funny, contrary to my previous experiences while checking in in Vancouver. I was initially supposed to fly in Premium Economy Class for the entire itinerary until I was notified of a seat change on my flight from Vancouver to Hong Kong. An upgrade to Business Class was definitely a true blessing on a transpacific flight and I couldn't be more impressed with the service I received. The Cathay Pacific lounge in Vancouver provides such a serenade prior to a long-haul flights, where the staff were so accommodating. The crew were prompt to respond to requests and made me feel welcome and comfortable. The seat didn't feel too different from the regular Premium Economy seat in terms of width, however, when turned into a flat bed, provided one of the best sleeps I've had among other Business Class I have experienced. I appreciated the details put into the seat,  adequate storage and the mirror in one of the compartments, and light at one of the storage areas. Despite all the positives, I felt indifferent towards the catering. Though the main courses and drinks were great, there were components of the meals that left me underwhelmed. Arrived Hong Kong on schedule and made my way to The Wing lounge. Staff were enthusiastic to help. Hong Kong to Bangkok in a bulkhead seat in Premium Economy Class. Despite my love towards the bulkhead seat on Cathay's Economy, I was at fault for selecting this bulkhead in Premium Economy. The fact that the personal screen couldn't be used during take-off and landing made for a very boring flight for me, again, not at all the airline's fault. Since it was a regional flight, meal service was similar to that of Economy Class, and it was a standard breakfast meal which satisfied me. Crew service on this short flight left a bit to be desired, but since it was a rather early morning flight, the cabin itself seemed dry. Bags were among the first ones out in Bangkok and I was out of the airport within 30 minutes of arriving. On-time departure and arrival on both flights. Overall, though there were things that could be improved, this has been my best journey so far and I look forward to use their service again very soon.
  We decided to fly Cathay Pacific based on its excellent reputation. Boy was I off base. Worst service at check in that I have ever experienced. I arrived luckily 2 hours before my flight. Told at check in that my flight was cancelled and that we had 15 minutes to make the earlier flight. The kicker was US$400 in overweight charges for 2 suitcases. We were told that before we left that since we had flown business to Taipei that the charges would be minimal. Great surprise. Pay up or be stranded in Hong Kong. Manager of zero assistance despite showing JFK boarding passes. Customer service on return home of no help either.
  Flew Cathay Dragon from Hong Kong to Bangalore. Inflight service not up to mark. Very cold attitude. I asked for another beer which never came. Response was unsatisfactory. They were doing service as if they are doing some kind of favour.  I was quite excited when I booked Cathay bit was finally disappointed don't know if I will ever use Cathay again. Food quality can also be much better.
  Cebu to Hong Kong. Checked-in online, so we didnt have to go to the check in counters, but in another counter to print the boarding pass. The aircraft was quite old but the interior was fresh. The seats were very spacious. The entertainment system had lots of movies, but it didnt match my preferences. After takeoff, lunch was served, but it was a bit too slow, just about 1 hour and 30 minutes after takeoff, we were now served our meals. My meal was chicken with rice and ocra. I dont like ocra so I wasn't able to taste it, but the rice and chicken, very delicious. The flight had sone light turbulence. All in all, a very pleasant flight.
  First time flying Cathay from Singapore to Hong Kong and I was pleased. Hard working and friendly cabin crew. A bit robotic at moments but always smiling and willing to help. Hot meal was good. Selection of beverages also good with a welcome drink served. Very good seat pitch on this A330. Two negative points: selection of movies was really poor and plastic cutlery provided for meals. Would fly again.
  When I lived in Hong Kong, Cathay was my favorite airline. The quality of meals and service have not advanced as far, this year, as Emirates, Etihad, and Turkish — the airlines I have most used of late. But my biggest gripe with Cathay is with their customer service. I flew home to the US to care for ailing relatives. I had bought a very economical economy seat and I knew the ticket was non-refundable and that there would be a fee should I have to extend my stay but the $650 Cathay wanted in order for me to change my return flight by one week was more than I paid for half my round-trip ticket. I told their phone rep the family's medical reasons I needed to stay, but it made no difference. When I suggested that I might as well look for a one-way flight cheaper than Cathay's change fee, she said only that I should call them if I wasn't going to use my ticket. "Why?" I inquired. "There's no refund, right." She replied that no, there was no refund, but that that would be the polite thing to do. Cathay Pacific has not been very polite to me. Never again, Cathay. 
 Flew Cathay Pacific first class coming back from Hong Kong to Heathrow, their lounge was nice although slightly worn over the years. Food in the Pier was very delicious and staff was well trained. But its a bit shame that I didn't get to use the bath tub facility in there, as it was too busy, and the bath staff were not particularly sorry for not being able to offer me this service. Went to the gate soon after having some food in the lounge. The first class cabin was small, however as you will sit in your own suite, it didnt feel small at all when settlted in. The crew was not as pleasant as the inbound crew. The food was a let down. Again the drink was nice and due to my experience on the outbound, I retracted the lumbar massage tool, and the seat became a fully flat bed and was wide on the shoulder area, so I could put my arms on the side. I asked for an extra duvet from the crew for comfort, but the due to the cabin was fully booked, the crew gave me a biz class blanket, which was less desirable. Had a solid 7 hour sleep onboard and that was my longest sleep on an aircraft, so missed all snacks etc. Overall happy flight, and a good rest is more than food and drinks to me.
 Flew Cathay Pacific from Heathrow to Hong Kong in first class. Their new Heathrow lounge has nice food and drink and not too small. Their burger was very nice but the chinese sweet and sour and rice was below business class standard. Onboard crew was friendly and always has a smile on their faces, the drinks were great but not topped up by crew at all. First class seat was huge and comfortable, but when the crew made the bed for you, they forgot to fully retract the lumbar massage tool, so when I lay down, there was a massive lump in the bed, and I didnt know it was the lumbar massage tool. So it was fairly uncomfortable, other than that it was a nice trip in first class, and worth the money spent on it!
  
I just completed the following routing on Cathay Pacific over Easter Holiday: London Heathrow - Hong Kong - Bangkok - Hong Kong - Vancouver - New York JFK - Hong Kong - Bangkok - Hong Kong - Zurich. On this trip which took me almost around the world I flew in all four cabins. While the hardware was consistent all the way through, the software varied. However all ground and inflight staff were hardworking and friendly. While the Vancouver-based crew seemed very cheerful and relaxed, the Hong Kong-based crew were a little bit more reserved but highly professional. On this trip I was served by the same crews - both Hong Bong- and Vancouver-based - twice which was a pleasant coincidence. I did the whole trip within 12 days. Thanks to the still outstanding and consistent service one knows what to expect. I got back home in a surprisingly good shape.


  Hong Kong to London Gatwick. I used the Cathay Pacific Pier 1st class lounge. It was exceptional, three choices of champagne and probably the best hamburger and chips I've tasted. Sat on row 33K, the last row in the cabin. The recline was excellent and liked the leg rest - I am 5ft 5" so works well for me. Pre departure drinks were juice, water or a glass of champagne. The food was okay, not as good as the outbound, the starter salad was a bit bland, I enjoyed my lamb and mash main, but my wife found the halibut needed more sauce. Dessert was Hagan Das ice cream. The choice of drinks were standard Economy, which actually wasn't bad. I did have a Chivas Regal with ginger but then stuck to water. Breakfast was either scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon and potatoes or a dim sum set, I had the former and it was okay, nothing special. There were plenty of snacks available throughout thr flight such as cookies, crisps, chocolate and cup noodles - just help yourself at the galley at the rear of the plane. In flight entertainment was excellent with some quite recent films, such as Star Wars Rogue One and Sing, which have just been released on DVD. Crew were sound, attentive and made regular water runs throughout the overnight flight. If there is one area of improvement is a dedicated PE toilet would be great. I normally fly Business class for long haul, but this flight was very good value £864 LGW to Bangkok via HKG. If this fare came up again I'd certainly take it over Business class at over £2k.
  New York to Shanghai via Hong Kong. JFK-HKG was CX841. The flight staff were friendly and so attentive. The accommodation in Premium Economy were great. Lots of leg room, a foot rest, champagne and a hot towel upon boarding, good food , pillow and great entertainment center. My flight from HKG-PVG was CX5890. During the last 45mins of the flight, my daughter had a reaction to eating something onboard that was cooked with a peanut ingredient. Yes, my daughter does have a peanut allergy and I did advise the airline prior to travelling. She was in the bathroom for the entire 45mins. I actually was very concerned about her. A flight attendant was so helpful and concerned for us. She advised her Captain and ordered a wheelchair for my daughter and I did decline a doctor to meet us at the gate. Overall, the flights and staff were exceptional. On our flight back to New York from Hong Kong, my family (6 of us) were surprised to be up graded to Business Class. I didn't even request it. That was such a special treat from Cathay Pacific. Special treatment all around and the best flight staff there is.
 Dubai to Brisbane via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Both flights were very good. Flights left and arrived on time or a fraction earlier. Very good service and food. On the overnight flight from Dubai a supper was served then a continental breakfast in the morning. This enabled more sleeping time. Seats were good and flat bed. The only improvement which could be made would be for a mattress cover to be provided as is done by Qantas. It helps smooth out the bumps in the seat. The entertainment system is also good. The additional bonus of Cathay is the use of the Wings lounge in Hong Kong. Probably the best shower rooms of any lounge we have used. We will fly Cathay again.
  London Heathrow to Hong Kong, sat near the back (seat 68C), in general, good service. Food of a good standard but the crew were less than enthusiastic about offering me a second beer (they said they had run out). Seat fairly comfortable, IFE good, although the outside camera function wasn't great quality. Despite being a five-year-old aircraft the Boeing 777 seems quite dated inside, especially in comparison to the A350-900 which is amazing. Departed over two hours late due to engineering issues - no air con on boarding, so we stewed until the doors were opened to allow some airflow. Managed to make up about 45 mins en route.
  Auckland to Hong Kong. A wonderful experience - modern, clean and aesthetically pleasing aircraft staffed by a caring and attentive crew. IFE was amazing - touch screen, high definition, lots of choices. The table layout (a sort of bifold) was different, though it didn't seem to pull out far enough - a minor complaint. Food and beverages were good through. One toilet was unserviceable, which created some queues. Blankets and pillows were of a good standard.
  I travelled Premium Economy from Hong Kong to Sydney and was interested in comparing to Air New Zealand's Permium Economy offering. Cathay Pacific is good but I favour Air New Zealand. Cathay's PE is like a step up from Economy while Air New Zealand is a step down from Business Class. Staff were welcoming and attentive. Seats were reasonably comfortable. Pre take off drink of Champagne or Orange Juice was offered as well as hot hand towels. Food was of a good standard, with proper cutlery and wine glasses. After takeoff the PE section toilets are made available to the Economy section so at times there was a queue for the toilets, which is not so good. Headphones were not noise cancelling and I did experience interference. Overall felt Premium Economy was worth the extra price paid compared to Economy, the superior seats and extra pampering meant I managed to get in a few hours sleep that can make a difference on long haul flights.
  Dubai to Hong Kong. I have flown Cathay Pacific for 12 years and the service gets better and better. The ground staff working for CX were very polite and helpful. When we boarded the plane, crew greeted us with a smile.  I noticed the cabin was spotless, everything was clean, from tray tables to the bathroom. The menu was very good. I had chicken with rice which was heavenly. IFE was also very good, with a large variety of movies. Legroom was very decent and seat was also very comfy and I could sleep well. Overall, my experience was amazing. The crew showed passion in their work, which you must appreciate.
  Manila to Gatwick via Hong Kong. I checked in quickly and straight to the lounge for a bite to eat. Boarding was efficient and quick. I settle in my seat 17A, pick up the TV control and realise it is my favourite A350. Flight, stewardess, food is very good. Landed on time. At HK another quick trip to the lounge and then proceeded to board. Flight was full, took a little while to board. I had a quick bite to eat and fell asleep for 9 hours, that is how good this A350 is, landed on time. 
  Manila to Chicago via Hong Kong. Check in and security at MNL was quick, considering the outbound flight was at 0500. After a quick stop to the lounge, it was a bit of a walk to gate 111 where there was quite a crowd boarding but the business lane was pretty quick getting onboard. Regional configuration in the MNL-HKG leg with good and warm service. Food was passable and forgettable, as can be expected by CX catering. After a 3 hour transit, the long HKG-ORD leg for a quick business trip to Chicago. Previously flew the A359 and the business seats on the 773 was a bit of a letdown compared to the fantastic newer product (it's a shame if the rumors are true that CX will change the business seats of the 359). Nonetheless, the reverse herringbone layout allows for great privacy and the seat provides numerous storage options for large and small items. Catering was better than the first leg with very responsive service and very unobtrusive for those who want to sleep. Special mention to the chief purser who made the service a joy. IFE was a bit of a letdown as well, but I suppose it was just that the selection of movies, while extensive, did not contain those that appealed to me. On the return leg, the company messed up the connecting day which was resolved very quickly on the ground in ORD. In-flight service to HKG and MNL was more robotic and less warm. They have a good business product, but for an Asian airline, I think it could up its game a little bit to play with the other big boys in the region (Singapore, ANA, Asiana).
  New York JFK to Hong Kong return. Although generally good service per reputation, several items were quite disappointing.  Cathay Pacific Airways does not subscribe to TSA Pre Check so security lines at JFK are particularly long. Second, they do not have wifi, which for a 15 hour flight is very isolating. Also, the return in premium economy was not markedly better than outbound in economy, except for bigger seat. Premium economy cabin service was spotty, trays left out long after meal with no follow up coffee or drink refills during or after dinner service. Food cart rammed my aisle knee very hard twice with little apology. As others have noted only 1 toilet for all of premium economy  which lead to long lines/wait times. They did not recognize One World affiliate FFs on same level. I am lifetime Gold in Advantage, but got nothing in terms of boarding, seat preference, upgrade consideration, etc. Check in was good but not above average. Overall, disappointing when compared to touted Asian carriers and almost as poor as AA, UAL or DL long haul.
  Bangkok to Vancouver return via Hong Kong. Upon boarding in Bangkok, I was upgraded to Business Class which made boarding and de-planing more convenient. Service remained top notch during and after meal service, with the purser greeting me. As a frequent Cathay flyer, these little touches make me feel more valued as a customer. The Pier Business Class lounge in Hong Kong is one of the finest. Error message from my boarding pass when boarding the flight to Vancouver. As a result, I was upgraded to Premium Economy class for the flight. Same deal, purser greeted me personally, and made sure I was comfortable periodically during the 11-hour flight. Catering was consistent on both legs in both cabins, nothing too exciting. Ground service: Check-In in Bangkok was fast and warm, felt welcomed by the smiles of the ground staff. Lounge front desk staff were a mix, some stiff faces but the majority are smiles. Bags came out first on arrival in Vancouver. Overall, very impressed with this journey. 
  Kolkata to New York via Hong Kong. Efficient and friendly cabin crew. Good selection of drinks and snacks in between meals. Herring bone seating layout offered superb privacy. A fine collection of films to view including Hollywood classics (e.g., Casablanca) and very recent releases (e.g., La La Land). Would have liked some classics of Asian cinema by directors such as Kurosawa and Ray. The bathrooms were kept clean on the 15+ hour flight and the flatbed seat allowed for some good napping. Having flown this route many times, I am impressed by the generally high level of consistency of service delivered by Cathay Pacific.
  Seoul to Bangkok via Hong Kong. After rushing to Incheon Airport, the check-In staff were really accommodating. Rushed to the boarding gate, just in time for priority boarding. Flight from Seoul to Hong Kong had excellent crew, and a purser who noticed my family and I from a previous flight. We arrived Hong Kong 45 minutes early. Hong Kong to Bangkok was on a full Boeing 777-200. At the boarding gate, our boarding passes (3 of us travelling together) got an error message after scanning, prompting the ground crew handing us our new upgraded boarding passes. Cathay Pacific's regional Business Class seats are acceptable. Not the most comfortable, it did provide me with some privacy that I would not get in Economy. The crew addressed us by name, and drinks were offered periodically. Economy catering remains consistent, nothing too exciting. Business Class catering I was impressed on how well food was presented on a regional flights. Everything tasted great and came in adequate portions. Finished off with Haagen Dazs ice cream. Arrived Bangkok to a mayhem of people at baggage claim, our bags were the first ones dispense and we were able to get out of the airport quickly. Overall, Cathay continues to impress me.
  Flew from Hong Kong to Cebu. Flight departed 15 mins late from Hong Kong due to baggage loading delays which was mainly as a result of hard rain at the time of departure. Boarding was done smoothly. Once departed flight was comfortable with good service. A very good flight with good service, would recommend Cathay Pacific.
  Last-minute trip to Seoul from Bangkok via Hong Kong. Since the trip was immediate, I was unable to get seats together for my mother, my sister, and I during the Online Check-In process. At Suvarnabhumi Airport (Bangkok), I asked the ground staff if she was able to move us together, and right away, though a little robotic, she managed to find us a row of seats together. The aircraft used on the Bangkok - Hong Kong sector was a Boeing 777-300ER. Due to a late inbound aircraft from Hong Kong, there was a 45-minute delay departing Bangkok and 20-minute delay arriving Hong Kong. Crew worked very hard during meal service, working around pretty demanding passengers and a short flight time. Transit in Hong Kong was uneventful, as most of the duty free area was already closed and the final flights of the night (at least Cathay Pacific connections to Europe/North America) were boarding. Hong Kong to Seoul on a refurbished A330-300. Flight departed early and arrived 25 minutes early into Seoul. There was a demanding passenger (specifically a tour guide) right next to us and she was demanding things from the cabin crew at the most inconvenient of time (right before take off, she was asking for immigration forms; and right before landing, she was asking water for her water bottle). The crew dealing with her declined her requests professionally but eventually fulfilled her requests after take-off/landing. Bags came promptly and we got out of the airport fairly quickly. Overall, the usual long-haul Cathay service scaled down (since both sectors were short-haul flights), yet the quality is still top notch. I look forward to using their service again very soon.
  CX889 from Vancouver to Hong Kong then CX703 from Hong Kong to Bangkok. Due to a mechanical issue with the aircraft, the flight from Vancouver was delayed by approximately 5 and a half hours. Check-in in Vancouver was a frenzy, with ground staff breaking the news to the passengers at half past midnight while trying to rebook as many passengers onto other flights (which were also extremely full, due to Spring Break). I have once stated this in one of my reviews, but it seems as if the ground staff in Vancouver are deteriorating. I was given told to "go home and come back at 4.30am in the morning". Dull responses such as "We don't even know if the flight will leave. If the plane has a problem, we'll have to cancel the flight. But we won't know until 6.30am in the morning." It was 1 in the morning, like how am I supposed to get home at this time? I was completely stressed out and realized I was going to miss my connecting flight to Bangkok. Nonetheless, I made my way to the lounge where the staff were much more understanding and tried their best to get us settled in before our flight. I was offered a bowl of noodle soup and blankets. Hence, I was able to grab a 4-hour nap before the flight was announced to be operational. I also managed to grab a shower before boarding which immensely helped me with my bitter mood from the night before. Vancouver to Hong Kong on the Oneworld livery aircraft. Crew was flawless and worked hard, non-stop, throughout the trans-Pacific flight, offering drinks and cup noodle every half an hour midflight. Arrived Hong Kong at almost noon time (originally scheduled for a 7am arrival) to an army of ground staff handling misconnections. I was rebooked onto the 8pm flight to Bangkok, and Cathay gave me a hotel room and a meal in the airport hotel as a compensation. The staff that assisted me offered every communication tool possible for me to communicate with my parents, who were waiting for me in Bangkok, as well as apologizing several times for the delay. I must say, although frustrated, I was impressed by how well all the staff in Hong Kong handled the misconnections, unlike the ones in Vancouver that weren't willing to help since they "couldn't confirm if the flight was leaving or not." (P.S. I didn't even receive my luggage tags upon check-in in Vancouver and the Hong Kong staff managed to get it for me in seconds). Hong Kong to Bangkok on a full Airbus A330. Cabin crew were trying their best to serve to everyone's needs, but with all seats in Economy filled on the flight, there were moments where I felt the service was a bit robotic. Nevertheless, all problems aside, I had a pleasant time flying with Cathay Pacific. It was a hectic situation well handled, so kudos to the Hong Kong ground staff!
  Flew London to Adelaide via Hong Kong on Flight CX256 and CX173. Cathay lounge at London was quite busy but we got a seat OK. Flight was 1 and 1/2 hours late departing the reason given was that there had been an accident on the M4 and the crew were delayed arriving from their hotel in London. Once on our way the service was very good, cabin crew were attentive and addressed my wife and I by name whenever they served drinks or food. Good quality champagne served. Inflight entertainment had a good selection of films, but the TV choices, particularly comedy programmes seemed to be mostly US shows. Seat was very comfortable and when set as a bed we managed to get a few hours sleep. Toilets cubicles were of a good size and always seemed to very clean and well stocked with towels, etc Flight was further delayed when arriving in Hong Kong so the 3 hour stopover we originally had scheduled was gone and we did not have time to have a shower and change in the Lounge as the next flight was already boarding HK to Adelaide was in an A330, same seat layout but seemed slightly smaller spacing. Service was again faultless and flight landed on schedule. Bags were delivered promptly and we were out of the airport in less than 30 minutes from touchdown.
  Sydney to London on CX100, CX255 both on B777. Check in was quick and easy with fast track through security and immigration. UK passport holders can use the E-gates at Sydney airport which saves time. Cathay use the Qantas lounge at Sydney, which was extremely busy and not helped by QF1 to London, via Dubai, being delayed. We managed to get a seat, but the lounge was not good. Once on board the familiar good service from Cathay, with very attentive and polite cabin crew. Champagne Deutz, Brut Classic to start was very welcome. Meal service was good, my wife and I both had the seared barramundi, which was tasty and light. Film selection was updated for the new month and included some of the latest films including La La Land. Supper served prior to landing in HK and the Nasi Goreng was very tasty, but almost too large a meal! Flight arrived on schedule. Cathay have a number of lounges in HK and we took the opportunity to have a shower and change prior to the next flight onto London. We used the Wing Lounge, this was quite busy, but we were able to get a shower cubicle each without a wait. This was immaculately clean and stocked with fresh towels and toiletries. CX255 departed on schedule, this flight has the 4 class configuration with a large business class cabin, however service was still very good. I passed on the initial meal service to get some sleep. The flat bed is OK for someone of my height (1.83M), although quite narrow if lying on your side with knees bent. Managed to get a few hours sleep. Cathay provide bottles of water for each passenger so easy to keep hydrated during the night without needed to call for water. Breakfast served before arrival in London I chose the Dim Sum selection, which was good and did not taste like it had been on a plane for 12 hours! Usual stacking prior to landing at LHR but we touched down on schedule and we were through the airport in 30 minutes.

  Taipei to Hong Kong. If you want to pre-book seats they charge you more. Luckily we did not fall in the trap and there  were still abundant seats available for selection at online check in. Obsolete interior of cabin. The entertainment system hung after using for 30 min and did not respond until the end of the journey. The lunch consisted of a chicken pastry without noticeable chicken, a  cookie and one pack of sugary lemon tea. No choice of drinks or food was given. The menu was the same for the outbound flight as on return. Narrow legroom. Flight attendants were courteous. However, two cabin crew standing at the back of the cabin talked too loud, which was annoying for us sitting at the last row. The flight was on time. Relatively smooth check-in process which did not require us to print boarding pass since we had a QR code. Overall it was not worth paying so much for such a mediocre service.
  Paris to Sydney via Hong Kong. We found the staff helpful and considerate. Travelling economy was not much fun, as it was cramped and we are old. If we travel again, we will try to upgrade. The food was okay and the service good. The toilets were clean and overall we found travelling with Cathay Pacific good.
  Penang to Shanghai via Hong Kong. PEN to HKG route uses an older A320 while HKG to Shanghai uses a newer Airbus. Efficient timing and inflight service, better food quality on Hong Kong leg to Shanghai and back, but food on Penang Hong Kong leg was not bad too. IFE is good with lots of choices. Never had a flight delay having flown 8 legs with the airline.
  Even with Silver Marco Polo club status, I was lucky enough to get an upgrade from Premium economy to Business for the 5hr flight to Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific seem to do a great job of looking after their frequent flyers. The lounge at Haneda is a haven of peace and calm and a great place to relax. Even though it was a 4 class Boeing 777, the plane appeared full. Departure and arrival on time. Professional, welcoming and attentive staff throughout the flight. Only complaint was the (Chinese) main course of the meal that was rather gloopy and unappealing, although the rest of the service was very good.
  Flew Hong Kong to Vancouver. I am a big fan of Cathay Pacific and have retained loyalty over many years now. They have never let me down and I am confident they will always be as supportive as possible in the event of travel difficulties. I no longer live in Asia so opportunities to fly with them are limited. I now will drive 150+ miles across the US/CAN border specifically to fly with them. The only thing I can find fault with is the food service which is perhaps the biggest disappointment and certainly could be stepped up a notch to give a top rated PE experience. This return flight was very full. We left the gate a few minutes late but arrived on time. Despite it being full, the PE cabin was served with the usual efficiency and professionalism of CX. The only downside to the 4.20pm flight is the absence of a dedicated toilet for the PE cabin but otherwise a great flight which was enjoyable and passed quickly and comfortably. Arrived in to YVR in good shape which I feel justifies the extra cost of PE. As always, kudos and thanks to CX.
  Always nice to step on to Cathay Pacific, especially after a number of recent flights on American based airlines. Greeted on boarding and welcomed with a glass of champagne. Premium economy seats comfortable and smaller cabin relaxed and quiet even cabin PE was almost full. Efficient and friendly service throughout the flight, appropriate for the departure time from Vancouver. Food was acceptable. Arrived in to Hong Kong on time and in good shape.
  Tokyo Narita to Hong Kong. I have previously flown Cathay Pacific long haul and regionally within Asia in business class and have nothing but praise for the whole experience. This was the first time I have flown in coach with them. My only complaint is the seat itself. It was one of the most uncomfortable seats I have ever sat in. I was in the first row of the economy section so leg room was also partially restricted because of the bulkhead, but it also had virtually no recline and the seat back was almost like a piece of wood. The flight was almost 5 hours and was pretty uncomfortable. Not taking the bulkhead would have been better as I would have at least been able to stretch my legs under the seat in front. I'm only 5' 10" so it's not like I'm overly tall. If you do want bulkhead in the first row then select the 3 seats on the window side as they do have more legroom. Aside from the seats everything else was great. The IFE is extensive and the service and food were very good. I'll still fly Cathay Pacific again but will just be more careful on seat selection in coach.
  Manila to Hong Kong return. Had a family vacation in Hong Kong via Cathay Pacific. Appreciate the fact that we were upgraded to Premium Economy. The seat is big and legroom is spacious. Can't complain even if the meal served was the same as those in the Economy Class. The aircraft is new and very clean. Noise coming from the engine was very minimal. Overall, I was happy flying Cathay Pacific. Wifi onboard is available for a fee.
  Easy-to-use website for online booking and check-in (London to Hong Kong return). Prior seat selections were honoured. Full flights in both directions but cabin crew worked hard and were very friendly and efficient. IFE had a broad selection of eastern and western films, more than enough to keep one entertained throughout the long flight. Food was a good standard for economy class and sufficient in quantity. Overall a good and reliable product. On the return journey (Hong Kong to London), as I dropped off my luggage very early at the airport, I was very kindly offered the chance to switch to an earlier flight. However, I declined it as I didn’t want to lose my seat selection (aisle seat). It was nice to have been offered, though. Boarding of my original flight was then delayed by an hour without warning, due to ‘technical reasons’. This was poorly communicated to the hundreds of passengers waiting at the gate, until the original departure time had elapsed. We were then advised by word of mouth (not the public intercom) to come back to the gate in an hour. This created a lot of sense of uncertainty as to what was happening with our flight. Once on board, the captain explained that a faulty oxygen tank valve had needed to be changed. Inflight service was good. The flight arrived about an hour late into London. Considering my overall experience, I would still fly this airline again.
  Cathay Pacific, Premium Economy flying from Jakarta to Hong Kong. The seat was great although I was seated in 34K which is the last row of Premium Economy, had a legrest like the one in the bulkhead of PE cabin. The food is great, however the same options as Economy class and the same beverages. The IFE was great, so many option to watch. Perfect for short haul to medium haul routes.

  Gatwick to Manila via Hong Kong. Arrived at Gatwick and headed straight to check in, just one person in front of me, after a minute I was greeted by charming check in staff. There is still no oneworld lounge so went to No 2 lounge, it is OK. Boarded to seat `17A and settled in with a glass of champagne and warm nuts, the flight was quite full. Took off 10 minutes late but arrived on time in Hong Kong, the flight was comfortable and just laid down to watch TV as I was not tired. Food is very good, just the right amount. At HKG had a quick coffee and went to catch my next flight, Boeing 777, a pleasant flight but arrived 10 minutes late. The notable difference between A350 and Boeing 777 are: No wifi on B777, you can watch tv prior to taking off and landing on the A350, substantially quieter and superior air ventilation compare to B777. And far easier for me to get to Gatwick then to Heathrow Airport.
  Beijing to Hong Kong. A good flight. Slight delay but this is normal for this route. Service is adequate but nothing special. There is hot meal served. The cabin is the old type business (non-flat out) but good enough for short haul. No greeting to members (may be I am only Sapphire and not good enough). Cathay Pacific service is declining.
  Auckland to London via Hong Kong. My first time flying Cathay Pacific. Very comfortable flight, Business class does help, but the attendants were quick to help with anything, and were friendly and attentive. Business class seats are fully lie flat and there is a rather thick blanket. Will be flying them again.
  On 20th December 2016 my wife and I were booked to fly Johannesburg to Hong Kong on South African Airways (SAA). Thereafter and on separate tickets we were booked to fly first class on Cathay Pacific CX711 to Singapore departing 16h10. We checked in on line prior to departing Johannesburg and received our boarding passes and booked our luggage through to Singapore. In-flight delays resulted in the SAA flight landing at 15h14. A lady with a sign with our flight number and names was at the gate. She expedited us through security to the gate. We waited 20 minutes before the flight was called and then presented our passports at the first class queue - our passports were duly checked, the boarding pass was initialled and we were advised to wait for boarding. When attempting to board at 15h55 we were advised that there was a problem and that we should take a seat. After 20 minutes we were advised by a Cathay gate clerk that we had been removed from the flight because our SAA flight had been delayed and that we had been placed on another flight. We questioned what flight and were told to wait. The plane left the gate at 16h21. At 16h40 I requested to speak to the station manager. I was then told that an SAA representative would come and advise us of the situation. This did not happen and I found a Cathay Pacific gate handler who said that we had been removed from the flight in accordance with Cathay Pacific’s policy of a connecting flight “having to have arrived within 60 minutes of the next flights departure”. We then questioned what other flight arrangement had been made. His response was that it was an SAA problem and that it had to be sorted out with SAA. No further help was forthcoming and no-one from Cathay Pacific would help us. We then asked as to where we could recover our cases and we were told to “get them off the SAA carousel”. We scoured the airport for our bags and after an hour found them on a carousel with Cathay Pacific “Offloaded”. We then set out to find another route to Singapore – this was impossible as it was the height of the festive season rush. After visiting several airline counters we eventually found 2 business class tickets available with Singapore Airlines (at a cost of USD 3200). Once home we attempted to resolve our issues with Cathay Pacific but merely received a string of emails deflecting responsibility to SAA. It is important to note that we complied with Cathay Pacific’s conditions of carriage which were that we had to have checked in one hour before the flight and that we had to be at the gate 40 minutes prior to departure – when we arrived at the gate we were in possession of boarding passes with our seat allocations. SAA could not be held liable under these circumstances. We have spent the last 8 weeks trying to obtain a refund of our first class airfare and have also tried to obtain compensation for our replacement tickets. No joy – just a run around from Cathay Pacific. Cathay Pacific maintain that they “reserved the right to assign or reassign seats at any time, even after boarding”. They maintain that this gave them the right to cancel our seats and sell them to someone else. If this is the way that Cathay Pacific treat first class passengers, I would hate to see how they treat everyone else.
  Pleasant flight on Cathay Pacific from Sydney to London via Hong Kong. The first leg was crowded but felt comfortable enough. Food was palatable with accompanying drinks, movies were ok, hostesses seemed attentive enough. The flight to London was a bonus with only half full so had three seats to lay out on - not the best but considering everything with economy it helped. Our flight arrived early morning which gave us a day to get where we wanted without night driving! All in all would recommend Cathy Pacific to travel with to Europe.
  Very smooth flights between Shanghai and Hong Kong on Cathay and Cathay Dragon. The ground staff were very efficient at check-in and offered to bump us to the earlier flight. The food quality was very high, with one western and one Chinese choice, and I enjoyed the sweet-and-sour pork with rice on the return leg. Friendly multi-lingual flight attendants, great selection of in-flight entertainment, and comfortable seats.


 Kuala Lumpur to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Everything went smoothly. No issues to complain about. This is why it is a 5 star airline. This is the best flight out of six that I took over the last ten days. Plane clean, food tasty and IFE with multiple choices. I wish all the other airlines I took recently could emulate CX.
  Bahrain to Manila via Hong Kong. I experienced an unusual situation with this particular trip due to some issues beyond the CX's control as it concerns a passenger who asked to disembark as the plane was about to leave due to medical reason which caused an hour delay. I am satisfied with the overall service of Cathay Pacific. BAH-HKG on economy was pleasant. IFE was awesome, Menu had Filipino dish as option and I loved it. Ground crew in BAH airport not friendly, the 5 star rating for ground service is for the HKG crew. From HKG-MNL on Premium economy very comfortable, seat was amazing, monitor for IFE was huge, however mid-flight it stopped working on some Premium economy seats including mine. Cabin crew were very apologetic and tried to resolve the issue however they weren't able to. Again, very consistent. Thank you Cathay Pacific.
  Auckland to London Heathrow via Hong Kong. The aircraft, cabin staff and entertainment were excellent, however in-flight catering leaves a lot to be desired. The catering department obviously do not understand what gluten free means. While the normal menu offered choices the gluten free offering did not. The offerings were generally tasteless, even gluten free food from the main menu had been removed and the basis for the menu seemed to be vegetarian and dairy free, even butter and jam were taken out. We cannot understand what inspires a caterer to provide mixed boiled vegetables for breakfast! Having experienced this catering disaster outbound to New Zealand we addressed the issue with cabin staff on the return leg from Auckland to Hong Kong and the flight crew were extremely helpful and arranged more palatable meals from the main menu. They cannot be faulted. Needless to say we cannot recommend this airline to passengers with special dietary requirements until this problem has been properly addressed.
  Flew Mumbai to Da Nang (or tried to) via Hong Kong with my wife and our 21 month old daughter. Flight from Mumbai to Hong Kong was fine, crew also. The trouble started when we got to Hong Kong about 20 minutes late and were met at the gate to be told we had already been shut out of the connecting flight to Da Nang. The connecting time was 1hr 10 minutes. I question why Cathay sell this route if they are going to operate on such a tight tolerance. We were taken to the desk where the ground staff first tried to fob us off with a flight 24hrs later and hotel. No good, not least because my wife would have needed a visa to leave the airport. Next, we were told to come back in 2hrs, and they took our boarding passes and gave us some vouchers for breakfast. I suppose better than nothing, though this is what it gets you. Though we were business class, no lounge available as we were the wrong side. When came back 2hrs later to the appointed place, things took on a nasty tone. First, the ground staff said they knew nothing about our situation and could not help because they needed the boarding passes. They even told me our connecting flight had already left - thanks for that! After trying in vain to get them to move, in the end, asked them to sign a statement with me that they did not know anything and so could not help - I said I'd leave them alone after that, sort things out myself and deal with Cathay later. They would not sign anything and said it was 'meaningless' to do so. Finally, another supervisor came over and we were eventually put on connecting flight via budget carrier and Vietnam Airlines via Hanoi. The only positive of this was that at least there was a Cathay staffer helping me with going in and out of immigration and check in /out of bags, laborious though it was. I repeatedly asked them to ensure the bags were checked through, which they said was done. After that, we were left to our own devices for a few hours, no lounge or anything even though we were business class and had a young child with us. The replacement flights were all economy too. Cathay still weren't done with us yet. When we got to Hanoi, thought it would be safer to check - lo and behold our bags weren't checked through. So once more, had to laboriously lug them between terminals, check in again. One finally arrived in Da Nang, 12h late, wrote a complaint and cancelled the return leg. Asked Cathay to refund 50% of the unused ticket and any difference for going via another carrier (there was none, as it turned out) since they could sell it on and it was 2 weeks away. I guess it was naïve to think Cathay would treat this reasonably, alas, after waiting 3 weeks for a reply, Cathay rejected it, hiding behind no refund policies and other than apologizing and offering USD150 / adult in travel vouchers, that was that. Any further pleas were met with a delayed response, apologies for the delay and hiding behind those policies. So we ended up seriously out of pocket, (whilst Cathay probably resold the seat too) hacked off with appalling treatment on all fronts. Never again will I fly this airline.
  Jakarta to Beijing via Hong Kong. The flight was good, seats were nice, inflight entertainment is okay, food was okay to great. I do find it a bit weird since there are some lack of consistency in the service. The flight from Hong Kong to Beijing was operated by Cathay Dragon, and they actually had a better seat and better food - much better. The menu of the food is from the Grand Hyatt Hotel at The Bund and it taste very delicious, a privilege for flying economy. And there were discount on products for the Chinese New Year at Cathay Dragon but not on Cathay Pacific. This different service I found a little bit weird since a regional airline had better service than its international airline.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. I was pleased with a good flight experience. Airlines in the region have cut back on quality of service, noticeable in aspects such as a lower quality of food, and cabins that are not as clean or upgraded as often as they could be. Cathay Pacific Airways still has a 2-3-2 configuration on its A330 planes and this configuration does not support a premium experience when business class customers still have to climb over someone to get to the lav. One must choose one's seat wisely. Despite this, I believe that Cathay remains the best of premium airlines in the region. FA service was top notch and when the my experience is compared to North American or European carriers on flights of a similar length, Cathay is superior. The meal served on the flight while not as good as it used to be was still respectable. Beverage selection was good. Baggage delivery, airport experience in both BKK and HKG was excellent. I feel confident with the flight deck crew of CX. The lounge in BKK was fine and although a very limited selection of food, the lounge was clean, well staffed and welcoming. One doesn't go wrong when selecting business class on its more popular routes.
 Bangkok to Hong Kong. On this fight, Cathay Pacific let me know it is a 5-star airline, even though I am in economy class. Boarding was fast thanks to the ground service in Thailand. The seat is very comfortable and cabin crew are very nice and some of them are from Thailand showing they care about the local passengers. Also the food is delicious and they served nice red wine in economy class.
  Cathay Pacific premium economy is it worth it? The answer is only if the airplane is new. We flew from Hong Kong to Vancouver, and aside from service and food, the seats were just a tad bigger than economy seats. On the return, it was really like flying economy with the seat configuration being 2-4-2. Seat pitch was narrow and cramped. The only time we felt we were on premium economy was the Manila to Hong Kong leg of the trip because we had flown with a new plane and seats was noticeably wider. However meal was like economy - a boxed juice and a boxed sandwich. It's a good thing we paid the promo price. Unless you are assured of flying the new planes, I do not see any difference flying premium Eco as compared to economy except for a better service than economy.
  Flying Business class on Cebu to Hong Kong route was a bit of a shock, as this plane has a 2x3x2 configuration. This resembled more like premium economy so a huge let down by this airline putting on substandard business class. Service was also like economy class - quick and fast with not much of a smile from cabin crew either. IFE was fine though. Food still average and these days its all Asian style food so if you want western food you out of luck. Unless they put on a new plane with the much more business class set up of 1x2x1 avoid this route. It was  a let down.
  A big thanks to the staff of Cathay Pacific. I flew on 11th January 2017 from Toronto to Mumbai via Hong Kong. The baggage clearing staff was so very polite and good at the counter. The cabin crew was very polite and helpful to all the passengers, specially myself as I was to board a transit flight and was worried for the connection. The ground staff (guiding from CX825 to CX663) was very helpful on landing at Hong Kong airport, they got me to the connection just in time and so glad I did not miss my flight. 
  New York to Manila via Hong Kong. I just had a very unpleasant experience with Cathay Pacific with the Hong Kong ground crew and facility. I was booked as handicapped and need a wheelchair. Was told only 2 wheelchairs are available and was asked to walk. Ground crew inconsiderate. Last time I'll use this airline.
  After a gap of almost 15 years, I booked a return ticket from Paris CDG to Bangkok via Hong Kong, as I was curious to see what had changed. A first inconvenience occurred when, for the return journey, I was rebooked from BKK to HKG on an earlier flight, without any explanation, this causing a much longer connecting time in HKG while waiting my flight back to Paris. The day of my departure from Paris happened to be the maiden flight of A350 between CDG and HKG. The plane was full, and, for the reason of late cargo loading, we got 55 minutes delay. At this moment, while still on the ground I knew my connecting flight to BKK would be missed. When arriving in HKG, 12 hours later, a new boarding pass was swiftly given to me, with an attached voucher reaching the generous value of a hamburger at any airport Mc Donald’s. I had to wait 4 hours instead of 75 minutes in terminal. A bit disappointed on this situation, its handling of passenger being a little careless. Besides this not-so-good story, everything went smoothly. Cabins clean and cabin crew delivering a top quality service, efficient and professional. The attendants were well groomed, responsive and pleasant. CX catering, if compared to Emirates, is a little below in term of product, but the food is tastier, aiming at natural non-sophisticated dishes, rather than fancy bland food, and wine is served in generous portions. The IFE is satisfactory, with a decent variety of movies and TV shows. Comfort inflight is correct for economy class. Seat configuration 3-3-3 on 777’s and A350, and seat pitch is good. I regret that footrests have disappeared. Similarly, no longer hot towels and amenity kits in economy class. I would not applaud the ergonomy of meal trays, slipping on tablets, with not well stackable cups, and equipped with plastic cutlery instead of stainless (by the way, spreading butter with such curved knives is a real challenge for a left-handed like me). By and large, I can still recommend Cathay Pacific on the Asia-Europe route. But, being not at lower price, CX should take care, in such highly competitive market, to give a little more than competitors, even small things. 
  Manila to Hong Kong. Cathay's business class appears to make up for it's mediocre economy class offering on the same route. Outbound on an older Boeing 777 with the tired regional configuration but the seats were quite comfortable. Service from welcome drink to meal service impeccable, but IFE lacking compared to what is listed on their website. Mixed feelings on the more modern inbound segment with the new A350 in the newer small suite configuration. Meal service much better and full complement of IFE. However, the staff did not have health declaration forms available which we had to fill up after deplaning causing delay in exiting the terminal, and it caused quite a backup of passengers exiting the plane. In all, an expensive product but well worth the pampering.
  Hong Kong to Paris. Check-in was very quick at a dedicated area in Hong Kong Airport. There were two porters that took the bags and a very nice and smiley agent completing the check in process within 1 minute. As I arrived slightly late at the airport, she walked me to the entrance of security and asked a more junior colleague to take me through security. The staff that accompanied me was not that necessary as we did not have to jump any queue. Hong Kong Airport must have the world's most efficient security screening and although there were quite a lot of people, the security and immigration process took less than 10 minutes. Did not have time to visit the lounge and once on board, the cabin crew asked me where my seat was and she immediately addressed me by my name. A very comfortable pyjamas, slippers, elaborate AESOP amenities kit were given out. Amuse bouche and champagne was served before take off. A restaurant style menu board was given as the senior crew member introduced himself followed by the junior crew refilling the champagne. Once off, they came round to take order for the late night supper which consisted of caviar, salmon, an extensive choice of Western and Chinese food. I was not hungry and ordered only a Chinese soup which was hot and very flavourful. I must have looked very tired and the crew suggested me to go get changed and they would set up the bed for me. When I returned, my seat turned into a very comfortable and wide bed. The crew proposed a cup of camomile tea which I gladly accepted. I slept for a good 10 hours and when I woke up, other passengers were already having their breakfast. I was hungry and opted to have the full breakfast of fruit, toasts, cereal and dim sum - quality comparable to many restaurants in Hong Kong. I asked the crew if I could have more toasts as I was still hungry, they proposed some scramble eggs or a bowl of wonton noodles for me. At the end, I had a hard boiled egg in a bowl of delicious wonton noodles. The cabin crew on this flight were classy but friendly and approachable at the same time, they give out the feeling that they were genuinely happy to have you travelling with them. Arrival was ahead of schedule and CX ground staff were very visible and welcoming at the bridge and baggage reclaim area. Waited for less than 10 minutes for the bags which were among the first to come out.
  Hong Kong to Bangkok. Check-in at the transfer desk in HKG was efficient and took less than 1 minute. The lounge was busy with plenty of holidaymakers but festive. Did not have to wait for showers. Boarding orderly with priority lanes. The seat was the Boeing 777 pod seat that can turn into a bed. Flight was quite empty and on the last day of the year, cabin crew were chatty and full of holiday spirits. Champagne was offered twice before takeoff and once leveled out, they came with another round of drinks followed by a meal. Entrée was 3 prawns on a bed of salad, the main dish was Thai curry chicken rice, an option of Chinese fish with rice or an afternoon tea set. There was ice cream for desert. The chief purser went to each passenger towards the end of the flight wishing us a happy new year. 
  Flew Cathay from CGK to YYZ via HKG. Some of the best in-flight service I've received. Very personalized, efficient and always present no matter how busy the cabin is. The knock against Cathay is that the long-haul business class is in need of a major refresh - especially its IFE system with lower resolution (non-HD) and somewhat small screen. Overall - a very enjoyable flight and kudos to all the flight crew!
  Both of my flights were completely packed, as per the New Year peak season. Bangkok to Hong Kong sector was operated was a slightly older Boeing 777-200 but with a refreshed cabin. Cabin crew was enthusiastic as per Cathay's standards and exceeded my expectations for a 2-hour flight. Since I haven't experienced a "regular" Economy seat in a while now (I normally book bulkhead seats), I was shocked (in a good way) as to how much leg room there actually is. It's amazing how an extra inch of pitch can make a difference in flight. Hong Kong to Vancouver on a 1-year old 777-300ER, and honestly, it was my best experience of all the trips I've made on this sector. I reckon the majority of the crew are Vancouver-based, which I have noticed from the diversity of nationalities, as well as more attentive service as a whole. I'm not saying those of Hong Kong-based are inferior, but I definitely find the latter tend to rush the service a little. With that being said, this flight was excellent. FAs were responding to requests promptly, also going out of their way to give more than expected. Pushback and taxiing at Hong Kong were early, as the captain was trying to make up time for the surprisingly long flight time (11 hr 40 min, compared to the usual 10 hr 30 min). Despite the early departure, the flight was 30 minutes late into Vancouver, none of which are Cathay's fault as all flights from Asia were delayed coming in that day. Overall, my best experience on Cathay so far and I look forward to using their service again in March.
  Auckland to Milan via Hong Kong, the flights were all on time and without any problem. The crew on both flights were friendly, efficient and present when needed. The seat is one of the best in business class. The crew address business class travelers by name. The food is great as well: there is always a western and an Asian option: an in addition one can always have an Ice Cream or a Noodle Soup at any time during the flight.
  Milan to Auckland via Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific business class seat has different comfortable positions and is very spacious when seated. The flat bed position is very wide and roomy, one does not get claustrophobic when lying down. The cabin crew is one of the best and friendliest and crew greet you by the name. For food one can choose between the western and the asian option (mostly chinese and thai): I choose mostly asian and was not disappointed. The seats have the same quality standard on the 777 (from Milan to Hong Kong) and the latest A350 (from Hong Kong to Auckland). For me the only difference between the two aircrafts were the slightly bigger windows in the A350 and the onboard camera on the top tail on the A350 . The Movie selection is one of the best. Only the choices on the classical music audio were disappointingly limited. The travel from Milan to Auckland was one of my best airline experiences in the the last years.
  Brisbane to Hong Kong. I was surprised by the airport staff because she gave me a free upgrade to Business Class. Business Class product was outstanding. I liked the design of the seat that could be adjusted to a full flat-bed.  The meal service was marvellous and there were a variety of options to choose. The cabin staff service was  very friendly. The inflight entertainment had a wide selection of choice of movies, TV shows, music and games. It would be better if free Wi-Fi service is available. I will fly with Cathay Pacific again.
  Managed my booking 48 hours before my departure. However, on my way to the airport, I checked my booking again just to be sure only to find out that my AKL-HKG flight will be delayed for 45 minutes so it meant that I will miss my quick connecting flight from HKG-MNL. They transferred me to the earliest next day flight. My AKL-HKG was delayed for 2 hours instead of just 45 mins. Food was great as usual. Cabin crews were cheerful and always ready to help. With Cathay, you can be assured that you will be well fed. I was given a free over night accommodation and free breakfast in Hong Kong Airport Hotel. The things that I didn't like with this flight were the unorganized boarding at Hong Kong Cathay's failure to notify me with the changes on my flight sched and disabled IFE on the economy class in HKG-MNL leg while the Business and PE classes can access them.
  Dusseldorf to Hong Kong. Having had high expectations, my first business class flight with Cathay was somewhat disappointing in terms of service. The new business class seats are great, providing great privacy and space. However, the inflight service could be improved. Dinner service started late and took a long time. Also, being in the last row of business (there are two rows in a separate cabin just in front of premium economy) meant that the food was almost cold by the time it got to us. Service attention was patchy - tea for breakfast was served long after the tray was put down. Maybe it was that we were in the "forgotten" area, but it really was not a service experience that I would expect from all the things I had heard about Cathay. Also, the fact that premium economy passengers get to use the business class lavatories means a great deal of disturbance being seated on the alley. And lastly, having almost 5 minutes of advertising before the inflight entertainment starts, is a bit much, in my view. Watching TV series meant having to fast-forward every time. And, lastly, the question whether business class passengers should pay for Wifi access or not - or should at least have one hour for free. All in all, little things that could be improved on easily, but they do make the difference between good and great service.
  Hong Kong to Taipei. Really disappointed with services from Cathay Pacific. I did online check in 2 days before, online gave no options for kids meal. Finally find time to call hotline and said kids meal needs to be requested 24hrs before, I missed this by 1.5hrs. Talked to supervisor, nothing can be done but heard my complaint. Frustrated but not choice. No kids meal for a 3yr old and a 5 yr old. My flight was delayed by 30 minutes. Return flight also delayed even the flight departed on time from Taipei. On my return very disappointed again. I got response after my post and since I was overseas, I requested to follow up call after my return which Cathay did even thought it was 1 day later than what I have requested. The customer hotline lady and the supervisor I spoke to never mention about using the so called "manage my booking" function in the website to request for meal. As a matter of fact, how could I as a customer knows such tricks in your website? I am a customer, not an expert in your website. You should make your website informative to allow me to do so. To continue, my wife follow customer hotlines to online check in for our return trip and not able to find way to request for kids meal. I received call from your complaint staff. Equally disappointed and mentioned the same thing to use the so called "manage your booking" to request for kids meal. She also mentioned the agent who booked our ticket might not request for kids meal.  What make it worst is your complaint staff didn't even know which flight I took, date and my Marco Polo ID which I have provided to the customer service hotline. The customer hotline supervisor promised to forward me complaint to the complaint department which clearly didn't happen. 
  I flew Cathay Pacific from Seoul to Hong Kong. I couldn't watch any movies because the system wasn't working. Also there was no provision of water in between meals on this 3hr 55mins flight. I said to a steward that I thought my air fare included a functioning audio visual system, he told me the seats were full and the only option was a seat far behind in the plane. When I took that seat, the screen was positioned in such a way that I could not watch movie unless I moved my body forward away from the seat. No matter what position I tried, I could not watch the movie unless I moved away from the back rest. At the mealtime, when I chose the chicken option, I was provided with pork.
  Vancouver to Bangkok via Hong Kong during the Christmas peak travel season. I was unimpressed right from the start. Whatever happened to Cathay's ground staff in Vancouver isn't good and should be fixed immediately. Barely any smiles or greetings for frequent flyers and seemed ignorant to all requests and questions. My flight was delayed by 45 minutes and I asked if I could be moved my connecting flight to Bangkok in order to ensure both me and my bags make it. I got a response of "No, the flight still shows on-time arrival. You will have plenty of time, plus, since you have a tight connection, your bags will be off-loaded first." From previous experiences, any delays when flying against the jet stream through the Pacific Ocean mean extra delays, which is exactly what happened on this flight. Flight time to Hong Kong from Vancouver was 14 hours, approximately an hour longer than usual. Landed Hong Kong 45 minutes late, and I had to run for my life across the busy terminal to make my connection to Bangkok. I asked the ground staff at the gate in Hong Kong to check if my luggage has made it and by the time the flight was closing, they still "weren't able to locate my bags". I was discouraged and accepted the fact that my bags were going to miss the flight yet again. Landed in Bangkok on time, one of my bags showed up which was a blessing but the other took a later flight and got delivered to my house. Economy seats on the Boeing 777-300ER are great, one of the best in the industry in fact. While I was rushing to board my flight to Bangkok, which was operated on the Airbus A350-900 (exciting!), my boarding pass got an error message and hence I got upgraded to Premium Economy Class for the flight. The A350 cabin is by far one of the best in the skies nowadays and Cathay Pacific has properly defined the meaning of "Premium Economy" perfectly: the extra legroom, the seat amenities, the IFE, just to name a few. Food was amazing for Economy, edible and appropriate portions. Advice: Don't get the pasta unless you really have to. Go with the Western or Asian menu. Cabin crew service continues to be top notch on both flights, especially on the short-haul from Hong Kong to Bangkok. They really do care about their frequent fliers, so Vancouver ground staff, step it up! Overall, a pleasant experience, with a few flaws here and there that could be fixed with a smile or two.
  Bahrain to Cebu via Hong Kong in business class. Bahrain to HKG on a newer aircraft with good clean toilets and a very efficient crew. Food was very average and had a hard time asking for additional bread with the meal. Desserts are very poor choice and would have been better off in economy. IFE is very good and a good up to date movies. Flatbed seat is narrow compared to Qatar Airways but had good legroom when lying flat. HKG to CEB was sadly delayed as they decided to change the plane and once we boarded this seemed an old plane as the interior was very tired had seen better days. I just decided to sleep on this route. Cathay Pacific need to up their game in terms of food and the quality and quantity served in business class - its way below Qatar Airways and Emirates.
  Hong Kong to Beijing. The flight is scheduled for 5pm and I boarded at 4:10. It was not until 6:30 that announcement was made to abandon the flight due to a technical problem. The flight was re-scheduled for 9pm and took off at around 9:30. The compensation is that the boarding pass is worth HKD75 for a meal but that at HKG airport can buy nothing more than a hamburger. We arrived in Beijing well after midnight and my land connection were ended for the day. I can check in at the airport hotel only after 2am. Yes, they did say 'sorry', but they don't even mean it. I am resentful that we are kept in the cabin for 2 hours - perhaps to prevent passengers to rebook an earlier flight? A nightmare of a flight. Cathay Pacific is not a bad airline, but other airlines have better on-time record.
  Hong Kong to Melbourne. I haven't traveled with Cathay Pacific Airway for years, I used to really impress of this flight but not this time after years that I came back to this airline. Sorry to say, but it could be a lot better these days. I hope this airline can be improved and up to date. I would hope to travel with Cathay Pacific again where I can feel more welcome, comfortable seat, better food and drink service also more attentive service.

  
Flew Cathay Pacific Airways from Singapore to Hong Kong. Free upgrade to premium economy which was a pleasant surprise at check in but no difference compared to standard economy other than a slightly bigger seat. 3 hour and 50 minute flight with only one run of drinks service before breakfast. Seat could not recline and seafood porridge tasted too watery. Attendants did not respond and seemed impolite when I said thank you every time I had service.
  Melbourne to Tokyo via Hong Kong on Cathay Pacific Airways. The ground staff at Melbourne and Tokyo were exceptional, however, the airline itself I was disappointed with. The staff were more interested in getting their job done than customer service. We were sitting at the back and they served our meals last, but within a few minutes they came around to collect the meal trays which is not a good experience for slow eaters. The seat on the Boeing 777-300 was really comfortable, I liked how it was tall and that there was a remote, but the TV kept getting stuck. The seat on the A330-300 was bad, the seat was short which means tall people can't sleep comfortably. Also, the inflight entertainment was bad with very few selection, unlike other airlines, like Emirates. The food was terrible and I couldn't eat some of the meals at all. Overall will not be flying with Cathay again, I prefer flying with Singapore on the same route.
  Taipei to Delhi via Hong Kong. Cathay Pacific is moving straight into ignoring everyone except for Business Class travellers.  At Cathay, despite you paying a very high price for a ticket and having the highest loyalty card tier, the flexibility of ground staff on luggage and seating is zero. They have no power to help you in anything. Avoid this airline at all cost if you don't fly Business or First Class as the level of service does not justify the ticket price. Seriously disappointed on the ground staff service.
  Shanghai to Hong Kong return, out on Cathay Dragon and returning on Cathay Pacific. Although I miss the old Dragonair logo, the transition between the two airlines has become almost seamless. On Cathay Dragon to HKG, the business class was configured in a 2x2x2 layout. The seats were very comfortable and I appreciated the new streamlined tray tables and side seat pocket. The food was dim sum, which was good but nothing spectacular. The rose flavored prosecco cocktail handed out during boarding was very good, and I enjoyed the choice of wines. Service was quite standard, but I felt that there were too many flight attendants for such a small business class section, giving the sensation of lots of people buzzing around the cabin. On the way back, the flight was operated by Cathay Pacific and featured the 1-2-1 herringbone layout which I much preferred for the privacy. Food was great - I had the sweet and sour fish and champagne. However, if I had one complaint it was again there were too many FAs in business class, making the aisles appear crowded. The departure lounge at SHA was also a disappointment but that's more on Shanghai Hongqiao airport rather than Cathay. Generally, I look forward to flying Cathay/Dragon because I know I can expect high standards of cleanliness and service.
  Vancouver to Hong Kong. First time flying on Cathay Pacific's premium economy class. The seat is very comfortable with great legroom and recline. IFE is the same as economy but the screen is bigger. The amenity kit includes earplugs, eye mask, toothbrush, toothpaste and a pair of socks. Welcome drinks were provided while boarding and hot towel service after take-off. The meal is delicious with great choices. Premium economy on Cathay's long haul flight is worth it.
 I booked this flight (Hong Kong to Singapore) with British Airways frequent flyer points, travelling on Cathay Pacific. I paid for Premium Economy onboard an A340-300 but due to an equipment change we were rebooked onboard regional business class on a Boeing 777-300. As a OWE member I used the Pier First class lounge which was superb, really enjoyed it there and dined on a three course lunch and several glasses of Verve Clicquot champagne. We boarded via the priority queue 30 minutes before departure. We were warmly welcomed onboard and seated in 14A and 14C and the seats were recliners arranged 2-3-2. On sitting down we were offered drinks, I took a glass of Billicart Salmon champagne. The menu on offer was: king prawn and asparagus salad, followed by a choice of pork noodle soup, beef and orzo pasta or a tea set. We chose the latter two between us and both were decent rather than good. Hagen Das ice cream was offered for dessert. I also had a further three refills of champagne which was most welcome. There was a good choice of films and I watched Independence Day 2 and an episode of Family Guy. My wife was asked to fill in a passenger survey. She was given a $HK50 onboard duty free voucher for completing this, however it wasn't used as a minimum spend was $HK600. We arrived on time and immigration was swift. From landing to collecting our bags and getting into a taxi took 30 minutes.
  Overall very satisfied with CX F. Despite the fact that the ground service at JFK needs improvement including the check-in staff, lounge experience and boarding process, Cathay's onboard service and facilities provide a great compensation. The 2 FAs serving the first class cabin are very helpful, friendly and personal. 6 Seats in first are in a 1-1-1 configuration. Huge and greatly adjustable. The bed is one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. IFE was sufficient but not so up-to-date. However, food options are limited and are always repeating on North America flights. Need to add new items. Amenity bag has basic items but pajamas are very comfortable. By the way, refurbished lounges at HKG are definitely fabulous.
  London to Brisbane via Hong Kong. Not overly impressed with Cathay Pacific. In particular, the new economy seating is great and comfortable in the upright position but for me is very uncomfortable when you try to recline it. I landed up with my seat upright, whilst the person in fron on both legs put their seat fully back. The trouble with that is that then I could no longer see the screen for entertainment, and my leg room virtually disappeared. The first leg overnight was also very hot, everyone was complaining about it. The food was reasonable but as a decent sized westerner, I landed up getting hungry by the time the next meal was served. Not too sure what the point is of supplying a tray with empty plastic boxes on it, like someone had removed some food for cost cutting. Overall, it wasn't very nice and not looking forward to the return leg. Flew previously with Qantas on the A380 to Australia and would definately prefer to use them in the future, or Singapore Airlines
  Absolutely horrible except for inflight service. The Cathay agents at SFO airports are terrible and have no idea how to help the customers. They are rude and inefficient. My elderly parents were flying to Hyderabad and had a connecting flight at Hong Kong. When we were checking-in they gave us only one boarding pass to Hong Kong, telling that the flight from Hong Kong got cancelled and they have sent a mail (I never received)?. I requested the lady at check-in to help my parents find another flight as they cannot stay in airport for 26 hours. She assured me that my parents will be taken care, with no options left I had to depart them. Now the nightmare just began, on arrival the wheel chair staff took my parents are asked them to wait for 30 minutes - they waited and no one arrived. The airline information counter indicated that the connecting flight was cancelled because of few bookings and asked my parents to check with lounges for availability. They had no clue what do and where to go. They sat/slept on airport chairs for 26 hours. My dad told me that some people who fought with airlines staff were given hotel accommodation and food was provided. 
  Bangkok to Vancouver via Hong Kong. Regular trip back to Vancouver for the school year. Bangkok to Hong Kong was on a 2-class A330-300, I was upgraded to Business Class for the first sector, as the flight was not full. Cabin service was amazing, the food seemed to have declined slightly. Hong Kong to Vancouver on a new Boeing 777-300ER. Pushback was slightly late due to late passengers inbound from Perth. Somehow Hong Kong Airport was very busy that day, as we had to wait 45 minutes before taking off. As a result, we arrived Vancouver 5 minutes later than scheduled. Cabin service on this flight was superb in Economy Class.  Long-hauls with Cathay are never a bore. 


  The flight started from Hong Kong on time and reached Denpasar Bali around 20 minutes before the scheduled arrival time. The aircraft was Boeing 777. The seats had enough leg space and were very comfortable. There were cup holders, coat hook, three pin charger with every seat. The inflight entertainment system was simply awesome. it had several movies in English and Asian languages, TV serials, Games etc. The food served was great and consisted of Rice, Vegetables, Chicken preparation, Bun. ice cream, cookies etc. they had several drinks option which ranged from coffee, coke, juice to harder ones viz. wine, vodka, whiskey, beer and were served in abundance throughout the flight with salted peanuts. The behavior of the cabin crews were just excellent. The service, ambiance will surely make you feel that you are travelling in a premier airlines.
  Manchester to Melbourne via a short stay in Hong Kong.  The product cannot be faulted, my favorite business seat for space and comfort. The IFE is great with many choices. The service and food are another matter. MAN-HKG, food poor and service indifferent with one exception. Great on the flight and then spotted us looking confused searching for the arrivals lounge in HG airport, so took us there, above and beyond. HKG-MEL a few days later. New Pier lounge is fantastic. Large, many seating options, many food options, very good cocktail bar. Departure 00.05 so ate in the lounge, followed by cheese and wine on the plane. This was served promptly so sleep could be maximized. Good five hours sleep. Lights on 2 hours before landing to serve breakfast, and this is service complaint again. Served orange juice and coffee, then nothing for 30 minutes, then fruit and muesli then nothing for 30 minutes then omelette. The gap is too large. First coffee all drunk before any food and no top up offered. I asked 4 times for more coffee over an hour, so gave up and went for my own from the galley. This may sound picky, but this is a premium cabin, should not have to ask, and if I do, then it should be brought promptly. The food is just not good enough, especially the steak/Chilli Chicken (MAN-HG). Food is consistent, not good, over 7 flights now. We had better food on Thomson Airways Premium Economy in February, which is saying something. This is all a shame, as the hard product/lounges are very very good, the food and service have to be improved, the middle eastern airlines are moving ahead, while no one can touch Turkish Airlines for food.
  Sydney to Madrid return via Hong Kong. This was my fourth journey to Europe on Cathay Pacific in Premium Economy in the last two years. While seat comfort and IFE remain excellent, cabin service and food quality have declined noticeably. Meals used to be a notch below Business Class; now they are basically standard Economy Class (I compared as I walked through the Economy section). Cabin crew serve Premium Economy food, and then continue into Economy, and eventually return to collect trays. They are rarely seen between meal times. Service and food standards are now virtually the same as Economy, but the fare is marked up 200-300% - a big difference for about 40% more space. You also have to walk back through Economy and compete for lavatories. Cathay Pacific Premium Economy is not good value any more, and unlikely to remain on my shopping list. This is disappointing for an otherwise excellent airline.
  Flew Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong to London Satisfactory flight, nothing special typical Cathay service. On time arrival. But it turned out to be somehow below my expectation. I book CX at higher price instead of BA for their better seat in business, but this flight they used an airplane of older configuration. It is strange that, despite the fact that this is a 777, a newer type of aircraft, the seat was of the old type. I thought they have re-equipped all planes for the newer configuration, but apparently I was wrong. I am not saying that this flight is bad, but I expected them to use the newer seat.
  
This was definitely one of the most enjoyable flights I have flown from Hong Kong to London Gatwick. The A350 was much quieter than the other planes I have flown on, therefore I found it much easier to fall asleep. The cabin crew were much more attentive on this flight than the other long-haul Cathay flights I have flown, they distributed snacks and drinks throughout the flight, which hasn't happened to me on the other long-haul Cathay flights I have flown. The seat was better than the one on the 777 and the 330, it offered a lot more privacy. The seat was raised above than the actual footrest when it is on take-off/landing mode which is kind of annoying unlike the old one which was on the same level. Overall, It is really enjoyable to fly with Cathay especially when you are on an A350 as it is much quieter and the air is much better. I would definitely recommend people to fly on this route.
 Singapore to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Great airline, great service and on time departure and arrival. On the outward leg and without making a request I was upgraded to business class at check-in. This was the fourth upgrade received from Cathay Pacific this year. Admittedly it is my favourite airline but as a long term member of the Marco Polo Club they really do look after their members.
  I flew London to Brisbane via Hong Kong return for a 3 week holiday in Australia. Very impressed with the Cathay Pacific experience. Flying Premium Economy enabled me to use the dedicated check in for that class. No queue and very speedy. Staff delightful. Inflight experience was great. Glass of champagne before take off, bottles of water provided and the food excellent. I chose the gluten free meal option (as I try to avoid gluten if possible) and loved the meals. Lots of fruit, and light fish dishes, perfect when on a long haul journey. Plenty of room and the seat was comfortable. Excellent choice of inflight entertainment and cabin crew very attentive. Flying via Hong Kong for the first time, I booked a shower in the terminal between outbound flights, so arrived in Brisbane feeling reasonably fresh. Highly recommend this carrier.
  Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur roundtrip was full in both directions. On the outbound flight, my dinner of pasta was good. IFE was very good, but there wasn't enough time to take full advantage of it. The inbound flight on a B777 and my original seat request ended up being a seat on the last row. But since the flight was only 3.5 hours, I didn't need to recline my seat. I wasn't hungry by the time dinner was served and I refused it, but asked for a drink instead. The flight attendant asked if I wanted some bread and fruit instead and I agreed. 
  Manchester to Sydney via Hong Kong. I was impressed with the way we were boarded, strict listing of seats with staff asking people who were clearly trying to shove their way on, to sit down until late called. I have waited many years to see the silly passengers who run to get on first, which causes issues with them blocking aisles being told to sit down. I look forward to the return trip and hope he staff this end are as professional. I also loved the way the staff greet us at check in, stood to say good morning, these small things make the difference. Great job.
  CX 178, Melbourne to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific Airways. This red-eye flight was uneventful thanks to the efficient service by the flight attendants, good quality food (incl. Maggie Beer Ice cream and Evian water) and comfortable seat. Passengers were served shortly after take-off so that they could have an uninterrupted sleep during the majority of the flight. However, I was a little disappointed when I was told by one of the flight attendants that no snacks were available since this was a red-eye flight. I would've thought snacks would available on all flights regardless. IFE was great, the noise-cancelling headphones were a nice touch. Still recommend flying this airline on this route.
  Vancouver to New York in Premium Economy. It was a 5 hour flight and super inflight service. They started with a glass of Champagne followed by a delicious meal. I choose Cathay Pacific because they have new aircraft, larger and more comfortable seats than some airlines, and cabin crews are smiling.
  CX 238. Left on time arrived slightly early, continuation of outward flight in Premium Economy. Seat 30A has no more room than the first row of economy, food is slightly better, films are exactly the same. Very full flight, is it worth 3x the price, having done both legs the answer is no. £1000 extra for a few inches and slightly better meal, simply too expensive.
  Manila to London Gatwick via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. The A350 is a wonderful aircraft. Manila to HK on B777 and it is great reminder about the difference between the two aircraft, I find it a little noisy and the TV is nowhere near as good as the A350 or the seat comfort. Check in was fast and efficient, the lounge is good. Took off on time and to my utmost surprise the whole of the business class was empty, I was the only in it. HK to London Gatwick on new A350, so quiet, so beautiful, wonderful business class seat/bed, superb TV, I can watch straight away before take off. After a light meal, I thought I would try and get some sleep, to my utmost surprise I slept for 8 hours and woke up in time for breakfast. The whole flight experience felt like I only travelled for a couple of hours.

  This was a red-eye flight from Hong Kong to Tokyo. Very efficient self bag drop at Hong Kong International Airport. Organised and efficient boarding. CX's regional seats are fixed back seats, thus proving very uncomfortable for a red-eye 4.5 hours flight. Inflight entertainment audio jack malfunctioned, although fixed by cabin crew after 30 minutes. Extremely poor catering, only a snack box (a tiny sandwich, chocolate brownie, fruits and a piece of shortbread) was provided, as opposed to full warm meal for a daytime flight on the same route. No choice of drinks, only a 250mL box of lemon tea, no water, tea, coffee etc. Arrived at Narita on time, but walk from gate to immigration is extremely long, nearly 10 minutes. Due to arrival in early morning, very efficient at immigration and luggage reclaim.
  Kansai to Hong Kong. Quite crowded check in area in Kansai airport. But bag drop for online check in customers was quick. Uncomfortable regional seats on Cathay Pacific. Meal was tasty, and much improved from previous short haul experiences, with the main course being Japanese style beef rice. Slow baggage reclaim at HKG, and passenger terminal was extremely crowded.
  Flew Cathay Pacific from Hong Kong to London Heathrow. First time in Premium Economy. Is it worth it? Yes and No. Firstly the good points. Seat is slightly larger, with 38 inch pitch, reclines 8 inches. Food Prawn or Lamb, not usual Chicken or Beef. You get a menu, wine is served from the bottle. TV screen is larger. Lights go off quicker than economy. Bad points, is it worth 3x the price?, depends on how full the plane is, if it is empty in economy then probably no. Configuration of 4 seats in middle is poor, economy 3 seats. The seat pitch could be more, Cathay used to have 34 inch pitch in economy, now 31 inch, so 3x for an extra 3 original inches is not good, buying two seats in economy would give you more room. Interesting class of seat, not all airlines offer.
  I had booked my tickets from Hyderabad to Melbourne via Hong Kong for our family of 3 after a lot of deliberation looking for the quickest routes available since I was traveling with my 2 year old son. On reaching Hong Kong we are told that there is not enough time to transfer the luggage and therefore we will be rerouted to Singapore and then to Melbourne reaching there the next day morning at 6:20 instead of originally reaching at 22:50. The ground staff were absolutely unapologetic about this and the lady at the 6th floor airline service centre was rude when I inquired further whether my son could use the lounge because we were not prepared for this longer stay at the airport. This is pathetic customer service from Cathay pacific. Really a do not care attitude. This is the last time I'm traveling by Cathay Pacific.
  Hyderabad to Sydney via Hong Kong. The first impression was quite good. I always opt for a Hindu meal being a Hindu myself. On the first leg they served me a decent naan with curry. But on my second leg of the journey between Hong Kong and Sydney, they served a breakfast of Idli and Masala Dosa with sambhar and chutney. It was proper 4-star restaurant class in taste. 
  Hong Kong to Dusseldorf my first time on a new Cathay Pacific A350. The flight was full up to the last seat. Although the crew was struggling with a broken bathroom light, a slow coffee-machine and a new layout in the galley, dinner was served shortly after take-off. I had the chicken and vegetables "Mott 32" signature dish and was not disappointed at all. Actually it has been one of the best inflight-meals since a long time. In general the quality of food out of Hong Kong seemed to have improved. The aircraft itself is very quiet, I hardly noticed it taking off from the runway. My seat was just next to the toilet and behind the galley but thanks to the noise-surpressing headphones I could not hear a thing and managed to sleep through the night just before breakfast service started. But the highlight on the A350 is its inflight-entertainment system, especially the various flight tracking maps (with view into the cockpit, side-views etc.) and the possibilty to switch on the two cameras (front and on top of the aircraft) simultanousely. I wished that flight had lasted a little bit longer.
  Hong Kong to Seoul Incheon. Check in staff was proper but nothing special to mention. The Boeing 777-200 business class seat in this route was quite uncomfortable. Specially the leg rest. The cabin crew in my side was very kind and helpful. Onboard breakfast service I think is a little bit mess - the service was with fruit service with hot drinks (fruit was dislikes), second service was cereal, croisants and breads, and in the third place the main meal. The quality of the food was not really good. The entertaiment system is good, tv screen and the headphone. The Boeing 777 aircraft is a little bit noisy but for the 3 hours route is ok.
  Seoul Incheon to Hong Kong.  The ground staff in Seoul was not the usual standard,  not very good attitude.  But this time the business class was amazing! Like the long haul business class flat bed seat and really nice food service on board for a 3 hours flight. Cabin crew very helpful, and kind.
  London to Hong Kong. Good flight. For long haul I think the 5pm departure is less tiring. On time arrival. Flight is good for both service and facilities. I normally fly BA on this route as they are priced better, but now Cathay Pacific matches it with a similar fare. Cathay Pacific seats are much better, fishbone 4 across against British Airways 8 seats across which results in narrow seats. But departure at T3 is less good. The lounge at Heathrow called No 1 is probably No 1 from last, and crowded. No match for the standard of Cathay, a 5-star Airline.
  Hong Kong to Beijing, the 5pm flight departs on time. Service is adequate but food not among best. Dragonair flight at 6pm has much better Business class food, as I fly both serveral times a year. Flight due to arrive at 8pm,  dinner starts served at 5:45, probably for the convenience of crew but inconvenient for passengers eating so early. 4 crew member serves 24 passengers in business class is adequate and need not be so 'hurried'. Will fly Dragonair next time and avoid this Cathay Pacific flight by comparison.
  Flight in December 2015 from Paris to Sydney via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Flight is around 23 hours long, so I was a bit stressed prior to the journey. However, everything was flawless. Cabin crew was professional and pilots very informative in their announcements. The airplanes were clean and spacious, and the food quite delicious; they served ice cream after the main course. You get to see Hong Kong airport from above on approach, and the surrounding landscape is very beautiful.
  Hong Kong to Dusseldorf. I usually enjoy flying with Cathay Pacific. Last flight was on their new A350 and was looking forward to it. I was disappointed by narrowness of seat (20A), lack of space versus Boeing 777-300 and only 3 toilets in Business class. The crew seemed to struggle with new aircraft. Only good thing on A350 is the quietness. Quite disappointed by experience and service was not at its usual best.
  Fabulous A350 from Gatwick to Manila via Hong Kong, my first time flying from Gatwick which is far nearer for me. Check in fast and friendly, Lounge No 1 isn’t as bad as I feared but food is very limited. Arrive at departure gate exactly 35 mins prior to departure and I just walked straight onto my flight. A brand new A350 with a gorgeous modern cabin, a good start so far, I settle into my new business class seat and noticed a much larger TV, superior remote control and the seat seem to have a little more padding and a little bit wider. I found I can watch a movie before take off unlike the B777, I also found a more detailed flight map, flight details and two outside cameras. I settle into my sleep blanket which actually work just like a sleeping bag, a clever idea. A high standard of food and excellent cabin staff, the cabin pressure and air conditioning is much improved. Arrived at HK 15 mins early and after an hour and a half the same plane took me to Manila, arriving 5 minutes early. By the way on all four segments of this flights not once did my ears felt uncomfortable.
  Comfortable seats, well trained crew. The food was excellent, specifically on flight fron Hong Kong to Sydney. The flight from Beijing to HK with Dragonair was delayed, resulting in delayed flight to Sydney, but ground crew met us at the gates, took us via security priority lane, and guided to the interconnecting flight HK to Sydney. The entertainment a bit outdated, although this is just a matter of personal preferences. Otherwise fantastic airline.
  I actually took the flight a couple of months back and only now had the chance to write a review. I took the late flight from HKG to London Heathrow which left at 23.55, which is great as you get a full night's sleep and arrive at LHR without any jet lag - great if you've got a full day of work ahead of you! The business class offering from Cathay Pacific is superb. At HK airport I got access to several lounges spread through the airport. My favourite being The Wing. The flight itself was excellent. Extremely courteous and efficient FAs. I think that the business class seats in Cathay are as good as some first class seats on some airlines. The seat fully reclined to a flat bed with ample space to stretch. Im 5'7" by the way. The 1-2-1 configuration means all seats get aisle access and you don't feel claustrophobic, which you do on some of the other airlines that have a 2-2-2 configuration. All in all a great flight. Just looking forward to trying the new business class on the A350!
  Manchester to Sydney via Hong Kong. My husband and I were very unwell on a recent flight from HK to Sydney. Vomiting and diarrhoea for most of the 8 hour flight. We had already been on a long flight from Manchester to HK and began to feel unwell as we boarded the second flight. We only had 1.5 hour transfer at HK airport and we did not eat or drink there. We advised the cabin crew on arrival in Sydney (I had vomited in bathroom as plane taxied on runway) and although concerned to hear it they did not make any report or follow up. On getting home from the airport my husband then spent 2 days in bed, and I spent 24 hours. We felt unwell for several days. We contacted customer services and provided completed forms, as requested. We received acknowledgement of the forms (2 weeks after the flight) and were advised that the forms would be sent to the catering team and we would hear back. 5 weeks on from the flight and we are still waiting for feedback. We had expected that with a potential food issue there would be prompt action. Unfortunately this has not been the case. This is our first experience with Cathay and we had expected it to be a quality experience. We are extremely disappointed with the poor customer service and will not be travelling with this airline again.
  Adelaide to Hong Kong. CX only have one flight from Adelaide to Hong Kong, so this flight is fully booked. The aircraft are very clean and tidy, I saw the cabin crew are very busy, as we almost approaching Hong Kong, they are still serving Lunch which makes me a bit hurry to finish my lunch, next time they should have better time management. But on the other hand, the cabin crew are very nice. The meal on this flight are very delicious, there is a variety to choose. The inflight entertainment have also a huge choice. The seat comfort have improved. In conclusion, although the tickets are expensive, but its worth it for this kind of service.
  Milan to Auckland via Hong Kong. First time with Cathay and has been great. The first was in a pretty young Boeing 777, with confortable and spacy seats. Cabin service was great and the food too. Cannot complain about anything. The second flight was with the A340, which also has been a great experience. This was a night flight and the crew made as much as possible to let us sleep. In both flights entertainment was good, with good movies and tv shows, music is not incredibile but I had mine. Just great flights that made such a long journey very comfortable.
  Melbourne to Colombo via Hong Kong. Excellent service and professional staff. Meals are very good and fairly new aircraft with adequate seat space. Really enjoyed the trip and thanks for the excellent customer service. I have used Malaysia Airlines previously but due to very poor service I selected Cathay Pacific with by paying around $150/pp more with less baggage compared to Malaysian Airlines. But still worth in choosing Cathay due to excellent service and comforty throught the journey. 
  
As always, great service, great food, friendly cabin crews and an excellent line up of IFE. Flew from Manila to Bahrain. As a loyal Cathay Pacific passenger, I am very happy and satisfied that their level of service is consistent. No big issues, only a minor misunderstanding upon airport check in but overall still an excellent experience. I am made to feel valued every time I fly.
  Toronto to Bangkok via Hong Kong. I'm generally a frequent flyer of Cathay Pacific but this was my first trip on such a long trip. Flight from Toronto delayed 45 minutes; although I was devastated as it was a red-eye (and at that point I had been up all day), I was also delighted as the delayed would shortened my layover of the original 4.5 hrs in Hong Kong. However, flight boarded only 25 minutes past scheduled and departed 10 minutes earlier than the new delayed time. Very smooth flight with superb cabin service. I must say the cabin crew seemed kind of frantic through out the flight but they fulfilled my expectations. Mid-flight drinks and cup noodles came about every hour, with prompt response after request bell. The food - dinner was alright, with my favourite couscous appetizer and the rice dish, which looked pretty ordinary but tasted amazing. Breakfast was a complete surprise. It was the first time I've flown any airline and had edible scrambled eggs, cooked perfectly with potatoes and sausage on the side. Short-haul to Bangkok on a full 3-class Boeing 777-300ER (a surprise of aircraft on a regional route), service was definitely a little more rushed due to the short flight time, but the professionalism was still there. Overall, only a slight delay from Toronto and an early arrival into Bangkok.  Reasonable fares, great timetable, great frequencies, great service.
  Hong Kong to Mumbai. I am a long term CX commuter and a member of the Marco Polo club. While I have always been a fan of the Cathay Pacific efficiency, the service quality both in-flight as well as for the checkin staff has really deteriorated. It's a rare occasion when I have seen their ground staff smile or try and make an effort to connect with the passengers, and the in-flight staff has similarly stopped any pretense at courtesy it feels like. And if you are traveling with small children, it is almost inevitable that they would be subject to extra rigourous seat belt safety protocols. The recent overhaul of their Marco Polo rewards is also extremely disappointing, with even small benefits like the lounge access or priority baggage handling getting dearer and dearer. Not sure where Cathay Pacific wants to go eventually, but they clearly are not doing their brand any favors!

  Melbourne to Madrid via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific, on Boeing 777 and A330. Premium Economy was very disappointing. Initially we thought that we had mistakenly been given an economy class seat. The toilets were most unpleasant; the same as the Economy Section used. Service was minimal. Not worth paying the extra. if you want to fly Cathay Pacific, save your money and fly Economy.

  Was rather underwhelmed by my recent flights with CX. Business class longhaul seat excellent in space comfort and privacy. Lounges at HKG top class. Cabin crew polite and efficient, but don't really engage with you on a personal level. IFE of a good standard. Food quality was the biggest letdown. Never been a fan of the en masse trolley delivery, the food gets cold and dries out. Also, is it even hygienic having all the exposed food with the crew member standing directly over it talking to passengers as she progresses down the aisle. Give me the 1 on 1 delivery anytime as with most carriers, much more personalised. You are offered bread once, then have to request any more later (bread basket should be brought through several times during meal as with most other airlines). What other airline does not provide salt and pepper on the meal tray? I had to ask as I thought it was just a missed item on my tray but was told you have to ask for it. My rack of lamb consisted of 2 of the smallest lamb cutlets possible (overcooked and dry) with a spoonful of risotto and 1 cherry tomato.  The sea bass was also terribly overcooked and barely warm. Cathay really needs to up its game in this competitive market. I for one will be avoiding Cathay in the future.
 Hong Kong to Taipei with Cathay Pacific, and again another unsatisfactory flight. The worst part of the flight is the impolite cabin crews. No smile, no greetings, and even worse, wrongly advise passengers of whether there is a need to fill in the immigration form. The crews were only passionate in selling duty free items. Food was bad. The only good part was the AVOD. Dragonair has much better service on the regional routes. As compared to my previous flights with Japan Airlines and Korean Air, Cathay Pacific has much worse service.
  Excellent entertainment system on both, the short-haul and the long-haul leg. This was what really impressed me about the subsidiary Dragon Airlines (operated the first leg) and the parent company Cathay Pacific (operated the long-haul leg). Otherwise, the service was average in my opinion: Ok crew, but seemed that they were rather just doing their job. The possibility to go and get snacks during the flight at the rear of the plane was nice, there were many things to choose from. Cathay also profits from Hongkong airport being a very serviceable and attractive hub for connecting flights with lots to see and do.


 Melbourne to London via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Having flown to London twice before with a cheaper airline (Royal Brunei) I have to say I prefer Royal Brunei. Firstly the B787 aircraft is far more comfortable for economy class passengers. It doesn't seem as cramped as the economy on Cathay. The check in was efficient and all my flights were on time. The cabin staff were good but with such long flight legs I felt they could have offered more drinks throughout the flights. The food was passable but only just.
  Check-in staff were talkative and helpful. They fully recognized my Qantas Gold membership. The seat was spacious and comfortable. It could easily be controlled. Storage was fine but can be improved. The meals on board were very good and delicious. Flight attendants were a bit robotic, although they were kind, polite and helpful. They did not appear much in midnight though. The Arrival Lounge in HKG was fabulous with a la carte service style. The only thing to complain about are that the price was too pricey and the flight was too short.


  I believe that a 5 star airline should show consistency in the service provided. After a great flight to Europe with Cathay Pacific I had a pretty bad experience with a regional flight. They announced a 4 hour delay at BKK airport. For this I received a vouched of 70HKD (yes 70) for a "dinner" in one of the outlets. My hunt for an outlet that was happy to accept it has been pretty long. After a long but nice wait at their new lounge I boarded and surprise - the aircraft is fitted with the hard shell seats. The worst recline ever experienced. I believe that European low cost airlines have bigger recline than this "premium" airline. As often happens with CX the food was not good for western's taste. And as often happens they underestimated (or under communicate) the actual scale of the delay, being almost one hour longer than officially stated. From a premium airline I expect more.


  Manila to Auckland via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Ground staff and cabin crew were polite and well fed throughout the flight. In flight entertainment selection was good and lavatories are clean and stocked. Wish that baggage allowance is generous like of Qantas or PAL (Economy - 30 kg). 
  My group of friends and I were traveling from Jakarta to Los Angeles via Hong Kong and have with us premium economy tickets. We checked in at Jakarta separately. One of us received a surprise upgrade for the flight leg HK-LAX.  It was a pleasant surprise and great start for the start of the trip for her. As friends all of us were happy of her but a tad bit jealous of her luck. So while transiting in HK, I decided to ask the lady at boarding counter if there are any possibilities of getting free upgrade and the remaining 3 of us were given the same upgrade to business class as well. CX has won our hearts.  On the return flight we sat on the premium economy seats, and the seat was comfortable, wide and the leg space is abundant. Service was awesome, the staff was very polite and helpful throughout the flight. 
  Semi-frequent flyer of Cathay Pacific, so not surprised service was as on par as usual. Red-eye flight between Hong Kong and New York Kennedy with a stopover in Vancouver. Transit passengers from HKG boarded prior to passengers departing from YVR through a gate with partition in between. Boarding for YVR-originating passengers was a bit hectic, and gate agents were running around trying to get priority boarding completed before general boarding began. I was granted priority boarding, thanks to the benefits of their frequent flyer program. I was greeted with enthusiasm and warmth by the purser, a great way to start a trip. Business Class was very empty, Premium Economy was almost full, and Economy was 80% full (a lot of the middle seats were empty). Personally, I felt like the crew were able to provide a more comfortable service, as there was no hassle to get through the meal service. Choice of food were either rice with chicken in a black bean sauce, or braised beef with mashed potatoes. I went with the rice option, and needless to say, it was one of the best meals I've ever had on CX. Flight departed YVR and landed in JFK ahead of schedule. My bags were the first ones dispense, so I was able to get out of the airport fairly quickly. I can't wait to fly with them again in July.
  Toronto to Hong Kong and Cathay Pacific offers outstanding service and a level of care that befits their reputation. Food was outstanding, and service both efficient and friendly. The food is excellent and although the staff had a full cabin, they seemed happy to do their work.
  Long haul flight of 13 hours from San Francisco to Hong Kong. Good aircraft and good service. However the meal timings were quite odd. The flight left SFO at 1:30 am. and after an hour, around 2:30 am, they began to serve drinks and then dinner, it is not practical. After drinks they should have just served some light snacks. Who wants to have dinner at 2:30 am? Its obvious people were not hungry and eager to sleep, so most of the passengers wasted the good food. then after that there was no food service; only juice was served every hour or so quietly so as not to disturb the sleep. Around 6 or 7 in the morning (SF time), people were getting hungry and all that they had available was apples and chips and cookies. Thats the time when everyone needed a good breakfast! Then just one hour before landing they served breakfast, which was around 4 am Hong Kong time (destination). there was hardly any time before landing, so people had to eat hurriedly. This is quite absurd. They need to serve meals at appropriate timings. Someone needs to tell them that. The toilets were being cleaned regularly, but with a full capacity flight the trash bins were almost always full and overflowing! The flight was full but the checkin staff did not make any effort to allot seats together for families, many seats were pre-booked and many family members had to sit separately throughout the 13 hour flight. When family tickets are booked, they should have a system by which seats should be pre-alotted together.
 Bangkok Suvarnabhumi to Singapore with Cathay Pacific (CX713). A330 was equipped with the long haul cabin, legroom was adequate, the seat offers a lot of storage and the touchscreen IFE was very responsive. The cabin staff were helpful to passengers and the food was delicious. Even though the departure was delayed, we arrived Singapore almost on time.
  Cebu to Zürich via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Normally I don't write a airline review, but this flight was the worst. We coudn't catch our followed up flight, so we had to stay a whole day in Hong Kong. That wasn't really that much of the problem, but they knew it 4h before that there would be several travelers which had to stay or catch other flights to their final destinations and they came up with no solution. We entered the arrival hall where Cathay Personal should take care of us. Well it was just a pure chaos. They had no clue or some of them even didn't new that we missed our plane. 2-3h later (01.30pm) they had finally a solution. I didn't excpect this. The following day we were not able to take our seats next to each other. We finally just had to watch for ourselfs where we gonna sit. They flight itself was a shame too, the seats are worn down, staff robotic and you have to search the toilets because there are less of them and so on.  Poor airline, never again.
  Flew on Cathay Pacific flight from Singapore to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. The economy class was overbooked and I was quite impressed that I was upgraded to business class for free. This A330 is equipped with regional business class cabin. In general it was quite an enjoyable flight. The only room of improvement is that more variety of music should be added.
  Hong Kong to London on Cathay Pacific. It was my first trip in Cathay First class. Boarding is a bit chaotic while all business class, first class and diamond status passengers used one boarding line. My seat was 2A. The 1A and 2A seats have better privacy than the middle and window seats on right side. Cathay only has 6 First class seats on its 777 with 2 cabin crews. So the service was exceptionally attentive and crews were trying their best to make journey as pleasant as possible. After take off, food was served starting with caviar, followed with salat and fish. Food was fantastic together with Krug champagne and superb wines. The little welcome card on dish tray written by crews is surprisingly warm. The bed in Cathay is one of the most comfortable. The seat was converted into a wide bed when I changed in to the PJs. The mattress topper makes the bed even more comfy. I had a very sound 9 hours sleep before aircraft touching down at LHR. It was my best first class experience. Cathay is definitely up to 5 star level and is recommended.
 Dusseldorf to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. After running a long way to the boarding gate (because of the tight transfer time), we were exhausted. The staff showed us the correct way for boarding. After getting on-board, I felt very at home. The cabin crew also helped my friend treat an injury with ultimate care, and consoled her from time to time. The journey was a pleasure after our long trip in Europe.
  Return London Heathrow to Perth via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Generally I was quite satisfied with all four legs of this journey. Grumbles are:- I booked the ticket six months in advance but one month later asked about paying for an upgrade to Business Class for the 23.55 flight out of Perth but was quoted an extra £2000 just for this. (Did not buy) I was at back of cabin by the bulkhead, seat 32A, Perth to HK. Continuous cool draft from three sides for whole flight meant this I was too cold to sleep even with 2 blankets and a newspaper under my shirt. Most people in PE appeared cold. My advice is to take a fleece in your carry-on. CP had several staff at Perth at the departure gate who have English as their first language. Why were the announcements done by someone who does not, who spoke extremely rapidly and was completely unintelligible? Food was generally OK, but coffee was in very short supply and no refills were offered.
 Chennai to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Flight on time and clean new A333. Food excellent. Cabin service excellent Hong Kong to Chennai was delayed 2 hours due to aircraft change and heavy thunderstorms. Excellent take-off in thunderstorms. Food excellent and cabin service excellent.
  Hong kong to Manila- a short flight and service on the ground and in-flight was excellent. Meal service used to be a full meal but Cathay Pacific has downgraded this to a Snack - it comes in a small CX paper bag which i found cute. Meal service fast and efficient and they come around to offer more drinks after the snack bag. FA's are lovely. The cabin is clean, IFE was excellent. Seat pitch is OK. Would fly them again for sure.
 Bahrain to Manila via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. As a loyal Cathay passenger, I am truly happy that the level of customer service is consistent. Great food with a wide selection of drinks. IFE still amazing, great line up of movies, very comfortable seat. Most importantly the ground crew in Bahrain and cabin crew were very helpful, friendly and cheerful.
  Singapore to Seoul Incheon via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. SIN-HKG and return ICN-HKG on the older shell-seat Economy Class in 2-4-2 configuration, while HKG-ICN and return leg HKG-SIN was on the new 3-3-3 Economy Class configuration. Food is pretty tasty though portions could have been a bit larger. We got Haagen-Daaz ice cream HKG-SIN! IFE was pretty decent but a wider selection would be even better. The new Economy Class IFE is touchscreen-only but includes a USB port to charge my very thirsty phone. Seat pitch was pretty decent and the new Economy Class is certainly an improvement. Service was pretty good. Only pity is that they are one of the remaining airlines to stick with 20kg baggage allowance when most others in its league have moved to 30kg. But I think even their older planes are much better than Singapore Airlines B777s. Unlike many other airlines, Cathay Pacific best offers are usually not found on their own website, but on third-party ticketing agents. I got a really good deal after sleuthing in one of the more popular flight meta-search engines - it was nearly 30% cheaper.
  Flew from Sapporo to Hong Kong. I use to regard Cathay Pacific as a premium airline: good food and beverages and service. However I was disappointed from the ground up. At Chitose International Airport, boarding was chaotic: seat numbers/row numbers were not announced and this caused a long queue even prior to boarding. This is somewhat unnecessary and uncivilized. Food was bad: a sweet meat dish that I could not finish. Even more disappointing was there were no juice/beverage runs for the entire flight although it was nearly a five hour flight. I believe juice/beverage runs should be conducted on an hourly basis as it is dehydrating after a long flight. Service is rather perfunctory and impersonal. Could Cathay please bring back the early 90s award winning service : good edible food and beverage and service from the heart?


  Hong Kong to Taipei, and Cathay Pacific is my favourite airline. It's my sencond time to chose this airline from Hong Kong to Taipei, the service is very good.  I enjoy the entertaintment when I am flying because i could watch HongKong films and the food is very delicious.
  London to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Earlier flight cancelled, long delay in airport. Booked window flights on cancelled flight and we have middle aisle seats now. Food on flight from Perth to Hong Kong was awful. Won't be flying Cathay Pacific again - 5 star, I don't think so. 
  Auckland to Manchester via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific in Premium Economy. On the first flight they ran out of both meals and the staff didn't appear to care. The second meal was served only 3 hours after the first and on a 10.5 hour journey this was not good. I was given an economy meal for both meals - not complaining about the quality of them just the uncaring attitude of the staff. The second leg of my journey from Hong Kong to Manchester was equally bad. Although I got the meals I requested (sitting at the front this time so served first ) the service was just as bad. Not offered any coffee after dinner and just a plastic cup one third full of wine and no refill. Staff indifferent again. I sent detailed comments as a complaint via Cathay website and got no reply, so a week later sent another one and requested at least an acknowledgement - still nothing! Bad customer service is obviously not just confined to the cabin crew. Can't say I'm looking forward to my return journey. I do this journey at least once a year but this was my first time with Cathay Pacific but it will be my last.
  Hong Kong to Sydney with Cathay Pacific in business class. Cannot speak too highly of the service on this flight. It was friendly, attentive and extremely professional. Seating comfortable and food good. One complaint: the entertainment console was not very user friendly. Also, it was intensely irritating to have to sit through the Cathay Pacific promotion plus other ads every time you wanted to view a program - once would be quite enough!
  I flew Hong Kong to Seoul with Cathay Pacific with Oneworld Sapphire status. Check in was quick. I entered The Wing straight away, it was getting crowded as times went pass as many Europeans and Australians customers have a connecting flight to Europe, Australia, China and rest of Asia. Boarding was quick, it was a reconfigured aircraft with a touchscreen TV and a shelf underneath it. The seat was comfortable but I think it might not be if traveling long distance as the seats were not tall enough. There were two options for breakfast: congee and western brunch. I got the brunch and my mum got the congee, I tasted both and it was both nice, but I think the portion was not enough. Cabin staff were hardworking and friendly, but some were not talkative and somehow robotic. We paid HKD4400 for both of us in this journey (return) so it was attractive and I highly recommend Cathay Pacific.
  Hong Kong to Taipei with Cathay Pacific Airways on an old but retrofitted Boeing 777-300. Flight departed on time and arrived early. Impressive entertainment system with a very large range of programmes, would be perfect if the belly camera was working. Staff were generally helpful and caring. Food was a simple sweet and sour chicken pastry which was satisfactory given the short flight time. Cabin quite neat and tidy but not perfectly clean. The return flight to Hong Kong again departed and arrived early despite bad weather at HKG. Crew were friendly and efficient. Belly camera was not working on this flight as well which was slightly upsetting, but the entertainment system was a delight. Food was a Portuguese chicken pastry which tasted better than the sweet and sour one. This was a very pleasant experience with Cathay Pacific, given the tickets were redeemed for free.
  Singapore to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Devil is in details. Steward would not help put carry on above the seat. Singapore Airlines allows 30 kg,  Cathay Pacific only allows 20kg and just made to pay 130 SIN dollars for excess. The staff could not care less if you are unhappy. 
  Flew Cathay Pacific from Kuala Lumpur to Taipei via Hong Kong to accompany my partner who had a meeting there. Due to high season, only Premium Economy available for all legs. While my partner, managed to bought a combination of Economy (KUL-HKG-KUL) and Premium Economy (HKG-TPE-HKG). Cathay Pacific was generous to upgrade me to Business on TPE-HKG, and my partner to Premium Economy on HKG-KUL, so we can sit together. Cabin crew are friendly and well-groomed. Lounges in HKG and TPE are so large, good ambience, varieties of foods and drinks. I suggest you to pre-booked a Hindu Meal, because it is excellent. My concern (and my partner) was the emergency seat on Boeing 777-300. It is not roomy due to a bulky emergency door. On HKG-KUL leg, we get irritated with the cabin crew who made the announcement with such a strong accent that I just couldn't get what she said, despite the cabin crew who served us had a flawless and a highly comprehendible of English. Other than that, I highly recommend Cathay Pacific.
  London Heathrow to Hong Kong on time, service good, seat comfortable and up to date. Food very good. Staff all friendly including on the ground and flight was easy. Perhaps IFE could be a little bit wider in selection but otherwise very good and worthy of 5* status. HKG to LHR also on time. We had been rebooked onto this flight after missing our connection from dragonair due to bad weather/usual chinese airspace problems in shanghai, Cathay rebooked us with good seats, gave us a hotel in hong kong which was nice and comfortable and made things as easy as possible, including giving our baggage business class priority, otherwise flight was as above. Would recommend Cathay Pacific to anyone, very good and gets 5* from me. Much better than BA on this route.
  Melbourne to Osaka via Hong Kong. Cathay used to be the best by a long way. Excellent seats, wonderful service and multiple flight choices. What's gone wrong? I suspect a classic case of a successful company failing to keep up with it's customers. Four out five of my recent flights have either been delayed or cancelled. Sit in Hong Kong airport for 30 minutes and you will hear constant announcements for delays. Business class seats are "okay" but are looking dated. Service is fine, but definitely nothing special. On a recent night flight the staff yelled and giggled all night in the galley while we tried (unsuccessfully ) to sleep through the racket. Looks like I will have to start looking for a different airline.
  London Heathrow to Hong Kong, and what separates a good airline from an excellent airline is how well it handles unexpected issues. My experience puts Cathay firmly in the excellent category. Half way into the flight (6 hours in) one of the passengers required urgent medical assistance. The pilot made the decision of turning the plane around and making an unscheldued stop in Almaty, Kazakhstan. The crew dealt with the situation extremely professionally. The stopover meant an extra 4 hours added to the journey, which meant I missed my connecting flight. On landing in Hong Kong, Cathay Pacific staff were waiting to assist passengers with connecting flights. Amazingly they had already sorted out onward flights, new boarding passes and for those who had onward flights rearranged for the next day like me, they had already organised overnight accommodation and transfers. I didnt have to ask for anything! Every detail was explained and sorted out for me before I'd even stepped off the plane. That's why its worth paying a few pounds more for a decent airline, giving you peace of mind for if and when unexpected situations occur.
  Beijing to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. I had many similar flights but on this occasion there was a long queue at both immigration and security. I had arrived early enough, two hours, thinking of a breakfast in the lounge before taking off, but most time is wasted waiting, and also the long walk from lounge to gate. The flight was otherwise OK, nothing to write home about but has the good standard of Cathay. And it is good that it is almost on time arrival. I hope Cathay Pacific can use a better gate with respect to walking distance from the lounge. A good flight starts on land.
  Short flight from Hong Kong to Taipei without incident and on time. I normally arrive early for refreshments at the Cathay lounge and it is one of the best, there being always a lot of food items available. The flight is OK but standard declines with this carrier. No more greeting to elite members as before, and bottle water is not provided. The refreshment is cold. Strangely the sister company Dragonair is better.
  Hong Kong to London on Cathay Pacific. It was my first trip in Cathay First class so I chose seat 1A. This seat is almost like a secluded suite as the seat in middle opens on the other side. Cathay only has 6 First class pods on its 777 however there were only 2 passengers in the first class on my flight so the service we got was exceptional. The crew was very attentive and you could see they were trying to make an effort to make our journey as pleasant as possible. Little things like talking to me about my vacations and my job back in London was a nice change to the robotic Crew at the back of the plane in many airlines. Food was very nice. I ordered from the menu whenever I wanted something and the crew was happy to prepare it for me, in addition my drink was always filled up. The bed in Cathay is one of the most comfortable in the industry. While I went to change in to the PJs, my seat had been converted into a bed with an additional mattress on top. Similar while I was changing back into my clothes the seat was re-organised in my absence. The whole experience was very nice, from Check-in till landing. I will highly recommend Cathay if you have not tried it before.
  Hong Kong to San Francisco with Cathay Pacific. Work trip, so had to take the seat offered me. I took the window seat in the emergency row bulkhead behind the wing. 777-300 is a big enough plane that overall the cabin felt roomy and even elegant. Suspecting that I would be experiencing a tedious 14 hour flight, I didn't have high hopes, but the seat width was adequate, and nobody was seated next to me. I could stretch out. Cabin crew was courteous and attentive, but they didn't really seem to make much eye contact. Don't remember too many in flight announcements. Cabin overall quiet and comfortable. Plenty of good movies and games. Lots of newspapers. The only negatives I could observe were the bathrooms and the very very cold air coming out of the emergency slide door. I don't know where it comes from, but it was a constant draft once we got to cruise and I had to place my backpack there to prevent getting frostbite. Disembarked very quickly and even though we were all tired it was all smiles and not much trash. Very well maintained airline.
  London Heathrow to Adelaide via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Posted a review for the outward bound trip a while ago and it was excellent, the return trip was every bit as good. The service was fantastic, crew were very friendly, efficient and there if you needed them. The food was some of the best I've had on a plane, if I was to be picky the food out of Hong Kong was a touch better than out of Heathrow but not much in it. Love the seats! Just great flights and very enjoyable.
  Excellent flight from Düsseldorf to Hong Kong, departed and arrived on time. The aircraft cabin is new and clean. The seat is wide and comfortable. The cabin crews are nice and professional. The meal for this long haul flight was excellent, the choice of snack and cup noodles are more than enough too. The inflight entertainment is fantastic, the personal monitor has high resolution and the audio output jack is 3.5mm with high audio quality. The fare for Economy Class departure from Germany is very reasonable too. I enjoyed flying with Cathay Pacific.
  Mid-afternoon service out of Vancouver to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Busy flight and Premium Economy almost full. Cabin crew welcoming, efficient and professional.  Premium Economy product offering is good and worth the extra cost to arrive in reasonably good shape after a long flight. No complaints other than timing of 2nd meal service which interrupted a decent period for sleep.
  Late departure from SIN on the 8pm flight meant a very late arrival in to HKG which caused problems otherwise a very satisfactory flight which ticked all the boxes. Professional and attentive service, inflight meal met expectations for business class. No complaints other than the late arrival and missing the last AEX train.
  I was on Cathay Pacific Airways from Seoul to Hong Kong which was operated by A330-300 registration B-LBI. The check in was quick despite it was an early flight. The flight attendant greeted me with a smile as I boarded.  I was allocated with seat 59H which does not recline. This is the last row of the second zone of the economy class with washroom behind. Captain explained the slight delay on this flight. Inflight the cabin crew served beverages and light snack and soon after the meal was served. The cabin crew responded promptly to passengers request. I would like to extend my gratitude to the crew for their hospitality. 
  Flew Cathay Pacific Premium Economy from Sydney to Manila via Hong Kong. They changed the aircraft HKG-MNL in December but never contacted me to advise that there was now no Premium Economy cabin on this aircraft and instead I found out at check in. Ground crew advised I would receive a refund and compensation for this, just keep my boarding pass. CX Customer Service refunded me AUD$112 and did not even credit my FF account with premium points or status credits but at the much lower discounted economy rate. Funny I can not find a Premium fare that is only $112 more than an economy fare on the Cathay Pacific web site. I then filled in the complaint form online and there standard response "Our team is currently reviewing your comments and, if necessary, one of our team members will contact you" 14 days have passed and no contact from CX. Most appalling customer service and shameful for a premium airline. As a regular traveller Oneworld emerald for over 10 years now, goodbye CX.
  London Heathrow to Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific. Crew in place to wish us welcome, had a good long flight on CX252, inflight entertainment was very limited, compared to others anyway. The food and drinks were okay, service during the flight was good, never had to wait long. WiFi would of been perfect but it's not on this plane yet. On leaving the aircraft I think the crew were tired as the goodbyes weren't there. All in all it was a good flight and will use Cathay again - we were late into Hong Kong but Cathay had a guy there to fast track us to our connection.

  Bangkok to Vancouver via Hong Kong with Cathay Pacific and everything was perfect. Pushed back/arrived on-time for both flights. HKG-YVR arrived 45 minutes early which is great. Catering really improved from last trip, service was fast and food was pretty good. I noticed a change in utensils (ie. spoons, forks, food trays) which gave a more classic appearance compared to previously. A wide selection of movies, and service was very professional on the ground and in-flight.
  I took the Cathay Pacific flight from Hong Kong to Taipei today and I did the online check in 2 days before. When I arrived the airport, I printed out the boarding pass and made sure that we picked the seats as what we chose during the online booking. When we got on the plane our seats were occupied. We asked the flight attendant for her help and she asked us to find any unoccupied seats to sit down as the plane was about to depart. I asked the flight attendant again and she said it would be fine. Later an old man with his family came and shouted that these seats were theirs and the man insulted us, even though we said the flight attendant was fixing the seat problem. If the plane is full and it should have no more vacant seats that can be chosen but I wonder why would the flight attendant ask us to sit any vacant seats as we liked. The staff is so poorly trained and it led us to be scolded by this uneducated old guy. I will never take this airline again!
