  Our BKK-DXB flight was delayed for 18 hours and as a result we missed our DXB WAW connecting flight. We were offered a long flight with one more transfer DXX-LJU - WAW no longer on Emirates and FlyDubai on budget airlines where the standard was far below expectations. Unfortunately, because of Emirates we also missed the next transfer and instead of 16 hours our journey lasted over 60 hours. The worst thing is that the Emirates hotline showed no interest in our problems. We personally had to nervously look for connections to WAW. I filed a complaint, but Emirates did not respond. They awarded bonus miles instead, but I never want to use Emirates again. It is certainly not a premium airline which shows absolutely no interest to problems of their passengers and to their misconduct. I feel robbed. If I had been focused on low price, not taking service / comfort / time of journey, I would have chosen some different airline paying less. Yet, I paid much, much more and I got absolutely long journey, poor service, absolute disrespect from Emirates hotline, and no refund. They gave me worthless bonus miles. Never again am I going to fly with Emirates - budget airlines seem to be a better option with lower prices
  Definitely not the standard I would expect from a premium airline. Business class seats and layout are dated and service levels at gates and checking in are well below other competitors. The economy class is well below Qatar Airways too. Counter staff are unhelpful especially at the UK counters. I would have been better off trying Saudia instead. This is definitely not the experience of Emirates that I have had over 10 years ago. Qatar Airways really puts them to shame.
  My husband and I bought tickets to do Paris Seychelles transit Dubai. On arrival in Seychelles my suitcase was not delivered to us. We wait 25 minutes. And at the end of that time, a plastic bag arrives closed with a ribbon into which a quarter of my remaining belongings are thrown. Everything else was stolen. The suitcase was therefore opened despite an empty padlock and the rest of my belongings stashed in a plastic bag. I immediately opened a dispute, sending 37 emails since January 6. I called every two days, no one answered me. I only received automatic emails, with zero follow-up concerning me. I therefore lost more than €6,000 in business, not including the round trip to Paris Seychelles. Unacceptable treatment of customers. Nous avons acheté Mon Mari et moi des billets pour faire Paris Seychelles transit Dubaï. À l’arrivée aux Seychelles ma valise ne nous est pas livré. Nous attendons 25 minutes. Et au bout de ce temps-là, arrive un sac plastique fermé par un ruban dans lequel sont jetés un quart de mes affaires Qui restait. Tout le reste a été volé. La valise a donc été ouverte malgré un cadenas vidé et le reste de mes affaires planqué dans un sac en plastique. J’ai immédiatement ouvert un litige, envoyer 37 mails depuis le 6 janvier. J’ai appelé tous les deux jours, personne ne m’a répondu. Je n’ai que reçu des mails automatiques, Avec zéro suivi me concernant. J’ai perdu donc plus de 6000 € d’affaires, sans compter l’aller-retour, Paris Seychelles. Inadmissible le traitement des clients.
 Every step of the travel, I found harassment, terrible customer support, and absolutely no help. I am treated like an economy class customer in all aspects. Check-in: 1. Rude arrogant check in staff at SFO: refused to accommodate a box that exceeded 59 inches though far underweight than half of 70 kgs allowed. Arrogant staff refused to ever entertain my request as the app clearly mentioned that I could take up to 115 inches, without mentioning additional cost over 59 inches. 2. Reached DXB. At the gate, someone came over with my name and he was not aware of hotel option despite mentioning that I received it in my last trip. When I finally approach Terminal 3 First class lounge, they gave me hotel voucher after a lot of time. Even lounge front desk didn't have that information. 3. The lounge front desk refused to help me get to chauffeur service, didn't tell me 'EXACT' steps on how to reach Arrivals. It was the most terrible experience for someone going there for the first time. The desk that manages Chauffer service was incompetent and provided inaccurate gate info where I could get car to hotel. All this exercise took 1.5 hours, eating up on my plans to go out to the city. 4. When I checked back in the following day, 27th Feb, the second bag was not loaded despite being first class, despite paying for it and despite 19 hours of transit. When I landed and waited for it at carousel, app displayed delayed bag with PIR info. 5. Apparently the customer service agents pretended that they cannot get my contact details to update the baggage claim report/PIR and kept blaming me for it. They knew the flight I was in, the bag number and access to my profile, but kept saying that they can't update me because I didn't provide phone number and email address, both were there in my Emirates profile long before my travel date. 6. No communication on missed bag despite repeated contacts with customer support. Emirates has provided the worst travel experience all around in spite of paying for first class and for additional baggage. This is my last trip with Emirates and request everyone to not waste their money/miles on Emirates. You will always hit a wall in getting somethin we think is customer service. There will be no help, no customer support, no sensitivity or understanding. All I experienced is arrogant highhandedness, no respect for customers.
 Do not fly with Emirates and FlyDubai. Extremely poor management from Emirates and Dubai Airport. Did not have permission to leave Baghdad and had to wait for 4 hours and arrived late to connection flight to Sydney. Once arrived to Dubai, provided new flight in 9 hours with no accommodation and no other services. This is an example of extreme mismanagement of Dubai Airport and Emirates. And when you ask their staff for help, they literary try to ignore you.
  Booked flight on Emirates website but first part of journey was from regional Australia with Qantas flight. Luggage checked all way through to Dubai so did not have to transfer it at Brisbane. Checked in on line and when arrived in Brisbane the customer service was very good allowing us to change seats to back of plane as was not a full flight so had 3 seats for 2 passengers, a very comfortable flight and the cabin crew bringing around drinks between meal service. Arrived Safely in Dubai on time.
  A real disappointment. Emirates costs 25% more than Etihad or Qatar for the same route, but the service was bad. First flight was 2,5 hours late. The seat I selected was reassigned by the system and no explanations were given at the counter. Return flight was 1 hour late. Online check in system was down for two days and I could not select a seat (getting a terrible one location at the check-in counter). Guess this is my last time with Emirates, since there are cheaper and better performing options on the same route.
  I flew the same route last year, and it is obvious that Emirates are using older planes on this route. Screens do not stay in place and no usb port at seat. Food was acceptable and crew friendly. More modern aircraft would improve the experience.
  First time i have lost my baggage after arrival and the help was next to nothing. 1 out of my 2 baggage was missing after we have arrived in Singapore airport. After waiting at the belt and asking a member of staff at the airport then we have found out that this baggage tag was no scanned at my transfer in Dubai. therefore the baggage was somewhere in Dubai not knowing if it has been identified or lost yet. The airport team gave me a Reference and told me that they will keep me updated. i asked for a number to call to the airport office and they provided a number on the form. Next day called the number it was a switch board and after multiple attempts and speaking to the agent you cannot transfer to the airport counter and they do not know anything They tell you that someone will be in touch but that is not true. The customer service helpline on Emirates website is useless as you cannot get through or speak to a real person for help. I had no idea the next couple of days where my luggage was or if it is lost? No communication what so ever throughout, multiple emails/ calls/ feedback to emirates but no response. The customer affair team takes 9 months to even reply. i have another outstanding experience in April 2023 from Tokyo to Manchester where of on my luggage was smashed and they have not offered any compensation but asked me to to go a repair centre for a quote after 8 months of the incident. Took them 8 months to acknowledge my claim and probably made 20 phone calls to change after multiple email. They have the worse customer service if you was to encounter a problem or issue.
  My Emirates experience was horrific, starting at Delhi airport where ground staff threatened to deny boarding unless I forced my laptop into my carry-on.  Boarding pass retrieval led to another confrontation at the gate. Emirates staff at the gate confiscated my boarding passes, threatened baggage offloading, and harassed me for carrying my laptop bag separately. Only after pledging to stow my laptop bag under my seat was I allowed to board just before departure. Upon reaching LA, I discovered a missing bag. It took days for Emirates to locate it. Emirates staff, without notice or gate codes, knocked at midnight, delivering my damaged bag. How they accessed it remains a mystery. The bag was torn, belongings damaged, and some items were missing. Despite three complaints, Emirates provided no response. Despite reaching out multiple times, Emirates offered no explanations, leaving me frustrated and dissatisfied with their customer service. 
 This was my first trip on Emirates. I paid $1,400 for my economy ticket. I also paid to select my seats. I specifically chose an aisle seat because I have neuropathy and needed to ensure I could stand up regularly to avoid blood clots & not disturb others. Immediately, I noticed the man sitting next to me, sharing an armrest with me, that he dominated, was sniffing and digging hard up his nose every couple of minutes nonstop. He would then touch everything around us, including the armrest. Each time he dug up his nose, he would grab the armrest that we shared in common. He also put his hand on my side and touched the screen, picked up something that fell and handed it to me. He was openly digging up his nose and touching everything while sniffing, indicating sickness. I was wearing a mask. He was not. I was entirely grossed out and very concerned for my health and safety. It was not a one time act, but a continuing behavior, every few minutes. I told attendants to observe his conduct too. The flight was over 12 hours long and I could not stomach this nasty behavior the long flight and risk my fragile health and safety sitting next to this man, imagine trying to eat next to him. I spoke to the flight attendants a minimum of three different times. Their eventual solution was to move me from my seat up front to the very back of the airplane, far from my colleagues. I was traveling with three companions, two sitting in front of me and one in first class. Our paid seats were the first seats behind economy preferred class. There were dozens of available seats in that section that were close to my companions and only a few feet away from the section I was sitting in that I paid for. Rather than make my health a priority and move me to a safer section, they attempted to move me to the very back of the plane. They said they couldn't say anything to the man. I didn't want to leave my companions. It was so frequent that I took evidence the entire flight to prove it. The only time he used a napkin was when they served food, and he used the one from his tray to clean his nose. That is the napkin he dropped on me, reaching over me to the stewardess. It was their jobs to help keep me safe. I was content in the seat I purchased near the front, on the aisle. I wasn't seeking to be upgraded. But if those were the only seats available, in close proximity to the seat I purchased, and still near my companions; rather than make me sit over 12 hours stressed out trying to avoid bodily fluids; put at a health & safety risk sitting next to a man openly wiping his bodily fluids on my seat, the armrest & me, they should have moved me to those seats, not the back of the plane. 
 Check in desk at Montreal airport going to Philippines: We were traveling as a family with my senior mom, my wife and my infant that was 11months old. We did our check in online and made sure we chose a bulkhead seat to be able to use the basinet. To our surprise when we got to the plane they have changed our seats without letting us know. Very inconvenient and stressful since we where counting on those seats. The explanation they gave to us was that when there is a change of the type of plane they can not guarantee the seats we chose. I believe thats not a good reason to give and is a sorry excuse. If there is a change of any sort they have the responsibility to let us know I would have been glad to pay for a better seat. Morever, our return flight was even worst. At the checkein gate right before boarding,from Dubai to Montreal, they told us that we needed to check-in our carryon bags since there was no space on the overhead storage due to full capacity. We told them that we can not do so since we have an infant with us and that the carry on and baby diaper bags where a must, plus her toys,formula and food etc. They still refuse and told us we needed to check in our carry on. We were within what we were allowed to bring to the plane and still we needed to check in our things. I find this ridiculous. They do not meet the product that they are offering or selling and they have no sence of transparency at this point and a sense of understanding the situation we were in. The staff also was rude and just ignored my concerns. Not a family friendly airline thats for sure. Food and entertainment: horrible and tastless and the 2 planes going back from philippines to Dubai and transit then to Montreal my entertainement screen were broken. Staff in the plane I can clearly see that they do their best but are sometime not found when you need them, especially in a long haul flight when everyone is sleeping. The gally where you can get drinks and snack where over flow with garbage everywhere
  I have just completed a trip Johannesburg to Dallas via Dubai, returning from LAX, and cannot fault them in any way. All flights were on time, staffed by efficient, courteous staff and seats were extremely comfortable. In addition, the other services afforded by Emirates for Business Class passengers - a) the chauffeur service, which I used twice, and b) the promise of a hotel room if your layover is longer than 6 hours - mine was 9 hours - worked extremely efficiently, and I was housed at a top class hotel.
 I booked this airline because of the paid wifi option. It worked on the first leg of my trip (Manila to Dubai) but it didnt work at all on the 2nd leg (Dubai to Washington Dulles - 14 hours). This route to the US is longer than the Pacific route but I booked it precisely because it offered paid internet. Unluckily, the internet did not work on the longest leg. I filed a complaint to Emirates and they said that it is really not their problem and I should file a complaint to their internet service provider.
  The seat pockets were ripped and I was unable to store anything. When I used the tray my drink slid off bec the tray was unstable. I mentioned it to the staff but they acted like they didn't know what I was talking about. I used to regards Emirates as tops but very dissatisfied. Every aircraft was quite poor except the CPT/DXB and that was because I slept for the entire flight.
   My wife and I along with 2 friends took the Emirates flight from Newark, NJ to Athens in September 2023. We had never flown on Emirates but decided to give them a try over American or Delta. The numerous tv commercials with actress Penelope Cruz has subliminally triggered something that inspired me to convince my wife and friends that we should give them a try. At the time of our "economy" booking we decided to pay an additional $410 per couple for seat upgrades. We had opted to pay more for the 2 seats together rather than the sitting in a row of three or fours seat in the center of the plane. As soon as we boarded the plane and took our seats I knew the outbound flight was going to be torture. The 2 seats that we paid $205 extra for were so small with walled sides and hand rests that didn't move would have been great if we were all contortionists but unfortunately we were not. We made it to Athens 10 hours later and after a couple of good nights sleep we put this horrible memory behind us so as not to ruin our 2 week long awaited vacation. About a week into the trip we did some research on the web and decided to downgrade our return seats from the same mini seats that we flew out on and instead opted for the standard seats that were in the middle section of the plane that included 4 seats. This was a great move as our return flight was much more comfortable. When I contacted Emirates upon our arrival and asked to get back the $205 paid for the return downgraded seats, their reply was that they do not issue refunds for seat downgrades. That said, the 4 of us will never travel on Emirates again. As a postscript I want to mention that none of the 4 our us, all retired and in our late 60's are heavy or have large behinds, to the contrary, we are all smaller individuals who have never had any comparable torturous seats while flying anywhere in the world. Unless you are Penolope Cruz and get complimentary "first class" seating or opt to pay the additional thousands of dollars, stay away from Emirates. 
   I went through hell when checking in. I had an extra luggage and the staff made me spend 2 hours re arranging and arranging the bags, the finally told me to trash one bag and to my surprise they still charged me $300 for extra kgs. The staff were also not polite and kept taking me in circles. Never will fly Emirates again
  Lately it's not enjoyable travelling economy with Emirates. The boarding areas are too small with standing too only for many, the toilets on the flights are dirty, the food is average and the seats are cramped. Earphones don't work, choice of movies has become limited. On top of that, the last two flights, they have changed the legroom seats I paid Extra for for standard seats. On complaining, I was told to ask for a refund on my return. No compensation, no upgrade (payable or not). Basically they don't care. Having bought direct and paid £4000 on the tickets 2, it's not really good enough. It's not what it used to be. Economy is now cattle class.
  Our family booked together and having flown for many years on Qatar Airways, expected that the family will be seated together. To our surprise we we each seated in different middle seats, including our child. The check In counter person was so rude when we asked to check if they can find an aisle seat since one of us needs it for health reason. We are so dissatisfied with the service. We have never encountered this kind of a situation in our 25 years of flying international.
  I took 4 flights with Emirates and it was an absolutely miserable experience. You get more leg room on an AirAsia flight, the food tastes like garbage. And the rudest possible employees you can imagine. I have absolutely nothing positive to say about this airline. Avoid at all cost. Just pay a bit more for a better airline.
 Following up to my previous review ""worst customer service" 1 reviews J Deene (United Kingdom) 13th December 2023" I'd thought I would update you on the progress of my complaint Thomas of Emirates Customer Services has been very unhelpful. Of having allergy/food issues heading to Tokyo Narita, I had the same going back plus 12 hours with a broken seat, no ICE Entertainment system and cabin crew unable to move me to another seat, however moved 3 others with no problems. (NRT-DXB EK318 25TH November 2023). I also got cellulitis on the the outbound journey the week earlier due to the issues onboard which DID affect my holiday a dream holiday I saved all year, the flight cost 90% of the money I paid, in the numerous email Thomas of Emirates Customer Service was unwilling to admit responsibility onboard was let down. Those food issue allergies that I told the airline in many months before the actual holiday. The Japanese holiday I am hoping to do every year, 2024 or 2025 won't be with Emirates they have shown lack of care, remember , ONLY caring for one thing the money you have in your bank account. For someone who won't be travelling with Emirates, Thomas of customer services decided 10000 skywards points is "reasonable".
 My luggage got damaged and I got information to repair luggage. They have an agreement with a center in the city which doesn't have even Samsonite luggage or any spare items. I got to get the value of the luggage and trying to find out a solution how to follow up. Oslo doesn't get any responsibility and referring me to contact to Dubai. I don't understand how much a person whom incurred to a damage should myself spend time and money to follow up the case, calling to Dubai, going and finding spare part which is not easy and many other things since the customer service is very helpless.
  I (via a travel agent) booked a round-trip business class flight with Emirates that ended in Queenstown, NZ. Upon arriving for a layover in Melbourne at 23:30 after a 13-hour business class flight from Dubai, I was looking forward to a shower. However, I was denied entry to the Emirates lounge, without any real explanation as to why. The gentleman at the counter was more interested in making me go away than helping me understand the situation, so, confused, I called Emirates "customer service." They bluntly informed me that if I wanted to use the lounge so badly, my travel agent should have booked the flight from Melbourne to Queenstown on Qantas. As it turns out, the leg from Melbourne to Queenstown that I had was on Emirates partner Jetstar. As Jetstar does not have a business class cabin, this one leg (out of 5 total legs) was economy. I should note that the entire itinerary was booked through Emirates, and part of my confusion stemmed from the fact that they all had Emirates flight numbers. But what I had here was an Emirates flight operated by Jetstar (and the same flight also had a Qantas flight number - one flight, three partners, three numbers). I should have gotten the Emirates flight operated by Qantas that was departing an hour later, as Qantas has a business class cabin, and it would have been the same cost anyway. If it's the same cost anyway, why not let me come in and take a shower? It's 1am and there is no one else here. Additionally, they do not care if the arriving flight is business, or if 4/5 legs are business, you are not special. No kindness, no attempts at understanding or helpfulness or smoothing over the situation. Just rudeness and criticism. A jarring and unpleasant surprise.
  Emirates cancelled my flight on 8-12-23 and changed to 9-12-23. I cannot accept and ask for a change to 7-12-23. They told me "there is no seats" on this day, you can cancel in full for free. I cancel and receive a penalty for the cancellation and I buy a new ticket on the supposed "no seats flight". Impossible to make a complaint online. 
  I was travelling to Tokyo Narita via Dubai. In 2022 I had the meal issues on return journey from NRT To DXB when they could only offer a meal with items I have bad allergies to, Then second meal Cabin Crew forgot to offer, wouldn't give any water on 12.5 hour flight. for the recent one I contacted Emirates Customer Service that I have allergies for fish, mushroom and wholemeal, Customer service rep said "bring your own food then and the crew will heat them up" I said it will be taken off me at security at Glasgow if not Dubai" he said no, the day came food was taken off me at Security at Glasgow. As backup they booked me a bland meal that wouldn't contain my allergies on DXB to NRT section (GLA-DXB meals were fine) which was Mushroom and second meal fish and mushroom. Which meant no food just a tiny bottle of water. I'm already worried about the return flights and worries were confirmed when once again meals offered with allergy items, Cabin crew I'll give credit concerned, very little food and water. Not just that my seat was broke, headphones broke and the so called ICE entertainment system wouldn't work, 12 hours nothing to do and crew couldn't move as they already moved others with similar problem, couldn't move myself. I recently got a response from Customer Service "out of their control" and one the flight cabin also said they would have refused the my own food and I wouldn't have gotten anything through Dubai for second flight. 2024 and 2025 holidays won't be with Emirates. Emirates are one of the worst customer service experiences.
 I was compelled to write a review for an airline because of the exceptional service I got from the whole team of the cabin crew. It was more of a great experience rather than a journey. Right from the entrance to the aircraft I was treated like a beloved family member who came to see the family after years by every staff member. Every single request was taken seriously and was addressed to the best of the availability. I felt that I was the only special passenger for them, they were super nice and highly empathetic in their body language. The air hostess assigned to my area was asking me every single time she passed by me with a great smile if all was good. When you enter the lounge you are greeted with super smiles, if you ask them something they come close to you holding shoulders to show attachment. They were all super devoted to their work, full of energy and trying to help everyone as much they can. I am a frequent flyer of Emirates, though the maintenance inside aircraft has compromised that fresh and modern look but their crew members compensated that by miles. My special thanks and 7 star to every single staff member in the busines class cabin.
  Check in and boarding was fast. Aircraft is 15 years old but clean and well maintained. Bathroom is clean and bvulgari was supplied. Cabin crew helpful, communicative and offer help, food, or drink. Departure on time and arrival early. I realized why Emirates is more expensive than others.
  Emirates is always a good choice. Comfortable seats with a large seat pitch and good entertainment program. The on-board catering is good and sufficient. Check-in was extremely quick and the flight was on time. Only the on-board staff seemed annoyed on all flights and, accordingly, the speed and type of service was somewhat disappointing. The ticket prices are high but for a good airline worse to pay.
  When is extra leg room, extra leg room. 11 of us travelled on Emirates from Bham to Dubai/Sydney 28 October 23 and returned 16 Nov back into Bham EK0039 flight. We paid for extra leg room seats 80J K H so that we could relax and have sleep on the long journeys ahead of us. On 3 of the trips the air stewards were respectful of our space, given we were next to where they served the food and drinks with their trolleys. They were all quiet during the long flights once drinks and food had been served so myself, husband and son could sleep. However, on the flight from Dubai to Bham this could not be a worse experience if Emirates tried. The team were inexperienced (bar one professional) one of them swearing so we could hear F"** word as the curtains were left open, explaining what she required in men. The food and drinks trolley was left next to my husband within an inch of his feet so they stepped over him each time, apologising for waking him up over the next 3 hours. A team of 6 stood in our area having a meeting. After 4 hours into the 8 hr flight, I politely asked if they could move the trolley so we were not disturbed and it was really disrespectful given we had paid extra for the seat. The deputy and mgr came to see us to apologise and talk to their team and moved the trolley. I showed the mgr a picture. The mgr took my phone and email details to formally respond, but 9 days later still no response. Very disappointing, given 11 of us travelled. The previous 3 flights were really good.
 This was a short but wonderful fifth freedom ride with Emirates. Despite the fairly short (just under 3 hours) flight Emirates was at the top of their game. Most of what I experienced has been documented many times but the personalized service I received was notable. A delicious meal was artfully served and no request was too much for the crew. A quick walk back to the lounge shared with business class was fun including light conversation with the bartender. Flight was on time and the mounted cameras were a fun way to watch the landing.
  BNE-DXB-MAN on 4th & 5th Oct (EK435/EK017) and MAN-DXB-BNE on 19th & 20th Oct (EK020/EK434). All 4 flights in A380s, 3 in seating zone F and 1 in zone B. Seats relatively comfortable and cabin service OK but struggled to find something interesting to watch on IFE on all 4 sectors - that's why I always travel with a book - although watching Newcastle Utd hammer PSG at St James' Park live was a bonus on BNE-DXB sector. Unfortunately there was no wifi or "live" TV coverage on DXB-BNE return sector for which the crew apologised before departing DXB. Relatively uneventful flights that arrived & departed pretty much on time other than a 1hr delay on take off from DXB on final leg - pushed back from gate on time but held on ground for an hour due to ATC "traffic". Emirates actually provide a good "one stop" service from the east coast of Australia to Europe but the 14hr legs to & from DXB can be a struggle. Overall 7/10 and I would use again.
  I've always loved the Emirates A380 as a comfortable plane to fly but the Business Class cabin is simply too big for the crew and galley capacity, This was a late night departure from LHR where many passengers skipped the meal in favour of sleep, yet for those of us wishing to dine, it took over three hours to complete the service. The crew were inattentive and disinterested, just bringing up a course and then disappearing until they brought the next. It was Economy service with only slightly better food. The smaller cabin in the 777 leg was better service but a much poorer cabin experience. Very difficult in the middle seats, to relax and watch a film when your screen is right next to your neighbour's.
  I couldn’t get a business saver so had to opt for more expensive business flex flight. I needed to book in August to use my airmiles. Lo and behold the saver tickets were released a week later making the price £600 cheaper. Emirates refuse to help, their excuse was all these people of 8 different flights had cancelled, therefore making the business saver available! It’s price rigging. Get everyone to buy the more expensive price, then sell the cheaper ones. They are a great airline until anything goes wrong. I can rebook the cheaper flight but it costs me £500 to cancel. Last time I will ever fly with them. 
   It was my first experience with Emirates which was quite unpleasant by handling from the cabin crews. The screen was broken then they changed you from row 18 to row 45. However, they won’t change to one row before which 17 because all they care is selling the seats instead of passenger’s convenience. Also during 50 mins of turbulence they only allow business class passengers use the toilet and the whole economic class passengers were not allowed. Only BC PAXs have the skill to protect themself during turbulence and EC PAXs can’t do it? I wrote a complaints and they responded that I have accepted the alternative seat but actually I went to original seat which the screen was broken (including call button). This was such a horrible experience and could be the worst during the flight. Not sure I would recommend it to my friends or family.
 Emirates is an excellent airline, Excellent planes, excellent service, however, they should know that they are servicing all kind of people. On my flight they served Indian food only, when asked why can't I get other kind of food, I was told the this route serves about 65 percent Indian customers, what about the other 35 percent, I asked, got no answer or simply, they can go to hell. My only suitcase didn't arrive With me at my final distinction, they forgot it in Dubai, this is not the Emirates that was 10 years ago, it shouldn't use the logo "fly better" it should now have another logo that say "Lose weight while flying Emirates" since you will not eat for 36 hours on your round trip
   First I was separated from my wife of 35 years and then despite my plea of a stiff shoulder I was given a window seat in all my 42 years of flying. Emirates seem to treat its tour group passengers as 2nd class passengers without any rights. My wife and I flew to Spain and Portugal from Singapore on a packaged tour with a travel group. On our return flights first from Madrid to Dubai on EK142 on 9 Oct 2023 and from Dubai to Singapore on EK 354 on 10 Oct 2023, my wife and I were placed on window seats on the opposite sides of the aircraft. When I enquired at the check in counter for an aisle seat for the 2 flights as I am a tall bloke with a stiff shoulder (which has been affecting me for the past 5 years), the staff gave me an aisle seat further back and my wife in a window seat 6 rows ahead. She said she tried but could not see the connecting flight seating plan from Dubai to Singapore and advised me to approach the boarding gate in Dubai for help. When we reached Dubai, the tour manager, my wife and I, another another couple who had been in opposite ends of the aircraft made a beeline for the connecting help desk close to B18 boarding gate. The guard refused to let us into the queue even though there was no one queuing and the 2 counter staff were helping a couple of the passengers at the counter. He told us to use the self-help kiosk computer even though we said we needed help with changing the seats. The computer did not do the latter and directed back to the counter. The guard was still reluctant and finally allowed my wife and I in the queue. However, our tour manager and the couple were kept outside the line even though they had legitimate business to speak to someone at the counter. There was a couple talking to a group of the staff outside the counter near the queue and the man was gesticulating wildly in a heated discussion with the staff. Eventually one of the staff involved in the 'conversation' told the guard to admit all of us and 'royally allowed' us to talk to him behind the counter. He told us in no uncertain terms that we were given our seats as 'non-paying' passengers and it was tough luck that we had to be separated. Our tour manager protested that the tour passenger list with familial/partnering connections was given to the airline beforehand but he said we were given a block of seats from rows 81 to 83 and he could not help in any way. My question to the airline is this: if the passenger list has been provided with the different familial/partnering groupings could it not be more accommodating and doing a slipshod job of seating willy nilly without regard for the families and couples travelling together. What happens if there are families with young children? Furthermore if the airline has given a block of seats (say rows 61 to 63 or 81 to 83 and not all window seats or not all middle seats) in advance why can't it have the good sense to pass them on the tour manager beforehand so the tour manager can help to allocate the seats according to the passengers' preference and needs? Even in times of profit squeeze when corporations try to extract every cent from its passengers, how much money can you make to justify discriminating and alienating your passengers just because the 25 of them are travelling as part of a package tour?
   I wish to express my dissatisfaction with my recent experience on Emirates Flight EK2185, scheduled for August 6th, 2023, from Dubai to Catania. The flight was canceled less than 24 hours in advance, which severely impacted my long-haul trip. This trip was booked through the Emirates website and was disrupted just hours before its departure due to the cited 'unforeseen circumstances,' namely a fire at Catania Airport, which had occurred three weeks prior. Being an aware passenger, I was cognizant of the previous flight cancellations to Catania and the airport's incapacity to handle extra-Schengen flights. Consequently, I had been diligently monitoring the situation, investing significant time and financial resources from a remote location in South Africa to stay updated and explore alternative travel options in case of an eventual cancellation. My distressing experience began when I found myself caught in a bureaucratic game of ping-pong between Emirates and Flydubai, the airline operating the flight. Both carriers appeared to evade responsibility and failed to offer me any practical alternative plans. The cancellation notification reached me while I was en route to the airport, necessitating an unscheduled stop in an area with phone reception to contact the Emirates call center, as per Flydubai's app recommendation. To my dismay, I spent over 30 minutes on the phone only to discover that Emirates was not presenting any viable options for reaching my final destination. Furthermore, their communication regarding alternative flights from Dubai to Italy was initially unclear—mentioning Rome or Milan—and later, limited to Naples, with no apparent connection to Catania. It was only after a protracted discussion that the call-center operator finally intervened, reconfiguring my entire reservation to a flight bound for Milan, just an hour before my scheduled check-in at Skukuza. This change, which was seemingly necessitated by Emirates' arcane policies, left me in Dubai without compensation for the additional time spent there. I was accommodated in a shared room with no meals, a circumstance that I managed to secure solely because my partner already had a reservation for a Dubai Connect service. Following the call-center operator's instructions, I had to personally book a new flight from Milan to Catania, incurring additional expenses. The overwhelming stress and uncertainty surrounding this ordeal marred a significant portion of my holiday experience. I requested that Emirates recognized the hardships I endured during this journey, including the extra costs incurred due to the days of delay and the missed medical appointment. However, they just said they could do nothing.
  Terrible service, very slow check in. Not trained stewards. I was told that for my toddler the seatbelt was not compulsory (I am not joking). Please choose another airline.
 I was checking in at Counter F1 at KLIA T1, served by your ground staff, Ms Farah around 8.35am to get on EK345 from KL to Dubai. She went ahead to check in my luggage bag and assigned me my seat, 38E. I was shocked and told her I've got a confirmation email that seat 32A was allocated to me (yes, I booked for it in advance using Trip.com). She said it's a 3rd party confirmation and I was supposed to online check in. Gosh... that was ridiculous! You mean an email confirmation is not a confirmation? Fine. I told her I do not mind an aisle seat instead but do not put me in the middle. She made a call and ended up telling me that it cannot be done. Emirates Emirates...you are a World Class Airline but the service you rendered to me on the ground says nothing of that. You ought to do better and shame on you for hiring such an incompetent employee.
 I had a poor experience on this flight. I have been using Emirates' services for over 20 years, being a Blue member and, then, a Silver member, up until the time of covid. I have had no reason to complain, previously about Emirates’ service. Sitting in seat 30F, I had ordered vegetarian food, and received a snack soon after take-off, along with a sealed cup of water. Subsequently, meals for other passengers were brought round and people were offered drinks, but I was offered nothing, and the steward moved on too quickly for me to request a drink. At the next opportunity, when a steward passed by, I requested a drink, but was advised to wait until lunch was served (a very poor response, I felt). I reiterated: I would like a drink as soon as possible (as I was thirsty). The person in seat 30G was asleep and I could not exit the seat with causing a disturbance. A drink was subsequently provided (but over 15 minutes later). However, the table in 30F is/was not secure and the drink slid off, spilled over me and the person in 30G next to me. The people sitting either side of me were more helpful than the steward in trying to clear up the mess. Later on, lunch did arrive, but it was 2 hours after I had first requested a drink (so, my request for a drink had been vindicated). When food trays were later collected, mine was overlooked, the steward passed me by, and my food tray was left for over half an hour. When a steward passed by, I asked that the tray be removed and could not understand why I was being treated in what seemed a negligent manner. At this point, I was beginning to become very fed up. A supervisor later came round and asked if I was alright. I was fine (albeit tired), but frustrated at having been ignored and overlooked. The supervisor was firm, but unapologetic, and asked me if I needed anything. I did not need anything, and she left me without further comment, her enquiry appearing pointless to me, as it solved nothing. Following this experience, I am unlikely to use Emirates again, which has left me thoroughly disillusioned with the company.
  On September 17, I took an Emirates flight with my family. The flight attendants were wonderful except for their aggressive cabin manager. There is absolutely no maturity. Leaving aside his lack of professionalism in leading his team. He was yelling at his team, and we heard him. That doesn't make for a pleasant workplace. 
  What a nightmare. Taken back to the stand and kept on the plane for 2 hours in sweltering heat with little refreshment and terrible communication from the pilot and staff on board about the fault and when it will be fixed. Absolutely pathetic customer service - it’s like torture on the plane. Stay away from this airline - they do not look after you when there is a problem.
 I made a single reservation with Emirates to fly from Milan to Botswana, via Dubai and Johannesburg. The two flights to and from Botswana were operated by other airlines. On my way to Botswana I made a transit in Dubai and a transit in Johannesburg. On my way back things went bad. We arrived at the airport in Botswana (Maun) and the flight we booked on the Emirates website, was not present. We asked and found out that it had been replaced by another flight, operated by a different airline, at a different time. We checked in for this new flight and found out that no transit was possible in Johannesburg. Therefore we had to go through immigration, retrieve our luggage, queue again for the check in, pass security and passport control to get on our next flight to Dubai. To me it's unbelievable that Emirates did not care to inform us about the flight change and the fact that we could not make a normal transit, like on the first part of our journey. It's a pity because the flight experience has been good, with very nice crew and operating on time.
  The return journey from HKG to BKK reaffirmed the low quality of the airline that I experienced on the outward journey. Added to that however, was the 50 minutes to queue in the Online Check-in, having arrived at the airport more than the recommended 3 hours before flight departure. This is presumably as a result of only 2 check-in counters open for Online check-in. 2 were available for those who had not checked in, and these seemed to move more quickly. Once through, and with enough time to grab a bite at the airport, the greeting on board was initially friendly, but then the surly attitude of any staff with whom I came into any brief contact, (one, who removed my light hand luggage with laptop, to accommodate a passenger at the Emergency Exit, who's steamer trunk "hand luggage" could not fit into the overhead luggage bin above his seat, (which Emirates call "hat rack"; if only). I had heard Emirates were the best on offer in this post pandemic era, but if that is the case, the standard must be extremely low. So low, a low-cost airline would make more sense. As I had eaten before departure, I was able to avoid the food service, and had brought a bottle of water with me, so I did not have to endure the chaotic and illogical F&B service, with its dire offerings.
 In order to mitigate the inordinately inflated prices of Business Class fares, I chose Economy for the first time. Not having much experience of this, I read reviews that Emirates were the best choice for this route BKK-HKG over the usual well established carrier for this route. The service was perfunctory at best. My expectations were low regarding most aspects of the flight, and I was not disappointed, but I had read that service was good quality with pleasant staff. I had zero example of this. Food was delivered haphazardly, and as I had not eaten by the time of take off at 14.05, I ate what was on offer. My low expectations were not disappointed. Anyway, my small experiment with Emirates and Economy are over.
  I'll avoid Emirates anytime I find another option, pity, after being frequent flyer for 10 years. Service quality fell off a cliff, proportionally inverse to their skyrocketed prices. Now, imagine imposing a 7KG limit for a trolley and a bag, on a 2k$ flight. It's beyond silly. A laptop and an empty trolley are basically it. It's insane especially considering that this is not a low cost airline, and they have massive profit margins.
  This was the second time I travelled by Emirates. The first one was not so fruitful either but the second trip was just ridiculously disappointing and bad. The flight attendants were rude. The service was extremely bad, seats were smelling of urine and the tv remote was broken. The toilets were filthy and disgusting. When I asked for some wine, one of the crew turns around and tells me "you will be lucky if I can get you some water"!
  I was very very disappointed by the service of the cabin crew. I flew to Mauritius on 21.7.23 with my family and flew back to Glasgow on 18. 08.23. Food service were very poor. The cabin crews took all their times to serve the foods. Some passengers are served first then after hours the rest of the passengers are served. They also served the beverages or the drinks late after the meals. Me and families never got a drink or any beverage at all. I phoned the crews so many times but they never attended us. When I complained to the crew she apologised and promised to bring us some drinks but she never appeared. On our way from Mauritius to dubai in flight EK 704 we got seats which were close to the toilet the floor was wet because of leak. Inform the crew and they took ages to bring a blanket to cover the floor. During the flights the cabin crews supposed to served drinks water or juice but they didn't. They look disinterested to provide a good service. They pulled the curtain so that you can't see them and they themselves eating and drinking. A lots have changed. I wonder where the drinks wines and whiskey are going which are supposed to serve to the passengers. Worst service. I already binned my boarding pass but I remembered seating in zone E 61E.
 I am writing to express my disappointment with Emirates Flight EK0243. Despite meticulously tagging our luggage, we were charged an additional $110 by Emirates for inter-baggage transfer. Regrettably, our baggage has been stranded in Dubai for five days. This situation has left us without essentials and with a complete lack of communication or assistance from Emirates. This experience has shaken our trust in the airline's service quality.
 It was a few years since I had flown Emirates but albeit in Economy, they provided I believed a better service than most other carriers. Well - in my view, lots has changed with Emirates in the last few years and I believe Quality has become Quantity unless possibly if you are flying Premium or Business. Despite being very polite, ground staff appeared disinterested in assisting for an upgrade both in Durban & Dubai and even their call centre. It was at least 2 hours into the first flight before we had either a drink or food and in 47B by then there was no more food choice. Compared to the other carrier I took south-bound to South Africa, screen on our Emirates B777 to Dubai was old and headphones on both flights uncomfortable. Transfer in Dubai required you are accustomed to your 10,000 steps a day. Sad but per two flights taken, it didn't appear reflective of all the publicity one sees. At least per my own experience on these two flights. Only the A380 was nice and quiet!
  Flew on Emirates after several years. Impressive economy cabin with very comfortable seats and a little extra leg room. The airline’s warm ambience is soothing. The cabin was very clean and well maintained. Boarding was well managed at the gate. The economy meal options were superb, extra snacks included with the meal were superb. Entertainment excellent with offerings in multiple languages. The staff were very professional.  Perhaps, the attendant serving my zone could have better assisted the passengers with stowing away the carry-ons instead of standing idle and passively greeting. Overall, very evident why Emirates fairs very well in the international flight scene.
  The trip over was fine. We brought carry-on luggage and had no issues. The plane is nice, the associates are friendly enough, and the food was good. The trip back with them has been awful. They forced us to check our luggage saying no more than 100mls of liquid allowed. We were fine with that but how do they have duty free liquor if they don't allow you to check more than 100 MLS of liquid?? Once in Dubai we went through 3 security checks. I have traveled many places before, including Egypt and Israel and I have never been though so many security checks. The one right before you board made me throw out the water I just bought at the airport. Again, thank god I didn't buy any liquor at duty free. I miss delta.
  I had a First Class Ticket booked with Emirates back in December 2019. I took the outbound flight but the inbound flight was canceled due to Covid-19. Emirates offered a voucher to change my flight for free. However the covid situation was taking too long, I wasn't planning to take any flight before the voucher expired. And then, I requested a refund in July 2023 and got emailed back from Emirates. They confirmed that the refund had been approved to Amex (my original payment card). I contacted Amex 10 working days later, and was told that Amex not received the refund. Amex had to fill a form to raise the case for investigation but they need details on "the refund amount". So I contacted Emirates to confirm whether they had refund the ticket or not, and how much was the amount refunded. Emirates representative advised that the other representative was chasing the refund and she refused to tell me any more details, nor give me information on the amount to be refund. I asked to be transfer to the relevant department. She agreed to do so and then hung up the call.
  Disappointment with the experience I had during my recent flights with Emirates.  I had a medical condition and needed water to take my medication. Despite politely requesting a glass of water, I was made to wait for an unusually long time before my request was attended to. Furthermore, both my flights to Delhi and back to Dubai experienced significant delays. The delay on my outbound flight caused inconvenience to my schedule and disrupted my plans upon arrival. Similarly, on my return flight, the extended delay left me feeling frustrated and exhausted. Upon my return to Dubai, the baggage retrieval process took an exorbitant amount of time. I waited for more than an hour to receive my baggage. The recent series of unfortunate incidents has left me disheartened and concerned about the overall quality of service provided. I sincerely hope that Emirates takes these matters seriously and addresses the issues promptly.
 Emirates was a great airline for frequent fliers but has gone downhill the past few years. Many of the perks of being a gold member are gone and in general the staff attitude and competency is very low in comparison. As of July 2023 Emirates gold members cannot use the business class check in which was one of the main advantages leaving DXB.
  I selected a flight operated by Emirates with a long layover. I was aware that Emirates offers a free layover hotel night if the layover is longer than 8 hours. So, I selected it and paid for it. I qualified for all the criteria including the fact that I booked via Qantas as per the Terms and Conditions stipulated in their website, see here: https://www.emirates.com/english/before-you-fly/dubai-international-airport/dubai-connect/terms-and-conditions/ As stated in the T&C: "Both your inbound and outbound flights to and from Dubai must be an Emirates flight (marketed by Qantas or Emirates) or a Qantas flight (marketed by Emirates or Qantas)." But now that I want to book the free hotel night, I got the feedback: "On reading the last line on the terms and conditions, you see the statement says "The ticket must be issued on an Emirates (176) document." This is the base of the reason for denying the service. How unfair and confusing is that for customers?  Super disappointed and I will not book with them in the future.
  The issues I encountered include a significant problem with their cancellation policy, lack of responsiveness from their customer service team, concerning safety practices, refusal to reimburse for damaged luggage, an extensive delay during the return flight, and a stark contrast in service quality between Economy and Business class. Regarding the cancellation policy, I received misleading information from three representatives, who assured me that I would receive a full refund if I canceled within 24 hours. However, they failed to mention the crucial condition that this only applied when the flight was at least 7 days after the initial booking. As a result, I tried to cancel within the 24-hour window but could only reschedule. This cost me a $500 loss vs. the option of cancelling and booking a new flight for the following day. Despite Emirates acknowledging in writing their mistake, they repeatedly refused to provide a price match or refund, and eventually even stopped replying to my follow up messages on the open complain. The lack of responsiveness from Emirates compounded my frustration. Numerous follow-up messages went unanswered, showing a lack of interest in resolving the issues I faced.  During the flight, I was alarmed by a safety practice where all blankets were collected and piled in front of the emergency exits.  Emirates also declined to reimburse me for one of two damaged pieces of luggage, despite the damage occurring during their handling.  Furthermore, the return flight experienced a significant delay for a missing document, resulting in passengers being seated on the plane for over two hours, including boarding time. Despite the delay being just a few minutes short of two hours, the lack of updates, assistance, and provisions such as free Wi-Fi or refreshments left passengers feeling inconvenienced and neglected. The service quality and care for Economy class travelers fall short of expectations. 
 First the good: flight not full so seat space was more than adequate and very comfortable. Entertainment was excellent as always on Emirates. Now the not so good: meal was barely passable and did not come with a drink which as a diabetic isn't good. Cabin crew were really surly and did not speak coherent English.
  What a difference a crew makes. Flight from Dubai was staffed by a really engaging crew for whom nothing was too much trouble. Seat was comfortable but you can tell this was one of the older A380 as part were looking a bit worse for wear. Food on this flight was among some of the best I have ever had. Lounge was busy but to be fair we sat close to the gate and didn’t venture in. Boarding was separate to economy however we still had to wait 10 min even though when we tried it was already 10 min past the boarding time. Got the two return legs to go, let’s see if the consistency improves.
  The on-board internet simply does not work. If you complain, the supplier for Emirates, 'Sita for Aircraft' simply refuse to acknowledge that they failed to provide a service and issue a refund. It appears from multiple reviews that this happens often. Emirates themselves, apart from the non-existent internet and poor third party after-sales experience were pretty good, ample leg room, friendly staff, good selection of movies but poor food choice - fish or vegetables only. The check-in was also poor. I followed the check in signs for economy seats at Dubai airport T3, waited for around 20-30 mins before being told to check in at desk 5 (flights to USA) - i wasn't flying to the USA, how am i supposed to know to follow that sign? Very poor understanding of the customer journey.
  I'm writing this review so others won't go through what went through. This airline has no accountability whatsoever. The day of my flight I was denied check in. The reason was that I had less than 6 month validity on my passport which was not required for my destination. The Emirates agent at the check-in booth told me he wouldn't let me on the flight and then offered my seat to a standby client. Because of this I missed my flight, I had to renew my passeport in less than 24h and lost 2 days stay at the hotel. I had to pay 300$+ ticket as penalty to board on the next flight not to mention the psychological distress I was put under (I have depression/anxiety disorder). I was travelling with a group and someone in my group has checked in with no problem with passport validity less than 6 months. When I contacted Emirates for refund they said the agent didn't declare the incident and put me as no show on the system although I was there in time with the group. I was told by Emirates that without the name of the agent they can do nothing about it. In short Emirates agents can freely deny you your flight manipulate the system and sell your seat to another person and you can do nothing about it.
 Very friendly check in staff, same goes for the lounge staff, however there was only one on the front desk, and was tied up selling with upgrades or lounge access which meant that we had a 10 min wait before we got access. Lounge itself was nice and had just been refurbished, how ever food selection was average with several things having run out and not replaced. Flight it’s self was good but due to midnight departure staff were just going through the motions. The beef tenderloin has to be the driest toughest piece of meat to have ever been served on an airplane. Overall I have had better experiences on other carriers. Emirates seems to suffer from hit and miss crew. Plane landed on time and for the price the service was not unreasonable. Still a bit poor that you don’t even get a limited amount of wifi in business class.
  Did a single booking for my family 3 months prior. Still they split the seats for a long haul 16 hour flight from Dubai to Los Angeles. Instead of giving four seat configuration. Never happened before. The folks at gate terminals very unsupportive and not even willing to listen to you. One word is what they say full flight. Would never ever fly back on this. Yes am skywards members as well, but that doesn't help you as well.
  I decided to fly Emirates again after having a very unfortunate first experience with them a few years ago. Well what I can tell now from 4 flights with them is that they are a hit or miss airline. Some crew members will be friendly and professional others on the same flight will be rude and careless. What others have mentioned on these reviews is true, they will run out of meals option easily and you will have to settle with leftovers if you are seated at the rear. I have noticed the aircrafts are becoming very overused, some had broken features and a funny smell. The food is very basic if compared to other premium airlines. I would say Emirates is still a viable option if the price is right and they offer a lot of connections, but they are not my first choice airlines if other middle eastern carriers are in the game.
 My family experienced very poor service with Emirates, the issue was with food services, on a 16 hour flight, we get no meal selection, just have to satisfy with leftovers, we were sitting in row 86, 1st time flight attendant says they only have vegetarian meals, ran out of non-vegetarian, the same thing happens at the second meal, also on second time no beverages were served, I had call a flight attendant for beverage service. Not enough time was given to eat our food. May be Emirates would ask customers on their meal preference and stock up accordingly, no beverage services offered at all during the entire flight, we would have to walk up to the service station and ask for water/juice. Hope to see improved services on future Emirates flights.
  This review is to appreciate the service given by Emirates flying cabin crew Ms Maria during my flight EK648 on 24-06-2023 from DXB to CMB. Her service was exceeding expectation and was supportive at every occasion. 
  I'm motivated to write this critical review after multiple phone-hours with customer service agents with Emirates in the hope that others would benefit (and that Emirates would listen!). We had booked a return flight from/to STL-COK via YYZ and DXB. The first flight from STL to YYZ was by its code share partner Air Canada. Unfortunately, just a couple weeks before our flight, Air Canada changed the flight time such that it was not possible to catch the flight from YYZ to DXB. We reached out to Emirates, our primary booking partner, to rebook and were provided a rerouting option through ORD (Chicago) for an additional $3300 for 3 tickets. Annoyed by this suggestion, we requested to fly Air Canada flight the day before, which was turned down because of unavailability of economy class tickets. Because of lack of viable options, we decided to drop the flight from STL-YYZ but retain the flights from YYZ-DXB and DXB-COK, with the idea of booking our own flights from STL-YYZ. We booked this flight for the day before, so we also had to book overnight stay in YYZ. When we filed a travel claim which needed a certificate of flight delay, Emirates asked me to reach out to Air Canada. Unfortunately, Air Canada had none of our names in their system and it was impossible to reach their customer service for further assistance. In summary, we have spent almost $2800 (flight tickets + overnight stay) for Air Canada/Emirates' incompetence and are unable to get a 'flight delayed' certificate to process our legitimate claim. Please beware when booking flights through Emirates because it takes absolutely NO responsibility for their code share partners' mistakes. All I received were platitudes such as, 'we understand', 'that is awful', etc. over the phone but with no real help to process our claim. Lesson learned and no more Emirates for us ever!
  Excellent service. I flew Dubai- B'Ham- Dubai in economy class. Emirates has common counters where you can check in your luggage. Initially, I was skeptical (particularly on the DXB-BHX route) but Emirates made no mistakes. This is quite convenient as you can check in quickly and go to the lounge. The flight departed on time, the crew had a smile and were quite professional. Food was sufficient in quantity and quite good with metal cutlery in economy class. There was another snack service followed by juices/hot drinks 1.5 hours before landing. The seating is quite good and has a seat [pitch of 32"). B777s in use by Emirates are getting old and you can see the signs. Their ICE system was excellent. I am not sure I would like the Business class seats here as they weren't lie-flat but I was flying economy. Families with kids were well taken care of with flight attendants distributing amenities and offering to take and share instant pictures using Polaroid cameras. The in-flight wifi was free for text messaging using WhatsApp, even in economy if you have Skywards membership. My only complaint during the trip is that the plane was parked far off and required considerable walking at Terminal 3 in Dubai to reach immigration (which was a breeze). Overall, it was a great experience but flights are quite expensive compared to the competition.
 What a disappointment. Emirates is lauded as having one of the best inflight experiences in the world. They obviously spend a lot of money marketing the experience as such. The problem with this is that expectations are high. The hard product is good, all be it a little tatty. Service and food quality is poor. Options are limited and there is no dining in demand. It’s the first time I’ve flown business and had my meal served on a tray. Never addressed or welcomed by name aside from when my boarding card was presented on entering the aircraft. Crew were polite when you got their attention, but most of the time they were avoiding eye contact when racing through the cabin. I had just come off a Virgin Atlantic upper class flight and while their upper class seats aren’t great, the service blows emirates out of the water. Fly better? Do better!!
  I didn't succeed to take this plane. I reserved two tickets 3 months ago and just 5 days before the flight, I found that the reservation was cancelled automatically because my bank refused the payment at the time of buying. So during these 3 months I didn't receive any email or message that notify me about this. The only email that I got it says " Reservation confirmed". I was really shocked when they told me that I can't find my reservation because it was already cancelled by the system automatically without any notification. After all, they kept blaming me why I didn't check my bank account every day. I have to pay extra 400 euros to book another flight in order to get home in time. Really sad, angry and helpless.
 Emirates is an airline that tries to maximize the amount of money that it can squeeze out of customers, whilst providing the minimum possible service. I find them far less flexible than other airlines, will apply every penalty they can regardless of circumstance, and will not let customers know of the complimentary services they provide so you end up paying extra. The counter staff are generally unhelpful and impatient, and the cabin crew are less professional and appear less trained than other airlines. Definitely would NOT recommend flying with Emirates to anyone. I will certainly never fly with them again.
  Every encounter with airline representatives was pleasant and professional. Thank you to Ahmed, who checked me in very early this morning (1:00 am, June 6th), and made sure I was happy with the seating. Also to Zeeshan, who helped me find my way to the lounge, with all its wonderful amenities.  Much gratitude to the female Captain, who flew us smoothly from Dubai to JFK and kept us all well informed about a few delays before takeoff. 
  Birmingham to Dubai, Boeing 777. Hideous aircraft. Noisy and really uncomfortable. However, very good service and delicious food. Emirates are excelling with their food, compared to last year. Dubai to Auckland A380 as good as you will get in economy. Plenty of space, and so quiet in this magnificent aircraft. Service a wee bit patchy. Had a few young, I would say, new staff. However they tried very hard, and everyone has to start somewhere.
  I had the worst experience of my lifetime flying with Emirates. It all started from Thiruvananthapuram where our travel began, food was just pathetic and the service is just awful. Let alone the seats are not even comfortable with hardly any legroom. Sitting on the seat for less than an hour and you feel your bones crushing on the frame of the seat. The flight attendants seem like overly busy even if they were to walk past you and you ask them for a glass of water. The next leg was the long haul. Both my wife and I were just exhausted with the service and the flight attendants wouldn't even get a band aid after I cut myself from hitting my feet on the fasteners of the seat.  We waited for almost an hr after boarding from Dubai to take off and I ended up cutting myself while being seated and I showed my feet to the flight attendant, and she didn't even care to get back to me until my wife had to address it 48 minutes later.  The seats are as poor as the first leg. How do you expect customers to sit in these seats for such long-haul flights. No legroom and the people in front when they recline the seat your stuck with the tray on your diaphragm. I seriously dreaded the flight and the attendants as well. There was a lot of overhead Cabin baggage space where she could open and look but instead just chose to stand where she was and asked me if she could move my bag. Then when another passenger had to get his bag up, she asks my wife if the bag was hers and it was the bag of the passenger behind us. She was like it's my bag and leave it there and then the flight attendant got back to us and asked my wife to move her bag and I said no. Why don't you move the other bag instead. She didn't even have the courtesy to look for other bins if it wasn't full. But just stood in her vicinity to put the bag in and get the job done. I don't understand why do these kind of staff even work. Going to TRV via Dubai the men flight attendants were just so rude that they act like they are doing you a favor by getting you a glass of water. They asked if there's anything else like it was a big, huge task for them to get a glass of water. Juice/water/fruits ??
  
Lisbon to Dubai in one of Emirates B777. The process at the airport was fairly efficient, considering that Lisbon airport can be very messy. The flight departed on time. Cabin is wide and very populated, but acceptably comfortable. The Inflight Entertainment is very good, the meals, although not as good as a few years ago, are still above the average for Economy class. The cabin crew is very nice and welcoming.
  Had the chance to travel in first class but this time with Emirates it was a complete different experience. The lounges, the suites, staff, food, shower on the A380, the limousine service, dedicated Lounge in Dubai, overpassed all my expectations. 
  I had the misfortune of booking a flight on Emirates for my daughter to fly as an unaccompanied minor. All flights were expensive so I used an app to find some cheaper flights and booked on line. I must mention that I checked with their terms and conditions to make sure I could call and change the flight to an unaccompanied minor. Firstly I never received the itinerary so I called Emirates to get this sent. Secondly I could barely understand the operator as he mumbled and had a strong accent. Once I had the itinerary I then told them I needed the unaccompanied minor added. Because I had booked flights operated by Emirates but run by Qantas, I needed to call Qantas to make the change. So I called Qantas, they had no record of the flights, then told me I need to change through the airline I booked. I called Emirates again and explained, they then said I assure you it needs to be done by Qantas. I went back and forth from airline to airline multiple times until Emirates then said there is no way I can change to unaccompanied minor and Qantas would not change it either, I finally had enough and asked to speak to someone who knew what they were doing. I spoke to a supervisor who was not rude or anything but stated I’d need to cancel the flight, take the hit and rebook via phone. I don’t think so, referring to their website that says booking electronically then adding a service is perfectly acceptable. So now I have return tickets in my daughters name that we can’t use. This is bordering on criminal if not unethical, Airlines are supposed to be helpful not members of the “Wit” family
  I have travelled a lot with Emirates but this time there was a very kind crew Gabriel Italian - Ukrainian with a very natural smiling radiating light. His attitude and love for his work was manifested in his kindness.
  Fantastic service from hostess Malek from Tunisia. Friendly and very efficient. Can see the passion for her job and love for Emirates. Lovely young lady with a great personality. Thank you.
  This must be the worst food I have ever tasted on an airline trip. Apart from the protein section of the main meal, the rest were inedible! The rolls were stale, rock hard so they were either old stock from previous meals or your caterer is taking advantage. Its carbs and carbs and carbs. Can you not include something fresh like fruit or fruit salad. Really bad Emirates, I was shocked! My earphones were also faulty, I informed the hostess and she said she will tend to it in a while but she never did.
  I strongly recommend flying with a different airline if you have an infant. Emirates are not what they used to be and their customer care is horrific. I booked a bassinet for my baby which means booking a middle seat. I booked 3 months in advance so I had the pick of any seat, yet I checked the requirements for a bassinet and was confident I would be allowed one. Obviously for my baby to have a bassinet was more important than me having a comfortable seat so the sacrifice was made and I chose a seat with a bassinet. Upon boarding I was told my baby was too big for a bassinet. I told them she meets the height and weight requirements but they insisted she was too big. They told me if a baby is capable of reaching the bottom of the bassinet they could push out the press studs and collapse the bassinet, implying that only babies who don’t move in their sleep are able to use a bassinet. This left me in complete distress knowing I had 15 hours ahead of me with my infant on my knee on a front row middle seat. I was in a fit of tears and the flight attendant said sorry there’s nothing I can do. Our flight was at 9pm so I had already been awake all day and had no sleep the whole flight. I couldn’t eat because the fold out tray from the chair arm wouldn’t fit in front of me and my baby and the one time she was asleep my meal had two hairs in it. I was so upset I just gave them my tray back (to which they huffed at me for having to take it when they weren’t ready) and didn’t eat for the journey. I then had a 3 hour wait in Dubai before another 7 hour flight. I asked if I could change this seat and they said no the flights was full which caused me to have a panic attack and almost faint after no food or sleep for a very long time. No one attended to me except one passenger and we had to get on the plane and sit in a middle seat for another 7 hours with no sleep. There was a nice attendant on the second flight who allowed me to stand up and eat a danish while my baby slept on my chair. Honestly if I could cancel my return flight and book with another airline I would. I will never ever fly with emirates again.
 Unfortunately, my experience on Emirates airlines in economy class from Dubai to Paris CDG fell short of expectations. While I recognize economy class may not offer the same amenities as higher classes, I found the level of service and food to be subpar. Additionally, at Dubai airport, I was required to use an e-boarding pass, only to be informed upon arrival that a paper boarding pass was necessary, causing inconvenience. Furthermore, the air hostesses I encountered displayed a lack of professionalism and at times, seemed uninformed. Regrettably, based on this experience, I am uncertain if I would choose to fly with Emirates again.
  I usually don't write reviews but it was a terrible, expensive travel experience and unfortunately my return is already booked with them. There was numerous issues. Food was terrible. Menu was badly selected like there was no balance nor properly matched dishes. It didn't taste good either. Snacks were bad too. In both my flights, from London to Dubai and Dubai to Phuket I had same issues with the seat. First seats are low quality shakes wiggles a lot and offers low comfort. Only good thing was leg space. In both flights infotainment system was broken. Cabin crew tried numerous resets which took 30mins each. On the 4th reset both times it worked but then suddenly while watching it stopped working again. They didn't even offer another seat and there was available options. This is crazy! Absolutely worse service and customer support ever. They have no vegetarian option. They only had Indian vegetarian option which is completely different and tailored for Indian cuisine. I would expect them to just change the main dish on the regular meal right but no! They brought vegetarian meal long before everyone else but didn't offer a drink. Cabin crew is always busy at the back and hard to get anything. They didn't offer socks, travel package. Just blanket and small pillow. I did fly with etihad, Quatar airways and Turkish airlines. Emirates was the worst. Turkish airlines offers the best food and customer service. I will never fly with Emirates. Lead cabin crew had no English and wifi is not free as they advertise. 
  Due to winter storm in Chicago, they cancelled flight from Kochi to Dubai and Dubai to Chicago. The winter storm issue was with the second flight. But they cancelled first flight because they don't want us to stay in Dubai because it will cost them accommodations and food. They took  Americans because they have to and canceled our boarding pass after reaching gate and gave back our checked luggage. There were few passengers who had same problem because they told us to stay in our homes and didn't even have new flight to travel the following day. After endless number of calls, we got refund and booked Qatar airways with the same amount but as we booked the previous day,the ticket charge costed 1 lakh something more. But we paid because as it was urgent travelling for us. From that moment onwards we decided not to travel with Emirates. Will never forget the incident and crew was worst.
  I recently flew with Emirates from Sydney to Prague, via Dubai. The flights between Sydney and Dubai were in the new Premium Economy Class, sadly not yet available between Dubai and Prague. The economy class legs of the journey were satisfactory given they were only 6 hours in duration. However the Premium Economy flights were definitely a significant improvement, and in my opinion well worth the extra expense. Bright cabin with wide comfortable seats, excellent service, improved food quality and presentation and the bathrooms in a different league from the economy class product. In every way using Premium Economy class greatly improved my travel experience and turned the long journey into something enjoyable, rather than an endurance test. My hope is that this product can be rolled out to more routes in the near future. Highly recommend for those like myself who dread the long journey from Australia to Europe.
  My wife travelled on 6th may to Cochin to Auckland via Dubai. In checkin counter, they weighed even laptop bag also and she faced to pay around 27500INR for extra weight and spent around more than 2 hours in the checkin counter. Even if its as per the guidelines of airline this is the first experience we faced such a value less service. We travelled several air lines including low budget, they will not add the laptop in luggage weight due to their dignity. We saw number of persons facing the same. We didn't expected this type squeeze of money from Emirates
 Emirates has been the worst airline to deal with in terms of customer service. My mother travelled from Mumbai to Houston with a bag below maximum weight. In spite of that, the bag came with a wheel torn off. When we reported at the airline service desk, they took pictures and assured us that it would be processed very quickly. This was on March 25th. As of May 3rd, nothing! We called the call centers, multiple numbers, got handed around from one department to another who finally said, keep emailing as no one at the call center or baggage services number can help. Spoke to a supervisor from baggage services and all she could say was, please send the email to claims. I cannot help! Why is it called baggage services then!! My mom flies back in a few days and we are being forced to buy a new bag for her while waiting for Emirates to respond to a simple damaged bag claim! Such a hassle if anything goes wrong.
  Very disappointed when I approached the stewardess, (who was talking and laughing with a colleague) and asked for a red wine. She responded by saying, ‘it will be easier if you just go and ask at the kitchen at the back! Not the service you expect from Emirates.
  Flight crew prevented passengers from using the restroom 1 hr prior to landing. Very uncomfortable situation when there was no warning whatsoever. The seats are old and the monitors wobble when in flight. The food was bad and the other passengers didn't finish their meals. Never flying with them again
  The quality is super too low. We lost one piece of an airpod at an Emirates EK354 bound to Singapore at 3.30AM local time. once everyone get off the plane, we inform the cabin crew that we lost which means that we seek their assistance to help find it. One cabin crew told “oh it would be so hard to find” without helping us at all, just standing and staring. One flight manager help us instead to open the seat cover and finally we found it. Emirates is overrated for everything. Food taste was so bland, quality of the meat is very mediocre. Cabin crew issuper unfriendly. Seat is not comfortable we cant even sleep properly despite its an A380 (compared to Qantas and SQ).
  On 22 February, I was travelling in Business Class with my mother who was in a wheelchair on EK75. Check-in was smooth and hassle-free. Then, they took us to a dedicated Lounge for Special Handling which was a miserable and gloomy empty boarding lounge. As there was a Costa outlet, we wanted to have a coffee. The outlet was unstaffed and when we asked the dnata staff, she said that the outlet was closed and will remain closed. We were then taken to the boarding lounge. The boarding was done by self-boarding machines gantries. It took 30 seconds per passenger to scan the boarding pass prior to entering the lounge. The lounge was overcrowded. We waited for 50 minutes inside the boarding lounge without any announcement, nor anything on the screen. No information, no explanation for the delay. The ground handling was worse than a low-cost or a charter flight. a disgrace!
  A really good flight today on a long 16 hours and 40 minute flight, from AKL to DBX.  Very friendly, attentive crew. Got a good 6+ hours sleep. This was a new plane and everything was spotless and new looking. Toilet was clean. Food tasty and plenty of it with lots of drink and snack runs in between. Plenty of legroom, me being 1.8 metres tall. Entertainment is vast. If there is one criticism, it’s that the seats are quite hard for the length of the flight. A bit more padding would be welcome. All in all a very good flight.
  Check-in was easy at ICN but with a disappointing lounge situation, Emirates does not own a lounge at ICN. Inflight service was generally great although business class was quite full. Connection in Dubai was also not problematic; security for connecting passengers was fast-flowing and shopping and restaurants were open. Second flight was on a B777-300 but similar levels of comfort and service was  for business class. The business class seats could be a bit narrow for some people (including myself), the in-flight service could experience delays as too many business class passengers are waiting to be served, the transit lounge at Dubai tend to be overcrowded and the in-flight Internet offering is far from satisfactory. In my case, the in-flight Internet could be purchased at $19,99 for a 10-hour flight (excluding take-off and landing the Internet would only be provided for ~8 hours at most) and streaming would still be blocked.
  A great airline with nice equipment and infrastructure, but its service (especially the ethnic flight attendants assigned to the airline's Korea service) could show some improvement. Slow service with some of the requests not honored as submitted (e.g., red wine given although white was requested), and felt like the flight attendants were not showing high levels of hospitality, on par with Emirates' reputation. Apart from this, great food and beverages selection and nice IFE system. Maybe the in-flight Internet could be revamped (price would be $19.99 for an 8-hour flight but would still block most high-bandwidth uses including streaming).
  Mauritius to Dubai. Check-in was easy and also enjoyed priority immigration and security. Emirates uses the Air Mauritius lounge, and the lounge offered better than expected services. Inflight the flight attendants seemed to treat passengers with genuine hospitality: for the first time, felt that the bar at the back of business class cabin was a good place to relax. The food was great and good wine selections. The business class seats could be a bit narrow for some people (including myself), and the in-flight Internet offering is far from satisfactory. In-flight Internet could be purchased at $16.99 for a 6-hour flight (excluding take-off and landing the Internet would only be provided for ~4 hours at most) and streaming would still be blocked.
  What a terrible first time flight with this airline in old 2x3x2 seating in business class on both flights and flight attendants on the first running around very unorganised and bad food which was inedible. The whole meal is served on a tray. On the Mumbai to Johannesburg after take off crew passed out mattress tops and turned of lights and there was no service as their menu mentioned. Breakfast was served very quickly before landing. This Airline needs to learn about service of Singapore airlines and we would not fly with them again.
  Beware booking an Emirates codeshare. I am a current silver member and have booked a flight to Tashkent (Uzbekistan) from Cairo. As Emirates doesn't service Tashkent I was booked on a Fly Dubai (code share) instead. Little did I realise that this (slight) change meant that I do not qualify for lounge access. I, after a few misrepresntations and confusing messages, was advised that I needed to be a gold member to qualify. A transit time of over five hours didn't make that experience very pleasant. This little known fact was never mentioned anywhere during my online booking process. So, beware booking a code share with Emirates, there are strings attached.
  Arriving at Sydney to fly back to the UK with Emirates we joined the ‘Premier Economy Online Checked-in’ queue expecting to quickly go to bag drop and then on to security but instead we soon found that this queue was three times longer than any others. Business/First class was short and the queue for those who’d not checked in at all was barely longer - only the checked-in passengers appeared to be stuck in a 45 minute queue. I tried to ask a member of the check-in staff if we were in the right queue and she just curtly told me yes, I was, without even asking or understanding our passenger class, so basically just a blatant lie to my face. We haven’t actually reached the aircraft yet but already know that we won’t be travelling with Emirates again any time soon.
  Due to my physical condition, I fly in Business and always request wheelchair assistance. Emirates treatment and service on my Delhi/Barcelona flight (April 3rd) has been horrible. On the first flight EK 513 from Delhi to Dubai, I notified my situation and asked to the crew that, since the connection time to my flight to Barcelona was 1 hour 55 minutes, they would check that I was picked up from the plane quickly. The cabin staff told me "don't worry". Upon arrival they told me that I had to wait because there was no finger but stairs. After a while and seeing how nervous I was getting, a first class attendant approached me and told me that she would take my luggage and help me down the stairs because if I didn't take the bus on the runway, I wouldn't make it to the flight to Barcelona. On the bus there was a person in an Emirates uniform who I asked if she could help me when I got to the terminal to locate a wheelchair because he had very short connection time, he refused! Upon arrival at the terminal there were no wheelchairs, I made it with difficulty to the wheelchair request point and, from there they had me getting on and off several buggies and, luckily, the driver of the last buggy helped me with the luggage to Arrive at the plane after the closing time of the flight. How is it possible that Emirates have not foreseen all this when, the user, requests this help service at the time of purchasing the ticket, therefore, sufficiently in advance? How did they not notify the terminal from the plane that I was arriving with special needs so that someone with a wheelchair or buggy? It is a shame.
 
I remember that we were very satisfied with this airline until a few years ago. But now it has been 3 times that we are very dissatisfied with the quality of food and the number of times served on a long flight! Why should we feel hungry on such a long flight and when we asked for food, they only give a small packet of crackers and we have to wait for several hours until it is time to serve their disgusting food? It was not like that before, that's why we surprised!
  I was pleasantly surprised by level of service and experience on this flight. Everything went smooth, food was very tasty, great choices of dishes and beverages. Overall, staff was very helpful always trying to accommodate the customer needs
  My son had vomited on a flight where my partner had left his seat to request assistance. He had gone to the adjoining cabin where he was ignored. My partner then spoke with an attendant, who started serving drinks/ meal in our cabin, who came to assess the situation and then continued to serve drinks and ignore us. From my seat, I had tried to call out to another FA, who also was serving drinks/ meals in our cabin, however did not acknowledge us. I raised my voice to attract attention to no avail. Another attendant who walked past, I had shouted for assistance, who stopped and provided help. Both the other FAs on separate occasions when approaching to serve us, had apologised and began to excuse their busy schedule but was unable to advise why they did not call for additional assistance. I spoke to a senior attendant, who apologised and advised the approach taken is not protocol and should not have happened.
  So we paid £4K for 4 tickets to be upgraded to business class, the family wanted to try it out so I thought let’s do it. We checked in at the business class dedicated desk and were advised by the Emirates staff to proceed to gate 7 where we will find the lounge. Hand tickets over and told you don’t have access, no explanation just handed back by some power enjoying jobs worth with no options offered. I was stunned. Checked Emirates website and it clearly states our class of travel has lounge access. This is very frustrating and an underhanded approach from Emirates. Turns out this is correct, but why on earth don’t you train staff to explain this or clearly print on the ticket / emailed ticket / purchase confirmation. This must cause so many issues at the airport for people. You buy business class tickets you always get the lounge - so I thought. A very poor decision on Emirates behalf if you ask me. What a disappointment.
  Coming from Orlando on a very long flight, the plan departed 2h late and landed late, which caused missing our connection. I have travelled with 2 kids so coming from a 12h long flight and being greeted with a voucher for few meals preselected by airlines (like an apple and tomato sandwich, banana and noodle soup…things that are super unpleasant for kids to start with) super cheap offering and I have to get stuck for almost 5h on the airport with two extremely tired kids with no comfort and proper food due to airline mistake. When I asked the customer support desk to arrange for us at least a lounge or upgrade (min expected from them ), he was so rude and said this is “the best” he will offer and turned his back. So I was extremely disappointed to experience such a treatment from such an airline, they don’t take responsibility to what is their mistake and my feedback is not bothering them at all. The real Emirates service is not the one they advertise to hook you up!
  My experience onboard Emirates was a good one. The IFE was great, food was good and so was the cabin service. The airline though sent a 777 with the old cabin from Bengaluru to Dubai, which was not so bad, but made me a bit disappointed. The next flight from Dubai to Washington DC also was served by a Boeing 777, but with the latest cabin with a new, big, modern IFE screen and a brighter cabin, which made a difference for the better. Apart from the old cabin, I found the legroom to be quite a bit lesser than what I initially thought. Perhaps I should try the Airbus A380 if I am to get a better experience. But the 777s were also equally nice, at least in Economy. Since I was flying during Covid time, I was also a tad bit disappointed over no hot towels and menu cards in Economy. Overall, I would definitely recommend this airline.
  I had an exceptional flight, the staff were considerate and polite. Cabin staff Aaliyah was kind and generous and showed thoughtfulness. I will definitely continue to travel with Emirates again
  I purchased 3 round trip tickets for my family members back in November 2022 to fly in March 2023 for approximately $2300, while I was booking I didn’t notice that tickets are non-refundable. With in a first hour after booking I decided to cancel tickets, I called the Emirates customer service and explained the situation I asked if it’s possible to cancel, they said “sure you can” , will refund you the money with in 21 business days. They canceled my tickets and never did the refund. I called they many times after asked for the money they said my tickets not refundable. They should not have cancel them then, they gave me wrong information. Would not recommend to deal with company like that.
  Check in at Manchester airport was fine, take off time was delayed by 40 minutes as it arrived 20 minutes late. The service has gone downhill since i last flown with them. There was no drinks services or menu cards, it was not a full flight so had the whole row of seats to myself which i utilised as a bed. The A380-800 is a great plane to fly, plenty of seat and leg room and alo very quiet. The 2nd journey was completely different, the Boeing 777-300er was old, very narrow with limited leg room, the engines were loud,t he comment ‘cattle class‘ comes to mind, there was a vietnamese couple sat next to me, the crew thought i was with them and handed me the same meal & drinks as them, luckily i wanted the same meal as them, she then realised that we were not together when i spoke and asked for a different drink. The crew seemed to lack interest. I would fly with them again but only because of their competitive price
  I would not have bought the Emirates tickets if I knew I was flying with Qantas. Poor seats and inflight entertainment sucks (Headset point is broken). 4hrs of boredom and food is below average. Airline staff cannot figure out fix the problem or have my seats changed. Waste of money! 800NZD for round ticket AKL to MEL. Done with Emirates and Qantas (I didn't even choose Qantas). Will stick with my fav airlines Qatar and AirNZ!
  Worst traveling experience in last 20 years of business and leisure traveling. They tried to force me to give my hand carry bag to luggage. To do so, they wasted my time, asked me to stand on the side and made me go and talk to lot of different people. They argue that I can not have hand carry bag and laptop bag separately. To make the situation worst another ground staff at the time of entering plane stopped me and pressurized me to board the plane with just laptop bag (which anyway going to be in my legroom).  On many occasions, I paid extra and chose Emirates for the service and comfort which seems to be a thing of a past. From now on I will never choose Emirates if I have an option.
  This was a nightmare and the most horrible airline I’ve ever taken in my life. Unfriendly staff. Customer care is zero. Whatever I asked for wasn’t done. I needed my seat switched so the crew told me to go look for a seat. Passengers were pretty annoyed of me asking around when she should’ve done that herself to avoid this. Asked for couple things it’s either not available like (tissues) or a mask? Food is terrible. Flight was late so now I will be missing my connection.
  On the Emirates return flight from Kolkata there was no option to pay for extra baggage during online check in even though the Emirates website mentions that passengers should be paying for extra baggage during check in to save money. The option to do so was greyed out and unavailable. I ended up paying the equivalent to $270.00 CAD for 1 extra luggage at the Emirates counter at the airport during baggage drop off. I called Emirates to complain and the customer service said it’s because it is a connecting flight from Kolkata and that option is not available. It shouldn't matter because i paid only $100 CAD during the Air Canada check in to Dubai for a stop over on the way to Kolkata. On top of that Emirates didn't update me by email or text messages after online check in. I think Emirates has really bad customer service and I will never fly with this airline again.
  Ground staff are very unfriendly and not helpful, making my trip unpleasant to start up with. The waiting line is also quite unorganized with no supporting staffs maintaining order. Nonetheless, I was able to check in my luggages and headed to the boarding gate with no big problems. Seating comfort on the economy class in B777 and food quality are above average. The entertainment screen works fine. No delays on departure. I may not want to fly Emirates in the future.
  Overrated airline. This was my first flight with Emirates after having heard so much hype about it for many years now. Previously I have flown with Qatar airways on the same route. Cons: Terrible seating, very cramped and narrow, not enough space to even move feet. Very little quantity of food - hardly 2-3 spoons of 3 items each, plus bun and butter. Water/drinks served only twice in 6.5 hour flight. No response despite pressing button for assistance. In-flight entertainment sucks. My seat's screen had touchscreen that did not work. Overpriced tickets. Too much walking in Dubai, no buggy service. 
  In December 2022 I travelled from Sydney to Dubai with Emirates First Class. I was contacted by the Emirates car transfer company prior to collection and informed them the number of passengers and luggage, but the car that arrived was too small and the driver was rude and unhelpful. Check-in was ok, but was not given an express pass and was directed to the business lounge not first class as available for gold members. At boarding time most of the other passengers from economy were boarded before the priority boarding due to lack of staff at the gates. After boarding I asked for my meal after take off but after 1.5 hours nothing had arrived I had to call twice before someone came to me, it took nearly another 20 min before I got my meal, As my teenage children were flying in Premier economy, I checked on them but on both occasions was rudely told to return to seat my by the same cabin crew member and on the second occasion was questioned about my seat, this was totally embarrassing. After landing in Dubai I was not able to enter the first-class lounge unless I paid $420.00 for my son for 20 min, my sons airmiles were missing at the end of the trip. I complained to Emirates about the service and after 8 weeks was told the transfer company was a third party, boarding was a strict policy, that it was my fault not to help myself to some sandwiches, policy on lounge entry, and that my son was not an air miles member (he is), No apology or mention of the cabin crew behaviour, after responding to their response I basically told by them basically Emirates did not care about my business (over $250k) per year. Totally not worth the money or air miles.
  I was quite disappointed given how much I paid for the ticket. I had a business trip in Hong Kong and I returned from Hong Kong to Bangkok. The airport was huge but the Emirates ground service was very poor. There was some issues at the check in counter causing me to wait at least half hour for my turn to check in luggage. The seats at the economy class is good, on par with other airlines. The cabin crews are nice and helpful and it seems the cabin crew are all coming from different countries but I don't any Emirati or Middle Eastern cabin crew. I wish there are more Asian food options (I'm Thai) on food instead of Middle Eastern/Arabic food. The inflight entertainment was okay, nothing surprising. With the whole flight experience, I think it is not value for money. Will take other airlines next time instead.
  Absolutely atrocious service of the ground staff and call center staff. I was denied boarding by their check-in staff, because I had some minor marks on my passport. The staff kept listing out the 'rules' and 'terms and conditions', and even when I asked for some solutions it was back to the rules; literally no insights When I asked about re-booking it's 'we can't help, you need to contact your travel agent'. The staff showed no compassion and provided no useful advice. I had a return flight; my outgoing flight was from London to India, then my return flight was Bahrain to London. They listed me as a 'no-show' on their 'system' - which means they also canceled my Bahrain - London flight, which I can easily make (I will get a new passport in 2 days' time) and then fly to India to continue my trip as planned (minus a few days). To get on that flight from Bahrain to London I have to pay a 200GBP 'change fee' and the difference in fare - for a flight that I have already paid for, and that I would have made. 
  This is, by far, the best flight I have ever been on! I would give this way more than 10/10 if I could! Food: Meals, drinks, and snacks were absolutely delicious, especially the pizza, turkey sandwich, and more! Seating: We were in the aisle row (no windows, but it was still cool, because I had tons of legroom.) I loved how the seat and headrest reclined and how the tray was so big. Staff: Don't get me started! They were amazing. They attended to all our needs. Hot water? They got you. Lost headphones? They got you. Never seen a nicer staff. Entertainment: Did not exactly broaden to all my interests, but headphones were fully immersive. Amnesties: Oh my god, there's so many! Reclining seat. Bathroom lotion. Goodies bag with toothbrushing tools. The list is endless!
  This was the worst flight I have ever had. Poor customer service from start to end. I flew with Emirates from Gatwick to Dubai with my partner and 5 children. My 4 year old son is Autistic. Their level of service on board is awful, food was below standards. I kept on pressing the assistant bell and no one came over to assist me. I was only served drinks twice on a 7 hour flight. Toilets on board were disgusting. Seats are uncomfortable. I was expecting more from Emirates especially when travelling with a child with a disability. You have better service on British Airways and they are not even that great.
  After arriving at Chicago I had to wait for 4-5 hours for my baggage and missed my Amtrak train ticket even after 4 hours gap. They were sending baggage in groups few people got it in an hour and few of us got were standing for 5 hours.
 I would like to say thank you to the cabin crew on flight EK 213 from Dubai-Miami on 01/29/23 for their professional management of a violent person inside the aircraft, despite the delay it brought as a consequence of this unacceptable behavior they followed the protocol for this kind of situation.
  After being a Skywards member for many years, this time I requested wheelchair assistance. I flew Bangkok to Cape Town and returned from Johannesburg to Bangkok. I was expecting the wheelchair transfers in Dubai to be the usual high standard. Instead of a wheelchair waiting for me as the aircraft opened its doors in Dubai, I was told to walk along the sky bridge and to find a desk that would then provide a wheelchair. I did this and found a group of men who were obviously employed to provide wheelchair assistance standing around talking to each other and did not seem to have any list of passengers who required this assistance. I was told there were not enough wheelchairs and told to walk to another area where there was no seating and I had to stand until an assistant arrived with a wheelchair. I sat in this while we went from one building to another and in the airport train. I was unceremoniously dumped at the seating area at the gate and a very long walk down a corridor and onto the skybridge awaited me. The woman sitting next to me kindly asked it I would like to lean on her arm as we traversed this onto the aircraft. I don't know what would have happened if I had been unable to walk at all. The return trip from Johannesburg to Bangkok was even worse. When we landed in Dubai there were no wheelchairs and I was asked to walk a long distance and up an escalator to an area of seating and told to wait for a golf cart. This did not appear. I was sitting next to a woman whose mobility was even worse than mine and she was in a great deal of pain. We were then told we had to walk to some other area, so the woman and I shuffled off leaning on each other vowing never to fly with Emirates again. This time we were told to wait in an area with no seats at all for a golf cart. I noticed a folded wheelchair up against a wall so I unfolded it and put my companion in it. She was most grateful. No assistance at all from the employees whose job it was to provide assistance. Eventually a golf cart came and I got in. Then there were discussions amongst the so-called assistants, and I was told to get out and wait for a different golf cart. I was the only one in this golf cart and was dumped at the correct gate where I had to walk down the sky bridge to the plane. As I get older I will increasingly need to require wheelchair assistance when I travel alone. But the appalling way I and others were treated at Dubai Airport will certainly influence me when I choose which airline to fly in the future. I go to Africa regularly. Next time I will choose Ethiopian Airlines. If you need wheelchair assistance at Dubai Airport, do not fly with Emirates.
 Had a very good experience with Emirates. Crew was very enthusiastic and attentive and the food delicious- how often do you eat everything served on a flight? Mediocre service on the ground though, a 20 min bus ride from the plane in DXB, long wait for baggage in CPH and no bag tag available at self service in DXB. Would still highly recommend EK.
  I landed in Dubai on the 27th Jan in transit to Perth, with a 19hrs layover. When I inquired about accommodation I was told by Emirates staff that they could not help because I did not book it in advance. At no point during the booking I was notified I needed to request accommodation in advance. I had to spend 19 hours at the airport because I did not have any cash to book a hotel at my expense. Will definitely think twice before flying Emirates again.
 The airline was very good. The boarding experience was good. The flight was on time. There was a blanket, a pillow and a headrest on the seat. The seat was comfortable and cabin crew was  helpful and polite. The service was also very good, and the food tasted amazing. The in flight entertainment is the best  and you will never get bored. Overall I think this is a very good airline and definitely worth flying with. I will fly Emirates again.
  We traveled with a group of 5, going to Karachi via Dubai was great as we were able to pay to upgrade to business class. On the return flight we were not able to pay for the upgrade option as there was no availability. From the check in counter at the Karachi airport to the transfer of the wheel chair passenger (with me) to the flight back to Houston the experience was horrible. The person working at the emirates counter in Karachi asking for a indirect bribe to the incompetent staff at the Dubai airport making us wait like a hour for wheel chair staff to transport us to the lounge as we waited for the connecting flight. When I asked to make sure we the wheel chair passengers are taken to the plaza lounge he asked how I had access I stated through Amex Business platinum. It was non of his business as an Emirates employee to ask to see my card for a lounge. The service on the plane was horrible. Full of very overworked and tired flight staff that looked worn out and unhappy. Not sure I will fly with Emirates after this.
  Emirates used to be a good airline once upon a time. The airline quality, attitude of staff and service is absolutely horrible. The boarding process and the attitude of staff during boarding is very arrogant. They have no concept of service. The aircraft is clean but not as clean as it used to be. I saw stained seats.  The cabin crew are very young and inexperienced. When the aircraft had barely touched down and passengers were off their seats and the cabin crew did nothing. The approx wait time for bag arrival is about one hour.
 I am astonished to read the number of negative reviews this airline receives. I have completed a round trip from South Africa to Thailand and Malaysia on Emirates, and have nothing but praise for their stellar product. Flight from Cape Town to Dubai was on a 777, which admittedly is beginning to show signs of age, but that did not stop the staff from giving excellent service. The other three flights were all on an A380, which was comfortable and made extremely pleasant by very friendly and helpful staff. All flights were on time, and served delicious food and drink to boot. In addition, the Business Class product offers extras such as lounge access and (in my opinion the best of all) chauffeur service, which works like clockwork. Maybe its the luck of the draw, but I personally think Emirates is tops.
  We were scheduled to depart at 10.30pm I was travelling with my 10 year old son. We moved away from the gate and was told there was a technical issue so we had to return. Over an hour later we were told it was resolved and we left the gate again. As we were taxiing the pilot came on and said that Narita Airport had decided to conduct runway maintenance so we had to return to the gate again. This was the first problem - this was a lie. Narita Airport does not allow any aircraft to take off after midnight, this is why we could not take off and there is no way that Emirates did not know this. We returned to the gate and waited for an hour with no information. Then they said they would serve dinner - this is at 1am! I had no desire to eat dinner at 1am. With no further information we were told we had to deplane at 3am - so nearly five hours on the tarmac - and the ground staff would deal with us when we got off the plane. When we got off the plane, I was handed a sleeping bag with no explanation. When I asked they said we had to sleep at the gate. Eventually we were told that the flight might depart at 3pm the next day - 17 hours after the scheduled departure. No accommodation was provided or even offered. They announced breakfast at 9.30 am by which time was son was starving hungry anyway, so I had already paid for breakfast myself. Breakfast was a small piece of pizza bread and some water. There was no lunch. They did rebook my connecting flight from Dubai to Manchester, however we had already missed Christmas Eve by this point which was the whole reason we were leaving on December 23rd. Now, I understand that technical issues occur. I can even understand that we might be delayed by 17 hours. However, being forced to wait on the plane for 5 hours when they knew we were never going to depart, being lied to about the reason, not being given accommodation or proper food - these are all things I cannot accept and so wrote a complaint. My request for compensation has now been denied three times. They have said that Article 9 of their Conditions of Carriage says that they do not guarantee departure dates or times. If that is the case - how can any customer trust them to depart at a time and date that they paid for? Good food, good seats, good entertainment system, mediocre cabin crew. Absolutely appalling customer service. Every customer should think twice about using Emirates unless they are happy to be treated very unfairly when something does wrong.
  This complaint regarding Baggage Services. I fly from Dhaka, Bangladesh to New York and connection was in Dubai. When I landed in NY one of my luggage was missing and they told me that it was last traced in Dubai. Today, it's been 7 days and when I call customer service they are keep telling me that they couldn't find the baggage, they are looking into all the airports which sound very stupid. Everyday when I call them they are keep telling me that they are escalating to higher authority. Also they are ensuring me that I will receive a call back in 24 hours which never happened in last 7 days. I am very annoyed right now don't know what should I do.
  My partner and I requested wheelchair and assistance. He has his own electric wheelchair. I have been in front of the business class counter where we asked if they had a priority line and solicited the wheelchair and asked where to go. We got a few contradictory answers (and many employees’ nasty looks) and, after sitting on the luggage and floor por 40 minutes, because the request of a young couple that felt bad about my situation, the left a wheelchair at my side and no assistance. I am afraid of losing the flight and am still being ignored after about an hour and 15 min.  This company doesn’t have the most basic respect for the passengers! Economy class passengers are human beings too. I try to avoid wheelchairs but airports and the long walking distances with all the luggage are a challenge. They do not even start to check in economy before all business passengers are gone. They don’t even pretend to care! I don’t know if I am going to a developed country anymore. The introduction is not good. When I finally got assistance, the lady helping me was extremely nice (Mariluz). Value for money - a waste of money Ground service below horrifying.
  Incredibly poor experience for such an incredibly expensive flight. We flew from Milan to New York with a connection to Atlanta. We were held on the tarmac for almost an hour and a half with no explanation. Not surprisingly, we missed our flight. I went to the counter to get rebooked to a new one. It took 2 hours for the (extremely rude) customer service representative to offer me a flight 24 hours later and a motel (1/5 star review on Google). They insisted nothing else was available even though we were seeing tons of availability on our own. Furthermore, they told us we would get reimbursed for ubers and food during the 24 hours. I contacted Emirates several times and have had no such luck in getting reimbursed. They completely ignore you. Will never fly Emirates again despite the name brand. 
  I can’t believe I’m writing this about Emirates since I’ve been flying with them for years but their customer service has gone down dramatically! I don’t know if it’s because they don’t pay the air hostesses enough or maybe they just became over confident. I took a flight from Bali (Indonesia) to London (via Dubai). Firstly , the stewardess’s are more focused on just giving champagne than helping the customers find their seat and helping with luggage. They don’t want to do any hard work. Can’t even be bothered to smile or pretend to be kind. The business part looked more like premium economy. (You definitely don’t get what you paid for on Emirates) 10 hrs flight to Dubai and nightmare. Food has got worse and worse over the years. I don’t know if they changed the catering? Total waste of my money and time. I should have flown Qatar Airways where you get your own cabin (with sliding door for privacy) and the air hostess are super kind and friendly. Only for $300 it’s totally worth it. Learned my lesson! Never again Emirates!
  My recent experience with them has been quite disappointing. The cabin crew are less friendly than I remember them to be years back, especially the male crew. I experienced this on all four legs of my recent journey. They felt like more of bouncers (i.e the men), as they didn't smile, weren't friendly or approachable, and instead of telling me "this way, please," as I have always been used to during boarding, one of the men simply got in my way and gestured me to go in the other direction, without uttering a word. I found this to be a bit rude. To add to this, some crew members on various legs of my trip didn't offer me a beverage during snacktime, while they offered my neighbours some. And it's not because I had my headphones on or was asleep or seemed uninterested. They glanced at me and somehow decided I wouldn't be interested in a cuppa? This happened three different times! I will continue to fly with them as they offer some of the best prices. However, i do hope to see friendlier faces in future.
  My Husband and I travelled on Emirates on November 24th 2022 from Seattle to Dubai, seated in row 19, and sadly it was the experience I was expecting.  This was a 14+ hour flight, and one would think the crew would be friendly and check on the passengers more, however the only time we saw them was during boarding, food service and disembarking and without smiles. After and before the food service the crew were nowhere to be seen. On other flights with other airlines the air hostesses will come by a couple of time with water/ tea/coffee or just even walk by to make sure if anything was needed. I understand people may want to sleep but you can also do it without waking up the passengers. Thirdly, the food was not appetizing, and not only that but if Emirates is releasing the menu on the app with a couple options (veg and non-veg) on the plane I was told I cant have the veg because I didn’t order it, Then why was it an option and it didn’t have anything on the side that said Pre-order. Ended up taking the meal with he chicken which was dry and hard like a baseball. I didn’t eat it. We were served a pizza snack and it wasn’t warmed up well. I am not one who leaves reviews but I understand that Emirates is a well renowned brand and company and my review will not matter to them but at the end of the day it was my hard earned money that I used to pay for my Flight. They say Emirates is a number 1 airline in the world and flying them is almost a privilege, but I disagree, Sorry.
 Though Emirates only operates a handful of flights to and from Milan, it maintains a nice, spacious lounge with ample seating and good selections of food. I could walk around and pick any seat I want in the lounge without having to sit next to strangers. Tables in the dining area were quickly cleared and cleaned after guests left, so they were always ready for the next guests. One unique thing about Emirates was that I could board directly from the lounge, which made things much easier. On board, the A380 was nice. Every seat had a minibar, which was nice. Emirates does not offer full turndown service the way Qatar Airways does, but a mattress pad was provided (like on Japan Airlines) to make a more comfortable bed. The gender specific amenity kit, by Bvlagri, was very nice and useful. Food was good in general, and wine selection was ahead of other airlines, but service was slow and a bit inconsistent. However, I did encounter one of the nicest attendants in the sky.
  Do not trust them. Worst Airline and customer service. Purchased the ticket in full. Was issued E-ticket via email. Arrived to destination. On the return leg flight, was refused check in. Printed and presented at the check in. Upon presenting, the passenger was advised that the ticket is not valid and the seat that was booked in not available. Advised to purchase another ticket. When told that the ticket was all paid for and e-ticket was presented, they advised that they can’t do anything and advised to contact customer care. The check in closed and the flight departed. No money was returned. After contacting the customer service, advised to lodge an investigation. When asked what to do for the time being, they advised to purchase another ticket and deal with complaints department. Another ticket was purchased. Both customer service team and complaints department advised that they cannot do anything and to deal with the bank. When challenged the decisions, the both departments simply engorged communication. Ended up being double the money out of pocket and no explanation. Would never fly again with this shade company and will advise everyone to avoid as this can happen to anyone. Because the head office is overseas, no local governing agency have any power to challenge them. Be careful and stay away.
  First time flying business class with Emirates and it was very disappointing. A very early pre-boarding process in Amsterdam, while the crew was waiting in the tiny area as well for the airplane to be cleaned. So 500 People squeezed into a waiting area for an hour. Boarding is messy. Boarding music is terrible and, if delayed, played on repeat for hours. The seat is quite nice. The crew works very hard, but the service is just chaotic and messy with their trays, stuff stacked on top of each other. Meal service starts 2 hours after take off. On the way back used the business lounge in Dubai. It is far from the quality of lounges other airlines have, including most European airlines. Again delayed. Gipsy King music again for the 2 hours on ground during boarding. Poorly informed by the captain and mixed/contradicting info from the cabin crew. All the purser could say that “it wasn't their fault”. Overall, all facilities and procedures are quite average, food and drinks are ok. (Drinks actually very nice), crew was a mix of friendly, hard-working people and some who couldn’t care less.
 This was not a very good experience. Starting with the Airport, I was forced to check one of my carry-ons due to “no space” on the plane although it was not a full flight and I was made to pay a huge amount of money just for that and what’s worse is that the bag had a lot fragile souvenirs and I risked breaking all of them. Thank goodness it was loaded in Japan and no harm was done and the bag dodged a bullet. I don’t remember Emirates being that needlessly strict. I’m not sure if the airline changed the aircraft because the extra legroom seat that I paid for was different than the one I got as the exit door was in the way so I had to lean a little on the person next to me to get the full legroom feel. It was a long flight but it went smooth and the food was extremely delicious. The flight attendant that was assigned to our row, although efficient, made me feel like an inconvenience as she had very low energy and didn’t seem very enthusiastic to the point that while was pouring me apple juice, the carton ran out of juice while the cup was half full and that’s how she served it without bothering to open another carton. For the whole flight I was waiting for her to pass by us so I can ask the other, much nicer attendant for water and/or assistance whenever I needed something. For some weird reason, the much advertised On Air WiFi did not work which took another point out. 
  I have been flying Emirates for 15 years and was a gold member for much of that time. From 2007 - 2012 their customer service was almost unmatched but things have been getting worse over the past 10 years or so and now I would say it is the worst of any airline in the world. I have flown Emirates 3 times this year out of necessity and each time it has been a complete disaster. Emirates has now switched from operating like a typical full service carrier to something more akin to a low-cost airline. Not only do they have 4 fare classes (economy, premium, business & first) but each of those classes is split into 4 types (special, saver, flex & flex-plus). The saver fares usually look too good to be true because they are! If you find a low price on a special or saver fare when booking in advance you may think you got a good deal but try to make any changes to the flight and you will soon find that the airline tries to gauge you for extortionate 'fare differences'. Even if you try to change your flight to one that costs exactly the same as the flight you are on and there are empty seats in your fare class, they will tell you that your 'fare type' is no longer available and extort you for hundreds if not thousands of dollars to make the change. Even if the flight you're on is full and the flight you want to switch to is half empty (something you think the airline would be glad of) they still try to gauge you. If you're lucky enough to get through to customer service, they will not offer you any assistance whatsoever - their job is just to extract as much extra cash from you as they can. I have come to expect this and so avoid Emirates where I can. My latest experience with Emirates customer service was far worse than my already very low expectations. I tried to use the Emirates app to make a change to the flight time. I had a Saver fair so there was a change fee of £100. This was clearly stated in the terms and conditions of the ticket so I was happy to pay. However, when I got to the screen to put in my credit card details, the app crashed. I tried again and the same thing happened. Rather than keep trying to work with a defective app, I called the airline to make the change over the phone. A recorded message said that the airline was extremely busy and that if I was not flying in the next 48 hours, I should hang up and call back later. I complied with this request and hung up the call. As soon as I got back to my hotel room, I got on the laptop to make the change. despite only being a couple of hours later, there was suddenly a 'fare difference' to pay. Since it was the Emirates app that had failed when I tried to make the change and since their call center was too busy to take my call at that time, I was sure that Emirates would do the right thing and match the price from when I had first attempted the change. I thought wrong! I spoke to a hopeless fist line call center worker who could not help so I asked to speak to a supervisor. The supervisor said that he did not have any authority to make changes to flights, despite the fact that he told me that he was the most senior person in the airline I could speak to. Eventually, I was put through to another man a second level supervisor (or "officer")
 Reserved Emirates flight from London Gatwick to Dhaka via Dubai. Booked economy Seat From LGW/DXB -Paid Upper Deck Seat . Dubai Dhaka Business Class. Reported at check in desk on time. Double check with counter that, when will get Wheelchair. The lady from counter replied that, not possible to provide wheelchair as my seat is in upper deck. I asked her if any complications for wheelchair just arrange to drop me in boarding Gate. She told me not possible at all. If I will move my seat from upper deck to main deck then only possible. I asked her why. She told me we Emirates don’t provide wheelchair service in upper deck. I asked her what will happen, the passengers who needs wheelchair assistance & traveling in business class obviously seats in upper deck. She didn’t respond. We can not provide wheelchair assistance in upper deck. I told her no need upper deck as I need until the boarding Room. She refused me. Very worst service ever in my life. Avoid Emirates, who need special Assistance I mean wheelchair.
  I always travel by Emirates and liked it but this was my first time traveling with my 14 months old baby. The seat I got was too small to fit us both. I didn’t know I have to carry my baby even when he’s asleep. I asked for bassinet and they said if baby’s legs are not straight while lying in bassinet then it’s not for the baby. I had to carry him throughout the flight because he was mostly asleep. When they provided me meal I couldn’t open my table as while holding baby table couldn’t be opened. I barely ate a little and gave up. Meal for baby was also not provided although it was included in the ticket. It was a huge disappointment. I couldn’t use inflight entertainment either for baby because there was no room.
 I got a last minute upgrade offer and went for it without contemplation. The business class seats on the Boeing 777 were comfortable and I managed to get a very good sleep. The service was excellent and I felt really spoiled and taken care of. The meals were also good starting with the beef and rice dinner and ending with a delicious omelette breakfast. I remember the Emirates infotainment “ICE” had more variety before but I was still kept well occupied.
  The flight departed a little late. Boarding was organised. Had Aisle seat 84C which chose and paid for At booking. Gluten Free meal served early and cabin crew checked name and request for Gluten free. Best Gluten Free meals on any airline. The cabin crew on this flight worked nonstop. Water and soft drinks between meals which was good. One cabin crew stood out on this flight she was constantly attending passengers needs and had a bright energetic personality. My husband and i arrived slightly late into Brisbane but safely. First flight of 14 hours which i never felt jet lagged and flown this flight many times put it down to only drinking water with meals whole flight.
  Venice to Dubai 12 November. Check in very good at Marco Polo Airport. Some one in Emirates uniform directing passengers. At check in the staff not wearing Emirates uniform but excellent customer service and said she would check if once we arrived in Australia she could give us boarding pass for our Qantas connection in Brisbane for final destination but was not able. Later at boarding gate called over and received Boarding pass for final onward journey. The flight to Dubai was good, Allocated twin seats which booked and paid for and Excellent Gluten free meal served early. Cabin crew came around with water and soft drinks between meals and we arrived safely in Dubai for onward connection to Brisbane.
 Absolutely awful service both inbound and outbound traveling with an infant. Emirates made a mistake on my booking with an infant which resulted in me having to spend 2 hours at in the airport running between check in desk and ticketing desk with a hungry crying infant to rectify the mistake Emirates created. Onboard the return flight, the flight attendant refused to provide bottled water for so I could prepare infant formula despite having charged me 10% ticket price as infant fare. Finally, on arrival we found our stroller damaged and the baggage team is proposing to offer is 500 AED which is insufficient to replace the stroller. Absolutely awful experience. I urge travelers with infants to choose a better airline.
  Overall business class is quite good with friendly and polite flight staff. Few cons: seats are quite narrow. I'm 5'4", 125 pounds and my elbows were hitting either side. You can lay on your back quite comfortably but I don't know how a bigger person will be comfortable especially on long haul flights. In each of the 4 legs at every meal time, the flight attendant asked me " do you want to eat dinner/ lunch/ brunch?". Of course I would. Where would I go for sustenance on a 15 hour flight? It's not like I could jump out the plane for takeout or fix myself a sandwich. Felt like a weird question like I was waiting for a free meal in a soup kitchen.  Meal service was super slow. On one of the legs, the flight attendant set my table for brunch and the actual brunch arrived 45 minutes later, during lunch time. And my vegan brunch was just a Chia seed pudding which was probably dumped into a bowl from a Mason jar so not sure why the delay. The vegan options were quite pathetic and almost unpalatable on 2 of the 4 legs. Just a mush of steamed rice/ noodles and veggies isn't really a vegan meal. For a $5k ticket, I'd have hoped Emirates would've been a little creative and thoughtful with the vegan meal. 
  Emirates, together with its agents, is engaged in deception and fraud in the exchange of tickets. I couldn't change my flight tickets for 2.5 weeks! They changed me a few hours before departure and took a fine of 200 euros. If you want to ruin your trip and vacation, contact Emirates, they will do it professionally!
 Superb airline. I really can not fault the airline at all. The cabin crew are extremely attentive, polite and friendly. The food was very tasty. In flight entertainment was very extensive for two 6 hours flights.
  When travelling from Dubai to Srilanka and  from Srilanka to Dubai with Emirates and from London to Dubai and  Dubai to London is travelling with 2 different Airlines. Aircraft, the service, food is 1st class when travelling from Europe but  completely different services when travelling to Srilanka. I am requesting Emirates hierarchies to review this and treat every passenger the same. Honestly I thought I was travelling with EASYJET when I travelled from Srilanka to Dubai.
 Bangkok to Frankfurt via Dubai. The service on board was great. The touchscreen of the board entertainment system is on some planes are better than on others. The movie collection was vast but didn't fit my taste. My seat wasn't locked. So, it changed position without pushing the button. However, those minors didn't bother me because of the good value and the great staff. What bothered me is the lack of goodwill of the Emirates on ground service. Emirates offered to reschedule the booked flights because of the Covid-19 pandemic for three years (what was great). However, our daughter became 13 years old during that time and a new more expensive adult ticket was needed for her. However, we saved about 150 Euro for her previous ticket, we had to add another 600 Euro for the new ticket. To get the new ticket kept us almost two hours on the phone with fast speaking call service assistants. On the way back, we had to pay additional 217 Euro for overweight. That was new for us, because we always could have one to two more kilogram per suitcase. Maybe it is standard nowadays, but every weight scale is different, therefore I think airlines good except two kilos more per suitcase. Families seem to be disadvantaged in this concern. They count the overweight as total. If family members check in individually, they could save a few bucks.
  EK135 22 October Seat 46A. This flight was a continuation of the Brisbane to Dubai flight 24 hours later. The flight was not full but paid and was given twin seats for myself and wife. Worth the extra cost as 3 rows of seats behind reserved for cabin crew who never used them on this flight. Took off on time arrived on time 2 meals served on flight and usual water and soft drinks tea and coffee. A good flight.
  Brisbane to Dubai. Paid for seat selection and was given correct seat aisle 84c was fortunate there was empty middle seat on 14 hour flight. The Gluten Free meals which Emirates serve are excellent. The flight went smoothly and landed safely. Perhaps the only negative was water given with 2 meals and snack no cabin crew coming around with extra water between you seem to have to ask. Then stayed overnight at Dubai Airport Hotel before onward journey to Venice.
  The service I expected from a low cost carrier, not one of the supposedly best airlines in the world. One of the check in ladies at Copenhagen refused to let me carry on my carry on baggage, despite having taken 12 other flights, including 2 other Emirates flights with no problems on this trip. I went and repacked a few things and lined back up and the same lady went and told every other agent about me. I have never been treated so poorly by airline staff. I ended up in tears and they couldn't care less.  It isn't much better on board. The cabin crew are not overly friendly, you press the call button and it takes so long to get help you wonder if it worked. The food is also average, one of the meals was so horrible, I couldn't even eat it and they feed you at odd times. The entertainment options are terrible, most of the options I hadn't heard of to the point where I downloaded movies on Netflix to watch instead. All in all, for an airline that I was so excited to fly with, it hasn't been a great experience and I will be looking at other airlines before flying Emirates again that's for sure.
  A very cramped journey from Bali to Dubai in economy with barely any space to put my feet and I am only 5 ft 2. The pilot was very communicative about passing tropical weather and the air hostess were lovely. With just a 1 hour transit in Dubai I hopped onto the A380 which is much bigger but the walkways are still soo mall. The air hostess on this flight were not as friendly. A particular air hostess kept telling me off because I crossed my legs and my foot slightly went onto the aisle, I mean we were so squished. I fell asleep and they didn’t serve me the first meal, or even offer a drink when I woke up, they just past me as if I didn’t exist. The second meal was an excellent portion size, the food could barely fit on the tray. I particularly liked the greek yoghurt and granola, and cheese and biscuits - for the hot food it wasn’t impressive. I had better food on cheaper airlines. The air hostess were OK about re filling my water bottle. All in all I think I would try another airline for this long journey next time, just a few bad vibes from the staff with regards to meals and sleeping as mentioned above.
  Comfortable, clean, efficient, always goes above and beyond to make you feel pampered. Even in economy the seats are decently sized for a nap and staff are always ready to help.
  Right from the airport I was facing an unpleasant experience. I was having a laptop bag and one hand baggage. The hand baggage was weighing exactly 7kg but he forced me to put both together and then put my baggage (there was no lock for it) into checked-in and had to pay for additional baggage. Then, while paying for it, they took my card and entered the card number when the payment is already done and machine has already generated receipt. Seems suspicious that my card number is needed to generate a receipt to my email for the additional baggage? Now money is gone and the baggage is damaged. The flight experience was not something great. Landing in Dubai had to wait forever for my baggage.
 Dubai to New York. I misspelled a letter while booking my ticket, found out in the email I received, called to correct a letter, they charged me $30. Bad practice / regulation Emirates Airline. Will avoid in further booking.
 Bangkok to Johannesburg via Dubai. This must have been the worst booking experience and customer service of my life. My partner and I booked the exact same route at the exact same time from 2 different laptops directly from the Emirates website. Emirates confirmed they received his payment, the money was out of his account, but part of his flight is not yet confirmed. After a couple of attempts, they made some adjustments and sorted out the issue a few hours later. My booking could not process payment due to a pricing problem between the airlines. After numerous failed attempts over 3 days via customer service and live chats, failed rebooking attempts for the same route, and empty promises from customer agents calling me back, I finally just booked another date to ensure that we can at least spend Christmas together. NEVER in my life have I experienced any issues like this with Qatar (or any other airlines for that matter). Emirates advertise routes and when it comes to booking, they're not able to process and if they do process, they do a half-ass job which leaves customers feeling stressed and running around trying to finalize flight details. Avoid avoid avoid is all I can say. There is a reason Qatar airways is 5 star, and Emirates is 4 star.
  Very impolite and rude cabin crew from ticketing counter to inside the plane. No just they don’t want help but also ignore you. And you try to catch the attention they literally yell and pass sarcastic comments. I was traveling with my 1 year old. They made our flight a horrible experience and on purpose they did not offer baby food in a 7 hour flight. All crew looked unhappy and were unpleasant to talk with mostly female crews. My flight from Dubai to Algeria was a nightmare because of crew negative behavior and lack of empathy for a mother who’s was traveling with a 1 year old.
  It wasn’t a good experience at all. Young newly married couple who were clearly already pretty tipsy on boarding starting boozing hard as soon as it took off and kept a steady pace of drinking solidly for the entire 8hr flight. Cabin attendants kept giving them can after can even though they were getting very drunk. No consideration for others seated anywhere near them and it was really quite uncomfortable given the volume of their constant loud drunken chatter. After we landed at Dubai as I was standing in the aisle waiting on someone lifting something down from the overhead bins the male passenger staggered to his feet wobbled towards me and aggressively barked “where do you think you’re going eh?” Thankfully he was drunk enough I could sidestep him and leave him swaying around but come on Emirates you’re better than this. The cabin attendants should have stopped serving this pair long before landing as they were clearly intoxicated. Not good at all.
  The first time travelling Emirates Business class and the last. They lost my luggage in Dubai and have now been without it for nearly 3 weeks. They have not contacted me once. I have phoned 3 times and have been promised $50 per day compensation, money back for all the clothes I have had to buy and calls back to advise on the progress of tracing my lost luggage. When I ask about how I claim this compensation they refuse to answer. They also refuse to answer timelines for tracing my luggage. They have been utterly useless and disinterested. I have called them, used Twitter and Facebook and they have delivered only generic responses. I have lodged two complaints through their complaints portal. No response. Please pick another airline.
  Firstly, canceled flights departing Athens to Perth leaving us stranded in Athens for a night so we had to get accomodation. Then you had my booked with a 14 hour stop over in Dubai which is unacceptable. I requested this to be changed and it was to a later flight which worked better. I was reassured my partners flight had been linked (we had separate bookings) and that we were both on the new flight together (this was via virtual chat). We arrive at the airport to check in and even though he had received flight confirmation we were told he didn’t have tickets so we had to go get this sorted at the emirates desk. We’re both finally on the same flight only to be told we cannot be seated together on either of the flights even though we booked months ago and had already selected our seats together. The man at Athens airport checking us in did not care or try to assist us. Absolutely terrible experience and now my partner and I get to sit alone on an 11 hour flight. Completely unacceptable and very poor form from Emirates. I want a refund or some form of compensation for the hotel, meals in Athens whilst stranded and the stress of this whole situation. Completely ruined the end of our trip. I will never fly with them again.
  We arrived in good time to check in at Dubai only to find that my wife’s and 5 year old daughters seats had been changed to be apart on the flight. Previously we had been sent an automatic allocation of seats 2 days before the flight placing them together. Despite my pointing out that a 5 year old cannot travel unaccompanied, no one seemed to care and I had to insist that a manager at least be involved. We were then taken to the aircraft in the hope that some passengers might change seats. 20 minutes past with no good news whilst we were just left to stand by the aircraft door. At no point was any offer made regarding accommodation or alternate flight and, again, we were encouraged to accept that our daughter would have to travel next to a random stranger and presumably feed herself hot meals throughout the 7 hour flight. And then as the doors were about to be shut 2 seats together were suddenly found! When I complained formally about the distress this all caused, a curt reply was sent denying that seats had been changed at check in. My view of this airline feels irreparable damaged and I simply wouldn’t trust them with providing a reliable and safe journey in the future when they cannot even look properly at what went wrong on this occasion.
  Outbound (BAH TO DXB): Smooth flight, generous amount of food for such a short flight and it was tasty as well Outbound (DXB to BHX): Disastrous, flight was overbooked and cramped making the staff take a long time to board, we economy passengers were basically treated like cattle. IFE wasn't responsive, and food especially breakfast were bad - portions fit for a child, and mid flight I realized the meals had given me stomach pains and nausea. Inbound (BHX to DXB): Extremely bad service, 3 hours after take off and nothing (not even drinks) were given, my blood sugar started going down and I got dizzy because of that. When meals were served finally, it seemed the attendants forgot to give a lot of people meals (including my seat mate). Besides that, my meal was terrible barely cooked pasta with a droplet of sauce, dead vegetables that was pathetically called a salad, and I was given a bread roll with nothing to use it with. Crew barely served any drinks, I got massively dehydrated (7hrs flight), and in the morning they refused to serve me breakfast because I woke up 2 hours before landing - not even a coffee or tea was offered to me. Overall, it's was a very below average flight and Emirates is overhyped for nothing.
  The flight in which i travelled from Dubai to Amsterdam turned out to be the worst experience by Emirates. Water was dripping from the roof and the crew took it very lightly. They were responding that we have informed to our manager, but no actions were taken about it till i landed in Amsterdam. I literally had to hold and sit with the plastic cover they had given as the blanket cover for most of the distance.
  I had booked return flights with wheelchair service for my 60 year old Mom for AMD to DFW and back. The flight schedule was changed and instead of 3 hours bearable lay-over, now there was a 11 hour lay-over. They gave hotel accommodation but I was still worried due to my mother’s health and age.  While returning from DFW and reaching DXB, they told my mother that she doesn’t have wheelchair booked. Due to less passengers, upon asking for help, they agreed to provide her wheelchair but what if the flight was packed? Strike 3: I talked to customer service about their initial refusal to provide a wheelchair and they had no answer but “Her wheelchair is booked”. So I asked customer service for the instructions that my mother should follow to get back to the airport from hotel and again the only answer to all my questions was “Our staff will be there to assist her everywhere”. After her hotel stay, my mother was dropped at the road-side of the airport with nobody to help. She asked questions to the passing-by people and thank God she was able to find her way into the airport wheelchair counter. I genuinely liked Emirates but this is very disappointing and inconvenient especially given that mother is a senior citizen. I’ll never fly emirates again.
  Having purchased first class tickets for my wife and I to return to New Zealand in January we were very much looking forward to our return journey having booked business class on the outbound flights from New Zealand. The booking was made and fully paid for four months ago. I have been advised by curt email that I have been downgraded to business class, no mention of apology, explanation nor compensation or refund. It gets better, there seems no way of contacting Emirates in New Zealand their advertised phone number is cut off. What a shambles of an airline and we haven't even left the ground. This is how they treat premium paying clients, forget it. Book with another airline, never again!
  My first experience of Emirates new premium economy class. Food and service excellent. Seats however are a little bit firm and not as comfortable as the pictures suggest. Also the recline is quite big so you can feel a little trapped once the person in front refines. Access to three toilets for 50 plus passengers is a real bonus and you get glimpses of the flight deck if that is an interest. I paid very little in cost difference which was the attraction but Emirates economy is very good in any case so May not always be a choice I am willing to pay much extra for. Also it was a two meal service for a seven hour flight which is good.
  My sister flew from Houston to Tehran via Dubai. In Houston, she paid $225 for an extra suitcase. The agent asked for cash and said they do not accept credit card but after my sister insisting that she does not have cash, they accepted her credit card.  Upon her arrival to Dubai for her second leg of her flight, she was asked to pay over $300 again. When she showed her receipt and the destination noted, the agent started to scream at her and say, either she pays or she will lose her flight. When she tried to reason, the man started to scream more and louder, and took her passport. My sister told him that she will pay, just tell her how to do it. Then the agent took her to a counter and when she went to pay, the price was increased to $350. She paid with credit card and they wanted the pin to her credit card. She told them the she did not have the PIN as this was not debit.  She decided to pay in cash, so she can leave but the agent got on her face. She was handed a repeat for $285 and she did not get her change back out of $400.  Now, I am scrambling in Houston to find a return flight for her, so she does not have to return to Dubai and moreover, to travel with Emirate. 
  When I fly from Jakarta to Zurich transit Dubai on 19 august the cabin crew was unpolite, Isit in the middle between my husband and my daughter, they ask my husband and my daughter for dinner but did not ask me so I call the bell for dinner and told that I am running out of food choices. Very disappointing.
  Wish I had read these reviews. I paid over £2,500 for tickets from London to Dubai to Bangladesh for early next year. I’m travelling with my wife and 2 babies (1 &2.5 years old). The only reason I chose their flights was because it gave the best option of 14 hours in total for flight and transit which is still long with 2 babies but better than 21.5 hours, they suddenly decided to change my original flights, booked only 10 days before, they’ve sent me a text and a short email to say: this is your new itinerary nothing else. I was shocked. How could any airline be so insensitive knowing that these customers are flying with an infant and a 2.5 year old so the least they could do instead of sending us a little text and email giving us no option whatsoever to change or contact them to discuss or be decent to call us at least to see if this was acceptable or not, did we want to change our flights or else cancel and get a refund as they have breached our contract. But nothing and when we tried to call their number in London this guy said he can’t help us with rebooking or a refund but he can put us through to them in Dubai. I hang on and on for 3 hours before realising this was a trick to just get rid of us. I got tired and hung up. There is no other way for us to contact them now at all because when we call their only one number in London you get the due to high volume of calls we can’t answer your call, when I tried the only number given in Dubai nobody answers. Not only are we devastated but also out of pocket by £2,500 because we can’t possibly go on their imposed alternative flight of 21.5 hours with 2 small restless babies. 
 We chose to book a more expensive flight due to shorter transit time in Dubai. However, just a few weeks before our flight, Emirates, without giving us any options, just changed our flight date and a much longer transit time in Dubai, no offer for a hotel overnight stay. In ZH, they have no office, nor could we contact their phone no. It is a frustrating and a sad first time try with Emirates.
  Dubai to Brisbane. Very disappointed with overall care factor. Booked seat a week ahead of flight and was changed by airline with the comments due to operational requirements with no effort to fix it. Never again with these guys they simply don’t care.
  Avoid this airline at all costs! They forced me to check my carry-on, and then they lost it. Since then, they have not made any attempt to locate it beyond emailing the airport, even though I have called them daily, written to them on Facebook, and submitted multiple complaint forms (they have no answered the complaint forms). I every time I call them, they say "Ma'am, we've emailed the airport and haven't heard back yet. Please be patient." I've called the airport, and the representative I spoke with said that Emirates needs to show up in person to locate my missing suitcase - he said that just emailing the airport, as they've done, will accomplish nothing. When I relayed this info to Emirates, they refused to listen. Everyone I've spoken with tries to get off the phone as quickly as possible without taking steps to investigate the issue. It's incredibly frustrating to be stuck in this limbo with airline that will not solve a problem that is their responsibility to solve.
  A very pleasant trip on Emirates Economy from Dallas to Dubai. EK remains the best in Economy. I couldn't fault this flight at all. Check in was easy and friendly ground handling agents despite Dallas being chaotic due to the storms. Onboard the cabin crew were friendly and attentive. The food was plentiful and the IFE was excellent. Wifi was slowish at times but suffice for WhatsApp and communication. I was dreading flying 15 hours in coach but EK made this experience a lot better! 
  After being concerned about our Qantas BC flight to Singapore with their issues, we were really looking forward to flying Emirates BC for the 1st time. Qantas blew Emirates out of the water. Worst business class ever. Really disappointed. You pay a lot to fly business class, so the expectation that something as simple as the food to be hot should be expected. Both flights the food was Luke warm. Can't stand cold food. It maybe the size of the A380 business class, but the whole set up seemed cold. Took off, and it was like a conveyor belt. Seat cushion on for sleep. Food orders taken. Place mat down. Crew were like robots, zero warmth. Qantas do the same, but just felt totally different. More customer interaction and dare I say warmth. 777 flight was a little better but the food was still cold. Sorry unacceptable in business class or even economy for that matter. Not looking forward to our flight from Europe back to Singapore in 6 weeks. When you save to fly business class, when the airline gets it wrong you feel ripped off. Yes they got us there in one piece with our luggage so I suppose I should be happy with that. We get to try Singapore Airlines and Turkish Air BC on this trip as well. So these flights on Emirates I dare say will be our last. Quite simply they don't live up to their reputation which is such a shame.
  Very disappointed and unprofessional. We flew from Lebanon to Dubai and then to Sydney our baggage was delayed so it was meant to arrive on the next flight. A week later with no information at all about our baggage which we had to chase up on a daily basis, the bags arrived damaged. We emailed them and attached photos of the baggage and did not receive a reply. They need to reimburse us for the damaged baggage. Will not be flying with them again.
  I travelled with many airlines until à now and it was the worse service I got. The first time I didn’t get my luggage on arrival and no compensation above all. An airlines who allows itself to plan short connection, and arrives late in Dubai, to the price of leaving your luggages behind. And after complaining to the customer service, this is what you get : “ Dear Miss Bacconnet, Thank you for your correspondence. I regret the inconvenience you experienced when your baggage was not available for collection upon you arrival in Paris on 30 May 2022. Our records indicate that your baggage was unintentionally left behind in Dubai and subsequently returned to you. Compensation for delayed baggage is offered to passengers to assist with the purchase of essential items of an immediate need. Passengers who are residents in the country where the claim has been registered are not eligible for this payment. Delayed baggage compensation also does not cover consequential expenses such as hotel accommodation, transportation, loss of income etc. We are not in a position to offer compensation and recommend that you contact your insurance company for assistance. Thank you for the opportunity to respond. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you on board in the near future under more favourable circumstances. Yours sincerely, Emirates Customer Affairs” Apparently, even though I don’t leave in Paris, I don’t have “essential needs” because my country can its residents all their essential needs. It is well known that when you live in a country, everything is free for you. Like I didn’t pay the hotel because I had to wait for my luggage for almost two hours after someone came to me to let me know it’s not gonna come today so that I missed my train back home. Consequently I had to book a night in a hostel because a hotel in Paris is crazy expansive. And as I didn’t have essentials I had to pay not less than 4€ to rent a ridiculous cheap quality towel. The service onboard is not exceptional, the crew is not really willing to help. The AC is crazy low and when you ask for second blanket, it looks like you ask too much. Compared to Qatar there is no free wifi allowance. 
  Since it was sudden sandstorm on Sunday 14August 2022,our flight was delayed from Bahrain and then Dubai too. Wen we arrived Dubai Airport then Emirates staff gave us Boarding passes and meal vouchers for another rebooking which was 6 hours later and I asked for lounge or some waiting areas from the staff since I carrying 1 month infant with me along 1 child, she denied saying that lounges are all occupied because all flights are delayed. I again understand that lounge may not be available but she could have shown some empathy and could have tried from her end to facilitate us by saying let me check if possible. I was not informed that there will be no announcements on this airport and she did not even tell that your gate may be in another building for which you will have to go by bus or metro which takes another 30-40 minutes at least. Somehow I found a place to feed my baby which was quite far but concourse B was mentioned on my Boarding pass so I thought its near only we went to relax n feed my baby and later our gate was changed to another building and I did not know it will take such long time to reach there. Running through the way we couldn't manage it to the gate, we missed that flight too. I believe Emirates staff should communicate with the passenger clearly about the important information specially when someone like me who is going on Dubai Airport first time. I could get direct flight from Bahrain to Delhi but I wanted my family to experience the service Of Emirates and they experienced the worst experience, partially because of bad weather Delays and partially because of staff's miscommunication or no interest to facilitate the passenger with special need or request. 
  On 14th August flight EK818 was delayed due to bad weather etc. However what followed was disappointing and highly unprofessional by Emirates Dubai Staff. Was put on EK2010 to JFK although I requested for next day EK213. Emirates lied by misinforming that none was available. Came to know later that those who shouted were accommodated. Unfortunate, but it works with Emirates Suffered a lot due to due to the forced itinerary. Lost additional 500 USD in hotel reservations and bus connections, Miami to Tampa. Emirates Complaint department don't have the courtesy or guts to respond. 
  Wonderful service while flying on Emirates. Clean planes, good food, and, wonderful crew. My flight from Dubai to London on the A380 was a wonderful experience. I would highly recommend this flight.
  Emirates not to blame, but Munich Airport (Terminal 1) was a shame: dirty, unorganised, very few options for food etc. In short not what to expect in Germany. Check in a bit tacky (but friendly) regarding visa and check-in system not running, but after 20 mins I finally got my boarding pass. On both flights I got an excellent meal with appetiser, main, cheese and desert on a tray and it was no problem to get some wine with it. A generous perk as Silver EK-member is I was permitted into the Emirates Business Lounge in Dubai, which is an excellent place for a shower, some really good food.
  I use different airlines very frequently, and Emirate is one the worst. It canceled my original flight and change to new one with more than 8 hours gap, and they didn't suggest any facility. Also, the reason for canceling the first flight is unclear, because the first flight was working and no need to change my flight. Their behavior in check-in was very rude. They weight everything even a tiny kid backpack and charged very expensively for even 1 kilo overweight. Finally, I never use this unreliable airline.
  We traveled from Cochin to Dubai on 31st July via Business class. I had a horrendous experience with the flight attendants. The supervisor and the assistant had completely forgotten all the etiquette and the hospitality they are supposed to extend. I feel Emirates must give refresher courses to the staff and continuous evaluation should be taken to maintain the standard. When I expressed my displeasure they were asking me what should I serve to make me happy and I told them we don't choose Emirates for food. I'm thoroughly disappointed with their attitude and behavior.
  I am a Gold member of Skywards. During a flight departing from Toronto to Dubai the flight crew allowed the children sitting behind me to use my seat as a climbing frame. With no regard for myself or the other passengers within the row nothing was addressed. Eating the served meal was impossible as was any attempt at drinking any fluids. This was drawn to the attention of both the parents and the flight staff all to no avail. If the children were not climbing then they were kicking the back of my seat. The children would seldom sit even during turbulence and during take-off and landing. After so many years of traveling with Emirates this whole encounter will cause me to look at alternate airlines.
  I have flown Emirates extensively in the Lisbon-Dubai route and I find their product rather consistent. This last time check-in took a bit too much than I would expect for Business, but security fast-track works well and is convenient. In Lisbon Emirates uses the TAP lounge which is a bummer as other than being very crowded at all times, it is located before passport control (Schengen area) which forces people to leave much earlier than boarding start. If flying Business in the Boeing 777-300 do choose the front mini-cabin (first 2 rows before the door) as all the 300+ Economy passengers board through the door before the aft cabin leading to an annoying 1h boarding process with people passing by. Food and crew are usually great and very helpful and friendly. At Dubai very easy process to go through priority passport control and to reach the complimentary limo service, all very efficient. I have found some drivers to be quite rude and/or driving dangerously - Emirates should improve their standards for this personnel. All in all, Emirates is one of the few airlines offering a truly distinctive premium service, from the moment you leave home until you set your feet at your destination hotel. I will continue flying with them.
  My brother in Kenya died suddenly in a construction accident so I had to get a flight home quickly as funerals happen quickly in Kenya. We found a suitable flight with Emirates although it was about triple what I normally pay for a planned flight home. At Birmingham the checkin staff were not very helpful and then the flight to Amsterdam was delayed but I was told not to worry, I would still get my onwards flight from Schipol to Nairobi. However, when I arrived at Amsterdam my flight had departed. I was offered a flight 24 hours later but turned it down as I would miss my brother’s funeral and I would be devastated. I was offered and accepted an alternative flight via Entebbe, Uganda, which I accepted. However, when I arrived at Entebbe I was refused boarding on the flight to Nairobi - Emirates had messed up. I had no money for an alternative flight and no roaming on my phone so I Whattsapp’d my husband in UK and he phoned up Emirates Dubai office at great expense and after half an hour convinced the call handler to book me onto a later flight to Nairobi. I missed my brother’s funeral and I will never forgive Emirates for their incompetence and lack of care. I’ve complained to Emirates and they denied all responsibility blaming factors outside of their control but I don’t believe them. They have offered me some free Air Miles but I will never fly with Emirates again! 
 Service is below sub standard. I travelled with my 2 daughters of 2 and 7 years. I bought my seat at the time of booking and the system wouldn’t let me to do the same for my daughters. At the time of online check in, I found out that my daughters were seated 7 rows ahead of me on their own which shocked me. Furthermore, I raised my concerns to the officer at the check-in desk. Her seat allocation was more terrible than the system. She allocated me in the middle seat, 2 year at the aisle and 7 year aisle right across making her to sit with a stranger. I was frightened to hear that bad news and had to escalate the issue to the supervisor. Finally, after 20-25 minutes of waiting, supervisor made me (compulsion) to sit with my daughters 7 seats ahead of my paid chosen seat. At least, it was a big relief for me before boarding. Money paid for my chosen seat was gone into Emirates account and no refund was made until now. More paper work following to claim it and a waste of time, so let Emirates enjoy that undeserved money. Service offered by the airline was below standard when compared to the rest of Middle Eastern Carriers and other standard carriers. Families travelling with kids were of least to no concern by the crew. However, I have to admit that Emirates managed to arrive the destination on time. On the return leg, my luggage is not delivered yet or lost on the way. Another issue to deal with Emirates now. Service had gone from standard to pathetic. I need to think million one times to make another booking with Emirates. Families travelling with kids are not recommended to choose this airline. More dissatisfaction occurred when reporting the above mentioned incidents to the customer support. Hardly any apologies to little reassurance from them too. Overall my travel experience with Emirates was pathetic.
  Checked in at Bergen for flight Oslo with SAS connecting to Dubai with Emirates. Arrived early. Waited at gate in Oslo before flight started to board and was 2nd in line. Bags were checked all the way through to Dubai, where we would then have a rest and get a flight to Melbourne the following day. Attempted to board and told our tickets had been cancelled - by us! Somehow in the air from Bergen, we decided to cancel our own tickets and delay seeing our 4 children and give up a weekend in Dubai - seems unlikely. Argued the point but no interest in listening to us and the flight left without us. We were not told where to go, who to contact, how to get any help and we had to wait for hours for our luggage to be returned to us after it was taken off the plane. We spent two days stranded in Oslo airport with no help from Emirates at all. Our travel agent confirmed that it was in fact Emirates that cancelled our tickets - for being a “no show” which is 100% wrong and we can prove this. We spent money on hotel, footed and lost money in Dubai from prebooked accommodation. Emirates would not give us anything in compensation. Flight home was empty / half full. No offer of upgrade or anything at all from customer service (or lack of customer service!). After a terrible flight home, straight through to Melbourne we were now a day late due to the airline. We lost a days work and had to re-schedule deliveries at additional cost to our business. After several attempts to write, email and call emirates customer service on return to Melbourne, we have had zero response! The lack of service and care for customers is disgraceful. I was prepandemic a frequent international flyer and in 20 years I have never seen such a poor display. I will never fly this airline again. Emirates is an appalling company that cares nothing for the customer experience. They do not care for Australian passengers - it’s all about looking after their own profits. Fly at your own risk as they will cost you money and care less. Oh - actually they did offer us a special treat from business class, how could I forget they asked if we wanted a cappuccino from a machine. I don’t drink coffee.
  This is the most unpleasant business class travel experience I have ever had. My check-in luggage is missing, despite I confirmed with the check-in counter in Dubrovnik multiple times that my luggage will be delivered automatically to Japan without any manual transfer procedure required in Dubai. The WIFI (cost 19.9 usd) I bought onboard doesn't work most of the time. When I went to the toilet shortly before landing, the attendant reluctantly open the door for me. But he kept pushing by saying "do it really quick" and even knocked the door irritatedly. He didn't apologise even after I asked him to use proper English and better manner. The company changed the aircraft without notice. I book the aisle seat but it ended up as a window seat. (Another attendant helped me change the seat. That is the only positive experience onboard.) 
  I've been flying Emirates for maybe 12 years and a gold card member for at least 10 years. Emirates has never let me down. I alternate between flying in different classes and know exactly what I am getting. Everything is good, and rarely experience a flight delay. After international travel for 45 years, I no longer get on a plane to eat, drink or be pampered though services and meals are above average.
  The absolute worst airline ever. If you have kids avoid this airline as much as possible. We had two hours of delay on first flight and they did not keep the next flight for 5 minutes for us to catch it, although the tickets were bought connected. They book us on a flight with 14 hours difference the problem was we arrived vey late at night and all shops were closed and they compensated with one night hotel and nothing else. They also has absolutely no priority for kids not in boarding and not for caring a small kid has special need like diapers you can not just easily book them in next day flight at midnight. With all these problems they put on us, they also did not want to let us take our yoyo stroller on board, we had to fight them and without stroller at midnight in a closed airport when they book us on next day flight I do not know what we should do. Terrible is even a good word to describe Emirates. 
  The boarding was super organized with the people in the back zones boarding first to avoid clashes and unnecessary crowding in the aisles. The food was good and the entertainment was endless with something for everyone (Japanese music for me). The staff were friendly and the seats were comfortable.
  The baggage rules are non consistent with what is displayed on Expedia and once you are at the airport they charge high overweight fees. Even if upgrading my ticket to Flex would have solved the weight limit for a cheaper price the staff refused to make any change. Also, despite the emergency seat being partially free I was not allowed to take one because I haven't paid extra fees upfront for this option. I heard good things about this company, yet as my first experience turned out to be a nightmare I’ll stay far away from this one in the future. I hope ANA will soon resume operating their own flight to France soon.
  Very disappointing flight. Emirates food was terrible, flight crew spent first 20 mins before takeoff asking around about who owned which carryons in the overhead compartments. Every time serving drinks they locked down the bathrooms. Never fly this airline- save the headache !
  Very disappointing experience. I booked a one way flight for $2000 Email confirmation was not sent till I called emirates three days later after my booking. I am 6’5 feet tall and have bad knees. After boarding, there were at least 3 empty seats at the emergency exit in economy class, I asked the crew if I could change my seat to one the emergency exit empty seat. The reply was you need to pay $200 extra for that. I explained why I need to move to a seat with more leg space and that it’s still an economy seat that no one is using, they simply said sorry we can’t. The whole flight I was shivering and when I asked for an extra blanket the reply was sorry everyone is asking for extra blanket. I has a much better experience with other airlines. Emirates is so overrated unless you are booking on business or first class.
  In the last 4-years, Emirates customer service has become one of the worst. I doubt they are any better than a 2-star service. Their airport staffs are either rude or cold. Their in-flight food service is mediocre. Although, the food is above average. They offer minimal service when it comes to offering water or drinks during the flight. I tried upgrading using family account points, a feature with Emirates. It is more or less a scam scheme designed to pool all your points in your family account. The idea is you can upgrade your journey or family members' journey using the family account. However, you cannot access these points when you want to upgrade. So you are left with no points in your account and storing all your points in your family account, and you can't use them. Emirates airport staffs and cabin crews are so poorly trained. Both Airline check-in staff, Cabin Crew and support staff have no clue how the family account works. I heard 4-different versions of the policies. They send me round in circles on 2 different trips, and the issue still remains unresolved after a week. As a gold member, I get a pleasant smile and a warm welcome, but that is just faking a few words that have no value whatsoever. Anytime I requested any help, I more or less got nothing for being Gold. The only thing that remains for being Gold is Fast Check-in in the Dubai airport and a few other airports outside the UAE, Lounge access, and sometimes faster delivery of your check-in baggage. There was a time Emirates was better or as good as Qatar Airways. Overall, EK's poor customer service let it down big time. As a customer, my last 2 experiences have been terrible.
  Supposed to leave for Dubai 03/07 but engine no 4 failed. We waited 3 hours in the plane and weren't allowed to disembark. After disembarking, we were told we would get hotel accommodation. Instead, we were sent from pillar to post and ended up standing outside the airport in the cold until past 2am when I arranged transport, at my own cost to get home. No communication, no one to explain anything. Staff were not helpful at all and neither were the ground staff. Disappointing, won't use them again if I have a choice. Seats are uncomfortable and staff are rude both in the aircraft and on the ground. They were screaming at us and we didn't even know where to go or what to do.
  We were flying from Mumbai to JFK via Dubai on 7th June, 2022. When we were checking in, looks like only 1 cabin baggage is allowed (and no personal item) while you are flying out from India. This was not the case when I was flying in from the USA. Looks like this is the rule only from India. We were charged a very high price of 35,000 Rupees for just 2 personal items which was a backpack and handbag. We had no choice but to pay. This was unheard of before. Disappointed as a customer while flying out from India.
  Terrible and rude staff, many of the staff were untrained and the trained staff were trained only to be rude and cut throat. Don’t believe the Emirates hype, this airline sucks.
  I had the best flight experience, I flew DXB-SFO and return from IAD-DXB both flight were with the A380 with luxury semi suite in business class which convert to full flat bed. On both directions flights left on time and landed earl. Catering on board is 5 star standard and the best of the experience is the crew who were very attentive, always available and helping the passengers. Check in was smooth, boarding and disembarking a breeze and luggage were brought to belt so fast. I would like to thank the crew of EK225 on 20 May specially Ubaid and Christine and on my return EK232 on 17 June Danielle and the manager Rabih.
  It was quickly apparent that Emirates were carrying out a savage cost cutting program. The Seating was impossibly cramped such that the first three days of my stay in the UK were spent in Warwick Hospital with a DVT. Food on the Plane was scarce and inedible, and drinks even scarcer. The Attendants did their best but were clearly hamstrung. It seems a very short sighted unimaginative approach will destroy a once admired Airline.
  We were not well taken care of by the flight crew that departed from Dubai to São Paulo. Some of the attendants were rude. They spoke ill of the Brazilians who were on the flight. I was seated next to the crew cabin and I understood very well in English what they were talking about. I was extremely disappointed in the staff and company for management. Among other things more that left a lot to be desired. I have flights back to Sydney scheduled, but I don't know if I should cancel and return on another airline. Não fomos bem atendidos pela tripulação do voo que partiu de Dubai para São Paulo. Alguns dos atendentes foram grosseiros, rudes. Falaram mal dos brasileiros que estavam no voo. Eu estava sentado ao lado da cabine da tripulação e entendi muito bem em inglês o que eles estavam falando. Fiquei extremamente decepcionado com a equipe e empresa para a gestão. Entre outras coisas mais que ficou muito a desejar. Tenho voos de volta para Sydney programados, mas não sei se devo cancelar e retornar em outra companhia aérea.
  At Algiers airport, the lounge is lifeless.  In the plane, the power receptacle is broken on my seat but luckily no one was sitting next to me to use his. The live TV did not work and the images are distorted. The live TV displays a few frames then freezes for a minute or so before displaying more frames. I was trying to watch the football game between ManU and Chelsea. The food (we were fasting) they left by your seat and then it took another 15 minutes to bring nuts and drinks after Maghrib. I just wanted soup for Iftar. In addition, when I was asked to choose my entree, it was not available. The seat I had 11A was very noisy. Usually they distribute pouches with socks, toothbrush and toothpaste and a blind mask in addition to ear plugs which would have been helpful. After all this is business class. The only bright thing in this upgrade is that the hostesses were brilliant and even tolerated my displeasure with these inconveniences in a nice way. In any case, this is the worst business class experience flying Emirates ever. Most likely it will be my last at least on this route. This is their reply: Dear Mr Boutrid, Thank you for your correspondence of 31 May 2022 regarding Emirates flight EK 758 from Algiers to Dubai on 28 April. I am concerned to learn of your disappointment with the lounge at Algiers airport. This lounge is operated by a service provider. Regrettably, not all lounge operators have the selection of food and beverages or ambience that we offer in our Emirates Lounges. However, your feedback is noted and has been shared with the relevant team for their information. Through emirates.com we do advise customers that for technical reasons we are unable to provide Wi-Fi, mobile phone, mobile data and live television services on every flight, or guarantee a continuous service. Emirates' liability is therefore limited. However, I acknowledge that this added to your disappointment. With regard to your request for the mixed grill, we always aim to match the quantity of choices with the predicted passenger preferences. While we do our utmost to meet all passenger requests, sometimes there may be shortages of a particular meal choice due to previous passenger selection. Shortages of a particular meal are continuously monitored in order to adjust ratios accordingly for future flights. It is my understanding that got your first choice of starter (potato soup), your preferred dessert, the chocolate caramel tarte, and opted for the beef meal instead. On another note, Business Class kit bags are offered on flights over 3 hours 30 minutes that depart between the hours of 22:00 to 05:00 and on all flights over 9 hours regardless of the departure time. However, certain toiletry items are available in the lavatories for the comfort of our passengers and may also be requested from our cabin crew. I regret that you did not enjoy our product offering as much as we would have liked.
  It was a round trip with Emirates from Delhi to Dubai and antagonistic experience in both journeys. Ground staff at Dubai was very rude and unhelpful whereas in India the check in was way easier despite of huge rush. We were stuck and struggling for self check in (which we were guided again and again by the limited staff available) and finally after half an hour when our check in baggage got stuck on the belt and we again have to helplessly ask for help for which the lady at the counter replied us to wait for 2-3 minutes. After 10 minutes when nobody turned up my husband reminded the same lady at the counter that we need help to which she replied I am on some other report and we should proceed towards manual counter. We were shocked! My husband reminded her that our baggage is stuck to which she responded with irritation and called some technical staff to provide our baggage. Then we proceeded towards manual counter where again with technical glitches our check in was done in half an hour when all our documents were properly in place. In short more than an hour to check in at Dubai airport with Emirates without rush whereas in India within an hour we were done with check in, security and immigration! My suggestion to the passengers travelling from Emirates please don't expect soft spoken and helpful staff specially at Dubai airport and have spare time in hand to bear with the glitches.
  There was no email communication or phone call until this email response about my lost baggage from 21 May flight (EK 0071). Even the Emirates bag tracker website I was told to check has no record the bag arrived. Once I figured out about my bag, and Paris Airport staff said your bag is still in Sydney. Rubbish, expenses again and again, after 1 week  the Paris Emirates staff email me: Sir your bag is here in Paris. I was not in Paris already. I was in Amsterdam. I collected my bag prior my home flight from Paris to Sydney EK 074 - 4 June 2022.
  Having upgraded to Premium Economy on arrival at the airport there was no designated check-in. No Priority boarding, No pre fight drinks offered, no enhanced meal service, no separation of section resulting in long queues for the bathroom from others in Economy. On arrival into UK no priority baggage collection. As a frequent traveller of this service with other airlines the offerings from Emirates fall severely short. Its a shame as the seat was comfortable and if all the missing elements were there would convert me to continue to use Emirates airlines for all my travelling requirements. I hope that these offerings will be addressed in the very near future as I felt a little cheated by paying for the upgrade with no real enhancement of service apart from a seat!
 The worst, simply the worst. Flight attendants do not provide any service at all. Their info online contradicts what employees in airport are implementing. Headphones have an old plug so nothing fits but cheapest given. No human approach, no compassion, no apologies. Just everyone feels you owe them not the opposite. Bumped me with the child to next day regardless of the info online, them stick me in the last row seat since I "gave them trouble", plus I did not have any time to purchase new seats for the next flight. Connection was 5 hrs when tickets were initially purchased, at the flight time became 17 hrs layover. Cheapest in everything. 
 MXP-JFK-MXP in F. I found a solid product and comfort on board but service from the staff was just OK. There is a lack of personal touch throughout the whole flight experience from check-in procedure that was very cold both ways to the inflight mode. I always felt like an economy class pax on the ground both at check-in and in the lounge both in Italy & USA. Far different from what you feel flying QR in business for instance. Return flight on A6-EEA was disappointing because the aircraft was showing his age: my suite was completely worn out, sliding doors broken. EK should pay attention to this details and make sure everything is renewed especially in premium cabins where there is too much difference between aircraft to aircraft for A380's in their fleet. The food was very good quality in both legs. JFK-MXP flight was below average because of the service that was either too slow for the main meal or too rushed during breakfast. Shower SPA: both ways good experience the bathroom is huge with plenty of amenities and this is the real plus rather than the shower itself. Overall I think business class is the only product that worth the premium price for EK.
  Emirates services are getting worse day by day, I had my flight from Dubai to New York where i had my connecting flight for Nassau, which they changed the time and destination to Newark. The bag drop counter was closed, so I had to take all my luggage to the counter of JetBlue to checkin. When I reached Jet blue the attendants were not helpful at all said the counter is closed and my flight departure times has been changed from 7am to 10am. And they are unable to take my luggage and won't provide any accommodations that I should take my complaints to emirates counter. Emirates ground staff refused to help said I should contact customer service. As I did not have a USA number I had to use my roaming services to call Emirates customer service, after 45 mins being on call i was told that they cannot help and I need to contact ground staff of Emirates. When I went back to Emirates ground staff they said they can't do anything as it was their closing time. Not to mention my flight from Ewr to Nassau also kept getting delayed. I was stranded at the airport as I was not able to arrange a hotel because by the time I could finish all this run around and phone calls it was almost midnight. The only option to eat was dunkin donuts. Worst part was both Jetblue which was affiliated with Emirates and staff of Emirates did not showed any regrets. They cared less if I was being helped or directed. I bought my ticket from the website of Emirates and this was my worst experience ever. I will always avoid flying with this airline.
  Rules are rules only if applied consistently. I travelled for a family death with only a carryon from Lax on Tues, 24th May, no problems. At Cochin on my way back on Sun, 29th May, they wouldn’t allow my carryon citing allowance limit. Didn’t have a second bag and had to carry my laptop and electronics in a duty free bag to LAX. Happy to comply with rules, but they can’t and shouldn’t be discriminatory. LAX and COK can’t have different rules for the same tickets and airlines. Many passengers in economy from COK were in violation of the number of carryons and weight limit as stated on the tickets. This was my first Emirates flight in many years and kind of reminded me why I prefer Qatar Airways / Singapore Airlines.
  I had a flight to London Heathrow on EK007 on 25/05/2022 at 2.30am from Dubai. Reached airport 3 hours before and followed all proceedure till reaching the flight, also the seat was booked myself and paid extra for that. Nevertheless when I reached at flight EK007 my mom seat was under repair and technician was still working on it to fix due to seat mechanism was not working and again i had to wait for another 10 minutes in the flight but still it was not fixed and moving front and back without button. I  had to survive 7 hours with it. Informed flight attendant but only one apology, was not enough instead of upgrading or finding another seat. My experience was not at all good.
  This flight was Emirates back to its very best. Great service from the cabin crew, who were attentive, but also had a great sense of humour and seemed to be genuinely enjoying the flight. A light breakfast was served after departure from Dubai, with fresh fruits and breads. Lunch served about 2 hours before arrival into LHR. My wife and I chose the Fish tahta as a main course. This was roasted Kingfish in spicy rice, really tasty and generous portion. The Emirates Bar is a great feature on the A380 and we enjoyed a cocktail and a laugh and joke with the cabin crew. This really adds to the travel experience and is one of the features which makes travelling with Emirates a pleasant experience.
  Check In was quick and easy. Fast track security is offered for travellers in Business and First Class. Emirates use the Air Mauritius Les Salons Amedee Maingard lounge, which is ok but not the standard of a typical Emirates Lounge. Flight boarded and departed on time. As this is an overnight flight Emirates serve a dinner service soon after take-off. I had the Chicken Biryani, which was OK. Unfortunately for my wife, who was being served from the other aisle, their system failed and they forgot to serve my wife’s main course. Although very apologetic by the time they realised their mistake it was already getting late so my wife went without and just had the desert! Not ideal. Otherwise the flight was OK and landed on time into Dubai.
  Miserable 6 hrs at Dubai thanks to Emirates. Took flight from JFK New York, with an hour delay, which caused missing my connecting flight which had 1:20 layover at Dubai but ended up with the next flight with 6 hrs hours wait at Dubai. Emirates had given us 'Food voucher' which could buy you a soup and water for 6 hrs wait at Dubai airport. Finally got on the next flight, not so impressive food but nice crew service though.
  EK202 was delayed from JFK to pax annoyance, as a result missed connecting flight which I chose to have 1:20 hrs layover but now I'm waiting for almost 6 hrs at DXB. Other reasons, I was assigned different seat at JFK while I had pre-booked another one. Food wasn't impressive, Qatar Airways had better food a few weeks earlier on the same route, Crew was great. Full disclosure, at DXB a staff members waited near plane exit to direct passengers, handing new Boarding Pass and food vouchers. I'm still waiting for the next flight, and haven't checked airport voucher food yet (hope it won't restrict me to a Big Mac or some).
  Flight was redirected to Melbourne instead of Sydney and emirates left all passenger in Melbourne Airport on chairs for more than 6 hours. Emirates did not even provide food or hotel or even gave clear time when we will be traveling back to Sydney (Original Destination). Emirates service used to be a lot better. Will never ever use Emirates. I guess Emirates reach to a point that they do not care about their passengers.
  
Even though the flight was at 02-35 the Business Class lounge at the A gates was quite busy with limited seating. The bonus was boarding direct from the lounge. My seat was 14E was quite comfortable and the cabin crew offered supplementary mattresses. Passed on the initial meal service on this overnight flight. Breakfast was served prior to landing in Mauritius. Fruits were nice, I then tried the omelette, which was not brilliant. Flight landed on time and bags delivered promptly.
 Our first flight since the pandemic. Check in at LGW was quick and efficient. Made our way to the Emirates lounge as we had a couple of hours to spare. Service was good in the lounge and after about 15 minutes they served a hot lunch. The Goan Chicken Curry was pleasant. Flight boarded and departed on time. My wife and I had seats 14E and 14F which are ideal for a couple travelling together. At the time of travel masks were mandatory, Emirates provided spare masks and sanitizer. The food service on Emirates used to be quite drawn out but with the new system they take the meal selection from the passengers on a hand held device and it seems to be delivered in quite an efficient manner. I chose the Arabic Mezze, which was very tasty followed by the Beef Tenderloin, which was also good. Good choice of wine available. Emirates only serve one meal on the flight from Gatwick to Dubai, which we found to be sufficient. Snacks and sandwiches are available at any time, either delivered to your seat or from the bar. Overall a very good flight with Emirates.
 Superb service from Emirates. I had to cancel my flight due to illness only 2 weeks before departure and phoned the Lisbon office. After pressing 2 buttons I was talking to a rep after less than 2 minutes. Much to my surprise, for a base ticket, he said I was entitled to a refund and sent me a refund form. Nothing arrived for a month so I again phoned and the mistake I had made in completing the refund form was explained and another sent. After only 2 weeks a partial refund for 'no show' was credited to my account and when I queried why 'no show' for a cancellation I received an apologetic mail confirming full refund which duly arrived after only 10 days. This compares with Ryanair who will fight tooth and nail to avoid any, even legitimate, refund. Guess where my loyalties will lie in future - Emirates!
  A business trip from Sydney to Zurich and then back to Brisbane, code share with Qantas. Things that impressed me included the superb food and wine on all sectors (incl a nice printed menu and wine list), the wonderful Emirates First Class Lounges in Dubai (especially their prime lounge), the speedy and efficient boarding and the good cabin crews. Not so good was trying to get to a toilet in the middle of the night and having to make my way past lots of drunken passengers filling the bar area at the back of the A380 - which is also the area where the toilets are. I suggest this Lounge area could be made a barista coffee lounge instead (as much as I like a glass of wine). All flights pretty much on time. Compared with a recent Singapore Airlines business flight, Emirates were ahead in the food and wine area.
  Only the second time I choose to fly Emirates, so I will not make a fast decision as to use this airline again or not. But I have to say that in all the years I have been flying business, the CDG - DXB sector was a complete disgrace. From the chaotic boarding in Paris when all first and business class passengers were held at the gate for 25 minutes (apparently for no reasons except that some sort of VIP showed up at some point and cut the line), without so much as an announcement from the person in charge. Once everyone was on board, the first announcement from the captain was about an hour delay in getting a takeoff slot. As we pushed back, their APU went out, no lights and aircon and back to the gate. Then some very vague information from the flight deck on some repairs being done, and another slot waiting time. Anyway the whole deal lasted 3 hours. Ok, that is a technical problem, it happens and that is the way it is. What bothered me during the whole time was the complete disdain of the cabin crew for the passengers. As a matter of facts, most of them seemed to enjoy the delay and were having some very long and loud conversations with some apparent friends in the aisles. The flight finally took off. And this is when the cabin crew showed its complete inability to handle the most basic service. Absolutely no care for the passengers, and except for some meal served in a hurry (during which I actually had to beg for a glass of wine previously ordered ) we only got to see them once in a while during the whole 7,5 hours. I want to think that this was a bad timing, or else. On the other end, the second leg of the flight from DXB to Moscow was excellent, and I actually found out how much was missing on the first leg then: Friendly and helpful cabin crew, good service. After all this is what we ask for in a flight! My rating will be below at 5/10. Zero for first leg, 10 for second leg.
  The return flight was canceled without notice from Sunday To Saturday. I paid premium to be on Sunday flight and after a month pass by they changed my Return flight to Saturday, the day before which I didn’t know about. And they wanted to charge me another $700 to put me back on the flight. I decided To go Back in hotel and stay another day and this time I book my flight with Qatar Airways which is only 20 hours duration versus 37 hours.
  I am retired and fly frequently. Couple days ago (May 5), I went to Tehran Int. Airport (IKA) to travel to U.S.A. When I arrived at the Emirate ticketing counter in order to obtain my boarding pass, I experienced a bad situation which I have never had with any other airlines. The ticketing lady had a very bad attitude told me to show her my Covid test result which I did, then asking for Vaccination card that I responded that I am USA citizen and there is no need to have this card, which she started talking loud and being so rude, finally I found my card and passed it to her. After that I was glad that the issue was resolved and now she would process my luggage. I was wrong. She laid back at her chair and doing nothing. Finally I said to her this checking takes long time, please process my luggage. At the end I went to her team leader and explained her behavior. I am sure that the leader would not do anything to correct his group attitudes, because all of them are the same and they do not know any better, but I am sure that Emirates will lose more customers as times pass. From now on, I will broadcast and pass this bad experience to my friends and relatives and telling them not to fly with Emirates.
 They cancelled my initial flight from KHI to DXB and rebooked the flights which ended up me having 15 hours layover in Dubai. KHI-DXB, check in was friendly, flight was on time, clean plane, food was outstanding for a flight not even 2 hours long, crew was very friendly and attentive. Blankets and extra pillow were given. Landed in Dubai, went to the Dubai connect desk as it says on their website that if you have more than 10 hours layover, Emirates will provide you accommodation, at the desk, the guy was rude and straight up said Karachi office should have booked you earlier (Karachi office is the one that told me to contact Emirates at Dubai as they have no authority to book anything with Dubai Connect) and I was also told that even a prior booking was made, it would have been cancelled because accommodation is only available for passengers who bought tickets worth more than $1000 USD. Then I went back to the connection desk, explained the whole situation all over again, guy at the desk started blaming me that I am the one who chose to have a longer layover so it's not Emirates problem, he kept ignoring that key information that "Emirates is the one who cancelled the flight from KHI to DXB, not me". I have to admit, I became a Karen when he told me Emirates can't offer you anything, no compensation no food, nothing for a 15 hours layover. I refused to listen to him any further and demanded to see a manager right away, he ran back and got the manager at the desk, manager was extremely polite and apologetic, instructed to hand me over 2 meal vouchers immediately (previously I was told Emirates do not have any meal voucher offers etc, so that was the lie). So guys, if you want to be treated fairly by Emirates, you gotta fight hard. DXB to CDG, flight was on-time, full. Crew was very attentive, plane was spotless, food was disgusting. They served feta cheese sandwiches, they were absolutely inedible and were freezing cold as well that it hurts you teeth. Then the lights were switch off so it was good sleep with enough legroom. Breakfast was served an hour before landing and main hot breakfast was inedible as well, fruit portion was fresh but the bread roll was so cold that I couldn't slice or bite it (should learn from Turkish, they serve soft warm rolls). I have also noticed many people didn't eat the hot portion of the breakfast. I have to give a shout-out to one particular crew member, she handled the situation very well when she was yelled at by a grumpy middle age man when she asked him, if he would like to have a breakfast, he started yelling at her that "no, I'm sleeping, can you see, stop yelling into my ears". Honestly I wanted to intervene but there was no need to as she handled it quite well but I can tell, he kinda ruined her day.
  Emirates has been using the 777 to serve HKG ever since the start of the pandemic, it used to be the A380. The 777 has a strange business class configuration of 2x3x2. Who wants to be the unlucky fellow to sit in the middle of the 3, paying premium price? The service is OK but not great either. Food was as bland as ever, the seat is really narrow and uncomfortable. OK for a short to medium haul flight up to about 6 hours, anything longer than that would be an ordeal. Still, one redeeming grace is that, they sell this short leg at a very attractive price, so that is acceptable.
  Flight was full. They forced me to check in my single piece of hand luggage while hundreds of other passengers carry in their 2 pieces. No process of asking customers for checking in their carry-ons, but they just randomly forced me.
 Ok, I have not even started my journey yet and they cancelled my Karachi - Dubai flight, re-booked me (without even consulting with me) and I ended up with a new booking which means, instead of landing in Paris at 9am in the morning, I will be landing at 2pm. I have booked this trip in Jan, already paid for a domestic flight from Paris to Lyon that departs from Paris at noon on a same day I land there. Called Emirates, explained them the whole situation, even sent them a receipt of 100 euro plane (non-refundable) ticket I have already bought from Paris to Lyon, all they said, sorry, but that's not our problem if you gonna miss your connecting flight to Lyon. I kept on insisting that I must take the original schedule flight from DXB to CDG as planned so they must fix it. After a long argument, I am good to fly but with 15 hours layover at Dubai. I asked them for an accommodation through Dubai connect program, they refused to book anything or even provide a meal voucher (like Qatar Airways) reasoning that I am the one choosing to not to fly to Paris on immediate available connection, therefore, no accommodation or food for you. Their telephone rep people are so rude (not the Karachi one, Dubai helpline), literally telling me they don't care if I'm going to miss my connecting flight and that's not Emirates headache. Will provide an update on this journey once I will land in Paris. Stay tuned.
  Friends, do yourself a favor and do not book with Emirates. They are extremely unreliable and will cancel your flight at last minute. We flew from Chicago to Dubai to Amman and they ended up canceling our flight from Dubai to Amman. They rescheduled us for the next flight with a 18 hour layover with a 2 year old. We ended up needing to push our flight one day which made us lose precious time with our family that we haven’t seen in 3 years. Then our flight home from Amman to Dubai to Chicago, ended up being canceled again and now we are trying to change it because I have my sisters wedding the next day. I may be forced to miss it because of emirates irresponsibility to keep flights as they are when you book. Also, the food is horrendous and give no vegetarian options, I had to survive off the snacks I bought before hand and what the flight attendants gave me. I had to wait on hold for 2 hours to speak to someone for a cancellation they made. Save yourself the headache and avoid Emirates . I wish I did. You have lost a customer for life. Never flying with them again.
 On reading all the post COVID reviews of Emirates, I need to take a contrary stance to all the complaints and mumbles. It was my first Emirates experience in 3 years, and as far as I was concerned nothing had changed, apart from the boarding procedure in Dubai which was nothing short of shambolic - but that is the airport, not the airline. As a direct result of the ineptitude of the gate staff we pushed back 1 hour 20 mins late. No matter. The service was friendly and efficient - nothing was too much trouble - and the food and drink really good. One doesn’t often have memorable meals on board any aircraft (preparation of same must be trying in the extreme), but the lunch served was top notch. A bonus in business class on board an A380 is the on board bar area, once again, service was excellent. I had a thoroughly enjoyable experience and look forward to my next Emirates experience.
  Purchased online extra leg room seats (weeks before) my flight. 150$ each way. (300$) Not only did I not get my seats, they refuse to reimburse my money. They claim I was ineligible for the seat (yet I was charged online?). They claim I was informed at check-in that I wasn’t eligible for the seat (lie) not informed at check-in. I had informed the cabin attendant my seat was wrong and that I paid extra money for my seat (and showed her my printed paperwork). They weren’t concerned. I looked at my original seat and someone else was seating in my seat. They charge me for a seat I didn’t get, then RE-SOLD my seat to someone else. I was traveling with a group and the same thing happened to my co-traveler. They’re stealing customers money! Do not buy X-leg room seats!
  Bad behaviour by staff. Started heckling me because I could not hear the announcement at JFK. Same happened when I was flying from Dubai to New York last week. I pulled my mask down to ask for water while being seated window side, and the crew started questioning me why have I pulled my mask down. Rest during 13hrs of flight time from Dubai to JFK, I could find half of the people sleeping without masks.
  The flight commenced boarding 20 minutes prior to departure time. The gate lounge was jammed full with no space to sit or stand. A small boy vomited on the floor in the gate area. I informed an Emirates ground agent to call a cleaner and was given a blank stare. Passengers walked through the vomit and no clean-up was done. Boarding was unorganized with no sense of order. The aircraft pushed back approximately two hours after departure time. An announcement was made by a pilot stating the delay was due to 'baggage handling technical problems.' The digital menu was not working. I asked a cabin crew what was on the menu, and they stated to ask another crew member. Toilets were not clean and were smelly. I requested a drink in the galley from a cabin crew and he pointed to cups and a bottle of water and said 'get it yourself.' Cabin temperature was freezing cold. The seat was comfortable. Baggage arrived on two separate baggage carousels in SYD. This made baggage collection complicated and confusing. Overall, a comfortable flight but nothing special. I have had better on-time performance, service, and cabin cleanliness from low cost carriers.
  The service we received from Valerie was was exceptional. Service with a smile. Coffees made with a smile. Sparking wine, cheesecake and a rose for our special occasion and print out photos on the plane. I will like to take the opportunity to publicly thank Valerie.  It was a pleasure to fly with Emirates. Thank you Valerie. Thank you Emirates. Our flight was on March 23, 2022 - JHB to DXB (EK)775.
 Well it seems a post-Covid Emirates is a very different airline and a different experience to beforehand. The previous high quality service, little touches that made you feel a valued customer and friendly attendants onboard are all gone, vanished. Instead they've replaced this with grumpy attendants who don't pay attention to the customer, little things like noticing a low drink and filling it up before you have to ask, welcoming returning loyal customers - these are the things you pay for with Emirates and in Business class, now it might as well be a long Ryanair flight. They have lost all the caring aspects that gave them an edge, if you are going to fly to the middle east then use Qatar or even Turkish. Their seats are still comfy as anything, I'll give them that.
  The day before I was scheduled to fly back to the states, I tested positive for covid. I called Emirates and they said I would be unable to fly back but that they could keep my ticket and place it on hold. When I went to change the date to fly back, they made me pay the fare difference. In this case, the cheapest fare difference I could get within a two week period was $400. How an airline can you charge you for getting covid is insane. I’m so disappointed and upset. Their customer service team on the phone was awful. I will never fly with Emirates again after this experience. I didn’t ask for covid, and got financial punished for it.
 First Emirates flight ever. Food was served on a tray mis sized to the seat tray so difficult to keep in place. Food was hot but otherwise tasteless. Food for special orders is served 15 to 30 minutes before beverage cart comes by so only water on tray available to consumer. I paid extra for better seats but given the service and noise environment, it probably was a waste. Cabin is drafty, video headsets do not fit anyone, noise during my flights (esp. to SEA) was excessive. Airline does not address selected and/or comfortable seating for passengers with infants. Four infants on my flight were training talk show hosts as their lungs and screams lasted the entire 15 hour flight to SEA. The plane was full and staff gave little concern for passengers. On arrival in SEA the airline took forever (1.5 hours) to get luggage to customer even though I had a first class luggage tag on my one bag. Onward booking by airline had incorrect boarding info for ongoing flight and barely made the connection. Cannot imagine what others waited and how many missed connections. Yes, SEA is an airport to avoid for customs and general connection flights. But airline is responsible for getting luggage unloaded and Emirates failed customers but staff luggage was first off and first picked up. I will never fly Emirates ever. The problems were not a full plane or infants, the problem was the airline treating their customers like cattle and not taking action to address an unrestful environment.
  This was the worst experience that I've ever had with any company. My flight from NY to Dubai was delayed. After arriving late to Dubai for my connection flight to Male, I was informed by Emirates staff to go to luggage claims to get my luggage for my next emirates flight to Male. My luggage never came through after 40 mins. I informed an Emirates employee and they claimed that my luggage was already loaded onto my next flight. Upon going through customs, I missed my flight, so I was stuck in Dubai. I was forced to wait in 3 different long lines for a total of 5 hrs, just to be told that because I was a no show, I had to pay a $1200 fee. I informed the Emirates representative of what happened and they became rude and walked away. After 5 hrs I was able to speak to someone who understood situation and got me a next morning flight for my destination of Male. Upon receiving my new flight I was stranded in the airport for 17hrs before my 2:30am flight. On my original flight I paid for a extra legroom seat, but on the rescheduled flight I was forced to sit in a standard seat that really hurt my legs. After taking the grueling flight to Male, my luggage never came. I reported the incident to Male airport staff and they started an investigation for my luggage. I finally was able to take a transfer to maldives, but without any clothes or luggage. This entire situation ruined my vacation because this was over the weekend. So I'm at a resort with no change of clothes, and no toiletries. Emirates airlines turned my dream vacation into a nightmare. I will never fly with Emirates again with the rude, disrespectful employees.
  Lost an item on the plane and the staff were very incompetent and nonchalant, did not go the extra mile which these airlines market themselves on. The supervisor was inept and repetitive throughout the process and the captain who was also present in the discussion came across as if he was in a military arbitration. All in all very dissatisfied and won’t be flying with them again.
  My nine-month-old daughter and I had a trip with Emirates in February 2018, and for my daughter's convenience, I paid extra to go and sit in the front row seat, but during the flight, the flight attendant took my and my daughter's luggage and put it in the last cabin of the plane, which was very difficult for me. I was going and picking up the things my little daughter needed and I was very annoyed but they did not pay attention and when I got off the plane I was the last passenger to get off because I was waiting for them to take my luggage from the bottom of the plane and give it to me and my daughter. It was my last trip with this airline.

  We were eligible for Dubai connect service wherein we would be accommodated for the duration of our 9 hour transit in Dubai if we have a connecting Emirates flight. I was travelling for the first time with my newborn and with covid being stressful enough and all the paperwork required to travel, Emirates whipped up a whammy by not arranging for me transit visa even after I organised this a month in advance as directed by Emirates Dubai connect. Their incompetence gave me a hard time travelling with my baby who was very tired after a long flight and since we trusted Emirates notifications, we got to the airport desk to find out our visas were not organised and had to wait 2 hours in the airport for this. I could have easily paid for my visa weeks in advance and had a hassle free experience but even with repeated enquiries with Emirates customer service, I was told the visa was complimentary and not to worry about it. Truly horrifying experience and they never managed to compensate their messing up with anything. I had to pay for my airport hotel stay as we were not willing to wait two hours for just visa processing and then going out of the airport for their complimentary stay. Also, the fact that Dubai airport is so huge makes things more difficult with a baby to be walking a lot. All in all, very bad experience and would not recommend Emirates.
  The crew in the plane were courteous and smiling. Not the same for their ground counterparts. It was during Covid and they served your needs according to your passport. I had a 13h layover in Dubai. They refused to let me use their lounge. Interestingly enough, my friend who was flying with an American passport was given accommodation within the airport. He had a 10h layover unlike me who had 13. The said crew would served you according to the passport you were flying with. Unbelievable humans. I’m never flying Emirates. They made me feel less than!
  I was flying Emirates out of Houston on 29th November 2021 and i had purchased extra luggage. When i got there i was told it was per piece not per KG and i had to pay more. i agreed and tried to give them cash, they refused and insisted that i must pay by credit card which i did not have, eventually an argument ensued and their assistant mgr came and instead of resolving the conflict, he told me not to board the flight and i left. I have been asking for my refund from Emirates and they said i did not meet their conditions of carriage because of an argument.  I was perplexed and i have been asking for my refund and they provided no proof whatsoever to back up their claims.  I am still asking for my money or a new ticket from Emirates. Customer Affairs asked me to contact their security which i did and the security said it had nothing to do with them. They were essentially giving me the run around instead of being professional. The agent asked me to go ahead and claim a refund for the unused sector which i did but was denied, i have sent her multiple mails and she does not respond to emails or calls. Emirates customer affairs are extremely unprofessional. Emirates is not a good airline and their service is sub-par at best. 
  What a pity this well funded airline is so poorly managed. Food is very mediocre (chicken tikka masala with rice on both legs of my journey inbound and outbound!) and planes are tired. The food service comes on a night flight after 3 hours when people are asleep. Today I have been waiting for over 2.5 hours for luggage in Heathrow london. These glitches can happen but there is not a representative in sight. Customer service needs some retraining. Passenger in wheelchairs, kids all falling asleep on the halted conveyor belt, and still no help from Emirates.
  I have flown Emirates for 30 years and have found them always to a decent standard however this flight was a touch sub par, my seat 7B was broken and did not fully lie flat and given this was a night flight of 6 hours not a good start. The crew were very pleasant and attentive but one passenger was on a cellphone and largely reclined until take off and I had to ask crew to silence him, on landing he refused to wear a mask to cover fully his face and another passenger complained and I asked a steward to intervene. Otherwise an ok flight.
 EK020, 26/01, Evening flight, easy good check-in but soon became aware afternoon flight had been cancelled so they were amalgamating flights. A380 gate at MAN is always hard work but this was totally chaotic with ground staff failing to get a grip. We queued for 20 mins to board but found we were in the wrong queue, the one to get reallocated from the cancelled flight. This was because staff failed to tell anyone what was going on. 90 mins late we took off, full flight. It was ok but the number of babes in arms crying meant no sleep, food was the usual but due to being full it was slow. On arrival we were all herded without announcement for an additional no option PCR test which was also chaotic, although it was free. Return flight EK19 on 10/02 was better serviced, on time and food was better but yet again the crying babes meant no sleep whatsoever. Bottom line is the A380 gate at MAN is still not fit for purpose and because of the popularity of those with very young children we won't be rushing back.
  Flight EK073. Extremely pleasant experience. Super friendly staff, especially flight attendant name Kylarah and Lithuanian flight attendant.
  My family was flying from Male to Dubai and it was our worst flight ever. At the beginning everything was ok but when the plane took off they put AC on and it got extremely cold. As we and many other people on this plane were flying from hot country to hot country nobody was thinking to put on any warm clothes, the only one thing that was helping everyone were the blankets. I did inform the flight attendant twice but they didn’t do anything with that. Maybe there are some areas on the plane where it is not that cold but they didn’t offer us any help though we had a baby and baby was cold. We fly a lot and such situation has never ever happened to us. Crazy freezing flight. The company doesn’t care about the costumers. Service was not good as well. From now on will choose any other options not to get this experience again with the Emirates.
  Highly recommend. Cabin staff great, friendly and pleasant. Always smiling. Bathrooms cleaner than my own. Seat fine though after 13 hours they got hard! Food fine. Pizza welcome and tasty. On time and baggage came quickly. Took good care of my walker. Amenity kit nice to have. Great entertainment.
  I booked a return flight from Zurich to Johannesburg. Emirates advertised on their website that tickets are flexible (due to COVID) and can be changed or cancelled at anytime without any additional cost. My return flight got cancelled due to COVID and I requested a refund so I can book a flight home with another airline. Not only did they refund only about 20% of the price I paid but they also didn't refund my miles I used for this flight. In my opinion this is very misleading advertising. It is also the third time within a year where Emirates has disappointed and not lived up to their promises.
  We had the most horrific experience with Emirates travelling from Spain to Sydney. Our flight was delayed by an hour from Barcelona. We let the crew know multiple times that we had a connection to catch. They told us not to worry, there'll be ground crew waiting for us once we land and will make sure we don't miss our connection. But #Emirates had already cancelled our next flight after an hr into our seven 7 hr flight, this was 6 hrs before landing. Once we landed there was no crew waiting so we ran to catch the connection until mid-way the #Emirates personnel appeared telling us about the cancellation. They're rude and ignorant to the fact that we were sleep deprived, tired and could not grasp why no effort was made to make up for the 1 hour delay or contact the ground crew. Also both my partner & I had picked up a cold virus (not Covid, got the negative PCR) and felt horrible. We were both feverish, barely managing to speak and the crew treated us poorly. First they gave us seats far away from each other twice. I couldn't understand how they could make the same mistake twice. Second they told us we can't get the exit row seat, we'd paid extra for. They told me, it wasn't their responsibility to refund the money and I should request if from Emirates.  I just requested that we wouldn't be seated near any small babies and they said fine. They kept telling us to collect our luggage, but with the condition my partner and I were in and the fact that my feet had already started swelling up, it was impossible. So we said no. Since no one was helping and it was 3 am, we thought to go and check in to our hotel & sleep. We were already at our limits but thought we make the best of it, go visit the Dubai Expo and all. But things just started getting worst. We were in nightmarish state until we got home. We had to walk for an hour to get to the shuttle that would take us to the hotel. The Emirates crew at the Airport entrance couldn't help us with Expo tickets, cause they didn't care. We had been given one meal voucher per person for 24 hours. And the hotel had no amenities. After multiple arguments, the meal problem was fixed, which wasn't that useful cause the quality of the food was so bad that all the passengers in the hotel were ordering deliveries. We'd to go and buy clothes, toothbrush, deodorant, etc for ourselves which was a waste of money. The hotel couldn't even be rated at 2 stars and there was always at least one person arguing and shouting with the staff and complaining. We survived the whole ordeal and got to the plane to find couple of things that we were assured were fine, were actually not. We ended being seated beside a baby that cried for 10 hours of our flight without exaggeration, there were empty seats at the end of the plane, they just didn't bother to check for us. I did ask for a change of seat at the gate and in flight and every time I was told there were no empty seats. We arrived at Syd airport in a chaotic situation to collect our luggage. They'd given the wrong belt, so everyone spent an hour at luggage collection. 
  They canceled my return flight without offering any alternative flights or a refund. I had to book another flight last minute (less than 24 hours from my departure) to get back home. Their customer service number had this message “due to the high volume of calls, we cannot take your call right now”.
  Our flight from Amsterdam to Dubai was delayed and we missed our second flight because of that. In the airport, they offered us a new ticket and we had to stay in the airport overnight. The airport was not suitable for a family stay, and we could not use the lounge with a economy ticket. The airport staff were rude and they did not do much to help. They gave us vouchers for dinner, but the restaurant that we went (Gallery) gave us the lowest quality of food with that voucher. Will never make a mistake like this again. The only positive thing was the little gift for my kid in the plane.
  I flew Emirates on Dec 14, 2021 from Houston to Dubai with a family of six. It was a horrendous experience for me and my family. The seats were extremely uncomfortable with no space to recline or move. The food was bad, tasteless. I will never fly emirates and i will advise you to do the same.
 I will not fly with Emirates again. My return flight was cancelled from Nairobi to USA via Dubai, due to rising covid cases. In all fairness the African Continent including Kenya has the lowest covid deaths in the world. To add insult to injury, I was only refunded 1/4 of the value of my return flight back to the USA. I had to rebook a one way ticket with another flight that cost me a fortune. I would not recommend anyone to use Emirates.
  Have flown all sections in business except rerun sector Dubai to Melbourne. Was on wait for upgrade found Dubai staff sell a passenger additional points and upgrade him even though I was waiting for points upgrade. Dubai staff are not the best and don’t seem to care Form now on will never recommend Emirates. Economy is packed liked sardines despite Covid. I would not trust their advertising.
  This was a poor experience from start to finish.  Arrived at the airport to find there was a four-hour delay to the flight. Emirates, however, did not check in bags so no one could go through security or otherwise move to an area with seats available (there were about 30 seats in the area for 200+ passengers). There was very little communication about what problem, if any, caused the delay. Ultimately, Emirates did begin check-in and then began a shuffle of repeated delays until, about seven hours later, Emirates cancelled the flight. Very little communication. "Maybe there will be a flight tomorrow." Called Emirates and no answer. Tried online chat without success. Ultimately turned to twitter to get rebooked (had onward flight). This in turn led to the agent trying to charge me an additional several thousand dollars because of fare differential between flying days. I pushed back hard on that, but got the sense Emirates simply sought to profit. Agent tried to put me on a flight in which I would miss my connection to a city served only once every five days by air. Emirates, unlike other airlines, won't book passengers on cancelled flights onto other airlines. Ultimately, Emirates added an additional flight the following day. Told us to get to airport four hours before, but then wouldn't check-in rebooked flight until two hours before so the two flights wouldn't get confused (why then have us in area with no seats and tell us to just stand there for several hours?). Onboard, seats were cramped. My child got a "kids meal" she didn't ask for which consisted of one burnt chicken nugget! Service was lackluster. I've flown more than two million miles on other airlines; Emirates was down near the bottom. Seems they are seeking to coast on their reputation but are no longer willing to do the bare minimum.
  Overall the experience was good while on the plane. However getting my luggage was a nightmare! I as well as almost all of the passengers had to wait for over one hour staring at the carousel for our luggage to come out. We landed on time and going through customs was very fast. Arrival was at about 9 pm, I was done with customs by 9:20 pm, BUT I had to wait at carousel 1 from 9:20 pm until 10:45 to get my luggage. Although Emirates may say that they're not responsible for what happens outside the airline, the passenger is charged a fee for going through Newark Airport, and therefore the airline is also responsible. One other issue which may seem unimportant, but it actually is very important: The entertainment is extremely difficult to use as I when I played a movie a radio station presenter came on with advertisements. Despite trying several times, I could not get it to go to movie sound mode. Ground service I place a one star as I said earlier, Emirates is also responsible for the huge delay of not only my, but almost all of the passenger's luggage.
  After a nightmare of a start to our family, due to the COVID centre doing the incorrect test (after we asked them) - Emirates came to the rescue! Farad who helped us get in the next flight out at no extra charge and prioritised our boarding. I was so impressed with the service after being super stressed along with the rest of the family. So a big thank you to all the ground team at Manchester.
  Impossible to reach the customer service: the only phone line in Australia is always busy: no waiting, no call you later option, simply busy line. Gave up after trying calling 10 times and had to cancel my tickets.
  I have booked a flight on Emirates and it clearly stated refundable / cancelable. due to covid cases and lockdowns I had to cancel the flight but unfortunately they did not refund me but instead issued airline credit which also expires. As I live in the UK I would only be traveling via Emirates if there is a stop over in UAE which is not the case. I contacted Emirates and they said sorry but this is the rule knowing it was clearly stated otherwise. I am really disappointed as I know Emirates is a big airline and other smaller airlines have refunded me for similar cases during this period. simply unacceptable
  I booked a return flight from Manchester to Kolkata and back with Emirates. On the way to Kolkata I missed the connecting flight and used a different flight to reach Kolkata. While at Kolkata, I tried to contact Emirates customer service. The Emirates office in Kolkata has been closed for a long time because of Covid so the only way to contact them was through phone. I have regularly called Emirates contact number and waited for hours to speak to an advisor. When I could not get through over the phone. I emailed Emirates twice. Although emails were acknowledged but never got any response back. On 5th December, I turned up at the airport for my return flight but I was refused boarding the return flight. Emirates customer service said that my flight was cancelled because I missed connecting flights. Emirates did not make any efforts to contact me or refund my booking. I went through lots of stress just because of Emirates terrible customer service.
  On November17 2021 when we were ready to depart from Dubai for DFW,  I asked supervisor to change my seat, she asked me to pay. I told her I am not asking upgrading. I told her Emirates is not like before it used to be and she said she will call the security. I am not fighting or screaming, why would you call Security? My friends told me Emirates is not like before and to travel Qatar Airways, but I didn't listen to them. I had old Emirates in my mind when I used to travel from Uk during 1990 until 2007.
  We booked a trip from London to Muscat and then Muscat to Dubai for a week before returning to the UK. Emirates left us stranded in Muscat Airport. They had cancelled the flight and not even notified us of this cancellation. They had just put us on another flight 40 hours later without telling us. We turned up to the airport and the flight did not exist. There was no help desk at the airport, their App was down and we couldn't get through to customer service in Oman or the UAE. We tried calling customer service in the UK, and were still not put through to anyone 40 minutes later. Bearing in mind, we were having to use our UK mobiles abroad. We had another British couple come up to us who hear our conversation and were going through exactly the same thing. I am over six months pregnant and this was meant to be a honeymoon for us because our original wedding and honeymoon were cancelled due to COVID. In the end we had to rent a car to drive over the border as there weren't any flights to the UAE for 12 hours and we did not want to spend the night in the airport when I was six months pregnant. We tried to complain in Dubai & we were told they couldn't do anything, we had to report it via the website upon completion of our full trip when we arrived back in the UK. I lodged a complaint & we have just received the below response, which takes no accountability and tries to pass the buck to FlyDubai. Firstly, they are part of the same group and secondly, we booked our tickets through Emirates & they took full payment for the whole itinerary. Therefore, we are their customer & we are nothing to do with FlyDubai. They offered us a measly 10,000 miles each, which costs them nothing & is completely worthless since their restructure of airmiles a few years ago. You need a min. 50-100K to upgrade. Emirates response: Thank for your correspondence and naturally, I regret to learn that you were affected by a schedule change and that you only found out when you arrived at the airport. I do appreciate the inconvenience you were caused, especially as I understand that you are pregnant. If I may explain that you booked a ticket which included two different airlines. Although there is a partnership, Emirates and FlyDubai are two separate companies and Emirates have no control over the operation of their flights and vice versa. In this instance, the schedule change occurred to your flight from Muscat operated by FlyDubai; whilst I am not aware why their proposed flight EK2033 on 5 November was removed from their schedules in advance of travel, I would like to explain that unfortunately, there are rare occasions when these cannot be avoided due to operational or commercial requirements, or other unforeseen circumstances. That being said, I note that you experienced difficulties when you tried to contact us and I would like to take this opportunity to apologise on behalf of Emirates, as well as our partner FlyDubai. Whilst we are unable to offer any reimbursement of expenses incurred as a consequence of a cancellation of a flight operated by another airline, I would suggest you contact your private travel insurers, as standard travel insurance policies usually cover such situations. Nevertheless, as a gesture on our part to apologise for the negative impression you have been left with on this occasion, I have credited 10,000 goodwill miles to both your Skywards accounts. Miss May, I do hope that you will continue to choose Emirates in the future.
 My flight 585 and subsequent 241 were a nightmare to me. I found Emirates service grossly poor and discriminatory, and full of mistakes and ignorance. My observations are below, and I am requesting Emirates to consider them seriously: 1) I found a few of the messages in Bengali are incorrect, attached one for your ready reference 2) No Bengali Entertainment at all, despite a lot of Bangladeshi people, travel through Emirates. (All Indian Regional Movies were there and even though Japanese) 3) Flight started after an hour late, and no announcement was made, and you failed to meet timeline, attached photo as a ready reference 4) No sound system was provided, and repeated requests were made to provide one but ignored 5) In-flight attendants were not responded to, while they were called several times by the passenger (I tried three times but no response) 6) Food options were not there and only asked to take what was available like either vegetarian or chicken 7) Disembarkation took very long, almost an hour, and no announcement made to inform passengers 8) The cleanliness of the cabin was not satisfactory at all 9) COVID-19 supplies were inadequate and discriminatory (No kit provided other than a hand sanitizer tube).
  Great and consistent service given by the crew, especially the steward serving the cabin from row 24 till 36. He helped with finding space in the overhead bins for cabin bags, was very friendly and motivated, and provided excellent service. During the entire flight he paid attention on passengers wearing their face mask, and made remarks to the ones not wearing it. In the past (before Covid19), I experienced some flights where service was lacking and unsatisfied, but this was a pleasant experience. Only negative point is the self check-in at Dubai Airport. People are guided to self check-in machines, also elderly and less frequent flyers, big families, and it takes very long time to have their check-in completed. Especially when they have excess baggage and already half of the bags have been send through. After completing check in, still have to queue up for passport and PCR verification at another Emirates desk, which makes the self check-in less convenient. Nevertheless great experience again.
  
We flew Emirates from Los Angeles (LAX) to Dubai to attend the Dubai Expo 2020. It's a long-haul flight -- the flight is about 16 hours -- but my wife and I enjoyed the flight, even with the extreme length. The coach seats were comfortable, with a good amount of leg room and the IFE had a wide variety of movies, TV, and audio to keep me occupied. The cabin stewards were friendly and seemed to enjoy their job which helped make the flight even better! I look forward to flying Emirates again.
 This was my first and worst experience to fly with Emirates. My previous flight going back to USA was business class and I was provided with a defective seat and I complained about it through their website. They did not bother to refund me for that trip. Coming back to Karachi there was a total lack of training and professionalism. The crew were rude and lacked time management. I am a frequent traveler and unfortunately it was the worst experience I had with this airline. I would never go again or recommend this airline.
  I need to cancel my flight, but I didn't receive the confirmation email and didn't know my reservation code. I wasted 3 phone calls only to wait 30+ minutes in total without reaching an operator. By chance, a reminder email contained the reservation code, so I request to cancel through their form. It's been more than a week and no reply has arrived yet. The flight date is near, so I'm trying to change the date, at least, to take time. But there are no options for the same price (it should be free of charge).
  My wife and I reunited in Seychelles in August 2021 after being separated by the pandemic. We had planned to return to the Philippines where she is a citizen. Upon checking in for our first flight with Emirates, the supervisor said I needed a visa since I was a USA citizen. We attempted to explain that Philippines allows a visa on arrival for foreign spouses traveling with their Filipino spouse under the Balikbayan program. We showed our original apostilled marriage certificate as proof. However, the supervisor stated their system did not list these other provisions. We attempted to show multiple IATF resolutions that the Balikbayan had been allowed for several months, but she stated their system was updated daily. We agreed to follow up during normal business hours since this was Friday night. When I asked for documentation regarding my offloading, the supervisor indicated she couldn't provide this and that I'd have to make an online complaint. We were able to confirm by phone and email from the Bureau of Immigration that I should be allowed entry with my wife. We then showed this documentation to different Emirates supervisors at the airport who expressed confusion as to why I was prohibited to board in the first place. They agreed to independently confirm with Emirates airport staff in Philippines and the airport immigration officials. After they did, the airport supervisors confirmed we could rebook our flights and I would be able to board. We incurred thousands of dollars of extra travel expenses while obtaining this confirmation. And our connecting airlines refused to refund us our tickets without documentation as to why I was prohibited to board. When I requested this documentation from the online complaint system, I did not receive a clear response about the matter for 10 days. And that response added that the Balikbayan program didn't apply to me since I wasn't a Filipino even though I had already provided them emails from the Philippines BOI and the Emirates airport staff confirming I should be allowed to travel. I spent the next month continuing to email, resubmit documentation, and call anyone at Emirates who'd listen without any success. I did not receive any corrected documentation about the offloading, any financial compensation or flight credits, not even an apology acknowledging their initial mistake! Each time they continued to cordially reiterate that they took "the matter seriously" and "have nothing further to add." International travelers, especially Filipinos, should beware flying Emirates! They're playing the role of immigration without the knowledge or authority to do so. The online complaint system for Emirates is a travesty of a mockery! You can only upload 2 documents at a time. And you can't make multiple submissions without waiting for Emirates to reply. A week or two later. There's no one you can talk to about matters like this by phone either! I asked to speak with supervisors and managers multiple times without any success. Each time they referred me to the (useless) online complaint system. I don't even know why they bothered to send me delayed replies. They didn't address any concern or ever explain why the airport supervisors could approve me to rebook and board but the online customer service could make say something completely different.
  Most staff are attentive and helpful except the cabin crew that I flew from Houston to Dubai, she refused to assist me with my luggage although she noticed I had some disability. My best experience was at KLIA Airport,  staff assist me, transport me with wheelchair until I complete all the screening process. He was professional, polite and caring, and patiently helped me until I was transfered to Quarantine Hotel. I was exhausted traveling almost 48 hours.
  A reliable and consistent service, despite flying during a pandemic. The flight left and arrived on time. The cabin was clean, cabin crew professional and friendly. The meals offer excellent portions for a short flight. 
  Following an incident of the flight being moved to the next day (which can happen and was an uncontrollable unfortunate incident). But, what was controllable, was the level of customer service. No customer should be told that they cannot rebook with another airline after an airline has breached they ticket contract or else they would not receive a hotel voucher. I believe this is the era of choice? The customer doesn’t put themselves in the unfortunate position of an airline being in breach of their airline ticket. And should a customer then choose another airline to reach their destination, the airline should know that the customer did not choose to have to rebook a flight. Nevertheless, the flight a customer chooses should be entirely up to them, given the option. Emirates should never try to hold people hostage after they mess up!  Customers should never be ridiculed for not choosing an airline they no longer trust. Emirates needs a serious training of their staff on customer service, or simply just learn the term, because what I experienced should just not be an experience anyone goes through.
  Customer service is rude. Food was rotten. Had a great connection flight but a few days before flight received an Email informing me that that my connection flight would be delayed 15 hours due to operational needs. Flying with 2 young boys a 2 and a 4 year old is a nightmare when you have to spend 15 hours for a connection flight. Also upon requesting a hotel room for the wait emirates refused. I'll never fly Emirates again.
 Never again on Emirates. The business class seats are narrower than those on EVA Air, Singapore and Qatar. They are also not real full-flat sleeper seats as they do not recline to 180 degrees. For a very large business class cabin seating 50+ it has two small, narrow, windowless lavatories. On this flight one of the lavatories flooded and remained so on the entire route. The wine selection was decent but the food was utterly inedible and honestly hideous to look at. All I could eat was the soup and it was heavily salted. I've had much better food in economy class of poorly rated airlines. Last and least, the entertainment system was difficult to operate. Was anything good? Yes, the staff was excellent and so was the car service. I take four or more international business class trips a year and have never encountered something worse than Emirates, both Newark to Athens and Athens to Newark.
  Nothing wrong with Emirates flights, it’s their customer service. I booked a flight few days back and today I received an email from them that they have change my flight booking with 27 hours of stay in Dubai which was only 3:45 hours. And now when I’m reaching out to them, they are not picking up any calls or not even showing up in their live chat. I was on call for 1:30 hour and no one showed up. Really have to say their customer services is very poor. 
  Space in the A380 economy class is great, the seat is pretty comfortable and soft. Low quality pillows and blankets were provided. Headphones are not great but better than in most other Economy class cabins. The crew is very friendly, professional and proactive. The catering experience was okay, nothing special. My expectations were a bit higher to be honest. WiFi is pretty cheap and was working fine. Check In process in DXB was a complete disaster - more than 1,5 hours of waiting time at checkin counter, pretty arrogant and unfriendly staff.
  I have been a skywards member with Emirates since 2012. But recently, when I took my pregnant wife to board the Emirates flight from Mexico City to Dubai with a stopover at Barcelona, they inform me that I cannot travel since I do not have a transit visa at Barcelona and it is mandatory to disembark at Barcelona. This was not the case earlier. Emirates Mexico team was sitting on this information for 2 months and have never updated to a passenger. They have my email id, contact number and still they don't bring up this requirement. My wife was travelling to India for delivery and everything was planned. Lack of information sharing by Emirates has brought so much of discomfort to me and my wife. Really bad from emirates.
  Emirates canceled tickets and did not propose anything on how to fly and did not make a full refund! If you use Emirates, you can stay without a ticket and without money. I had two tickets for this flight on 13 July. On 4 July, I was informed that Emirates had canceled the flight. I contacted Emirates customer services and asked about any alternative flight, and they answered that they could not do it. They proposed later flights on 16 July, but it was impossible for us because we had visas valid until 14 July. I told him about it. So, they suggested requesting a refund, I did it, but they refunded a small percentage of ticket costs. I had two two-way tickets that cost 800 USD each. They refunded 188 USD for one and 250 USD for another for one-way tickets. Then I knew that Emirates for such a canceled flight suggested Turkish airlines, but the customer service did not suggest this option for me.  I am very disappointed that Emirates canceled the flight and did not suggest how to fly from departure to the final destination. Besides, they refunded not the full amount of one-way ticket costs. I wrote feedback-complaint several times to Emirates, and they answered that the flights had been canceled according to the OAE government and could not help me. 
  First and hugest disappointment and shock happened when I opened application to add some information and found out that my family's return tickets were changed 10 days ago without notifying any of my family members by email, or text, or call. We got according to new tickets, that we had to stay in Dubai almost 3 days for connecting flight!!!! And I discovered it by chance! When I called to agent to fix this problem, she told me that I have to pay $1,000 extra because they do not have same class tickets, while it was not my choice to change travel dates. I had to go in person to ticketing agent to solve the problem with return tickets dates to be able to come back to work in time after vocation.  The ticketing agent said, that to be able to return on that date I will have to stay in Dubai 25 hours while on initial reservation it was 17 hours. I asked about a complimentary hotel and she tried but failed to book it in the system , and offered to do it later. On my way back to the USA in Dubai Emirates desk refused to give us free hotel and we had to spend 25 hours sitting in the airport. 
  The worst airline that I've ever used on every aspect. On my inbound trip from DFW to Beirut, they cancel my trip from Dubai to Beirut and booked me on a different trip with very long connection time. The refused to give me a hotel even though, they changed my flight. They keep many seats open and they don't allow anyone to use them but on the other hand, passengers are packed in some section of the plane. It is great way to spread COVID 19!. I will never use this airline again.
  Was travelling to Nairobi after undergoing treatment, at Indira Gandhi International Airport we get to the check-in and the people there are so rude. They shout at you to do this and do that. The customer service from Emirates in that Airport is terrible to say the least. Anyway we get there and the guy checking us in tells us our booking is unavailable, that we need to leave the line - no explanation no nothing! We came to learn later that UAE had a new fly rule regarding long layovers for passengers from India. Now I don't know if they knew that but an apology would have been considerate regardless. We did pay over $1500 dollars for that ticket after all. Mind you we even had the e-ticket from Emirates with the confirmation and everything. Honestly I get much better customer service riding an Uber at 1/hundredth of the cost. Super disappointed. 
  A big scam! For a family of five with a little child with us, spending nine hours at the airport was really a very bad experience. I booked my flight in April and I chose a three-hour connection for the august 13 trip from Tunisia to Bahrain. The eve of the flight, I found out that the flight has changed and the connection had been extended from three to nine hours. I spend more than one hour running with my kids and suitcases from one connection desk to another trying to get a lounge to spend the night but in vain. No one at the airport knew what they were doing. I finally went to the only hotel in the airport and to my surprise, we had to pay more than 3000UAE dirhams to stay overnight! Did I ask for my trip to be suddenly changed? Did I ask for my connection to be extended? Did the company notify me and provide me with a hotel room to spend the night with my kids? Who did you fly in the 2 am flight that we initially booked and paid for?
  We booked as a family our annual leave to our home country on 1st July, and they provided A380 where it was fully booked the boarding process took them long time leaving passengers in the middle of nowhere even families with small kids like our family we were suffering without any help from anyone of the airline. During airport procedures I was injured with a small finger cut so once we are in the air after switching off seat belts sign I pinched the attendant button, and for 40 min no one came, to the limit I went to attendants place to request band aid. I have a boy and a girl where one got served with kids food and the other not for 30 min till I stood up again and requested for the food, and the answer I was provided that “sorry the oven is broke”. I had to take the same airline traveling back to Dubai for some work and I hoped to have a different experience, once I approached the check in counter I was informed that the flight is delayed with 105 min, and the flight took off  Delayed more with 150 min.  I wrote to customer service to compensate such loss who took them 2 days to reply my complain explaining how they are aiming for best customer service and trying to be number 1 and by the end they told me nothing and no compensation. I still have 2 flights already booked with them and really this will be the last time I will think flying with such bad attitude and service.
  I've been flying Qatar airways all the times and this is the first time I use Emirates. I had a horrible experience. The food is really bad and the service is terrible. The staff are not helpful at all. Many seats are empty but they don't allow anyone to use them. They kept them empty the entire flight which was 16 hours. I will never use Emirates again.
  We had 3 hours delay in Los Angeles and when we arrived in Dubai our next flight were gone so we had to have 14 hours transit time in Dubai, but because we are green card holders the air line didn't send us to any hotel out side the airport and even they didn't send us to any hotel in the airport which was really unacceptable! Although they even didn't have any regret for such happening. That was my last trip by Emirates.
  Cabin crew were amazing, the flight from ORD to Dubai was great, the airplane was spotless, food was average, or below average but the economy seats and entertainment were above average. The flight from Dubai to Cairo was almost at equal standing, bathrooms were dirty most of the time though, the main problem that will prohibit me from recommending this airline to anyone is the experiences that I had with their ground crews in Chicago and in Dubai. Counter check-in and package drop off process overall with Emirates were the least efficient out there between the other lines that were checking in at the same time, needless to say that I spent almost 45-60 mins to finalize this step while the whole infamous TSA passport control process took less than 15 mins from start to finish on that busy day. When I finally made it to the check-in counter and I presented my Emirates compliant (not country-specific, Emirates ask for more than that) PCR test, they questioned whether or not I meet the time requirement simply because they compared the sample collection date and time in (CST) with the final destination departure time which was in Dubai local time without accounting for the time difference, after explaining that she took the test and disappeared for 10 mins before returning with the stamp of approval. Right after that she printed our 3 boarding passes for the trip to Dubai and beyond and asked to place our two carry-ons and two backpacks containing our personal items (our laptops, tablets, snacks, medicine, toys, and a change of cloth for our 4-year-old toddler) she stated that they will all be treated as carry-ons and that we were only allowed to bring two of them on board, and that if we don’t we will need to pay $200.00 in extra fees, or we can take our backpacks and check-in our carry-ons, she explained that this carry-ons restriction were a company policy imposed due to Covid, what does Covid has to do with the carry-ons and personal items allowance policy? I never had this experience ever with any other airline including my previous flights thru Emirates & Etihad, no one ever considered my laptop carrying bag as a carryon it was always listed as a personal item which I was allowed to bring on board to stow underneath my seat, I was in a state of shock and I told her that those carry-ons contained items with rechargeable batteries but that didn’t seem to sway her mind, I was in no position to argue at that point and took as much as I could from those rechargeable items form those carry-ons stuffing it into our backpacks just to follow my own safety protocols, on flight I saw many passengers boarding the airplane with their carry-ons and backpacks, and I highly doubt that they paid the $200 they wanted us to pay at the counter! Finally, the point where I completely snapped asking to see the supervisor on-site is when she-alongside another colleague of hers stated that my toddler' aviation approved child seat was not allowed inside the cabin and then they tried to charge me for an extra fourth seat claiming that to bring this on-board I’ll have to pay for an extra seat! I was like my child is 4 years old, we paid for his seat ticket of which we will place this child's seat! nothing changed their mind until the supervisor came, and I told her that we have three tickets for all 3 passengers, and she agreed with our point of view. Filed a complaint with their customer service to get a generic response.
  I have been traveling with Emirates for over a decade and I would like to drop you my comments on my last flight from Dubai to Milan. Really it was a very pleasant flight, very good cabin crew- really professional, attentive and made the flight very comfortable. 
 First of all, on the return flight, the staff delayed opening the gate, then I found my confirmed seat was busy with another passenger, so they were changing my seat without talking to another passenger. Second, I asked for water 3-4 times, then they provided me with a cup of water, not a bottle of water. (It's strange to have this in corona time). Third: the food was not tasty at all, it was very cold. Fourth, they announce that the internet is free to use, but in reality, it needs the passenger to pay money to have it. (And hosts not supported any passenger to get free internet). Fifth, they start collecting the headset 20 minutes before the flight ending so you couldn't keep watching the movie. Sixth, There was a shortage of covers and they were not available on the plane.
  Their customer service is absolutely atrocious. Their website is not updated and they do not take responsibility for lacking to keep the passengers up to date with Covid travel requirements. I booked my flight two months in advance and checked the Emirates website daily in preparation for it. I am fully vaccinated but still needed a negative covid result, no problem, I got it done. When I got to the airport they said the covid result needs to be stamped. Turns out, all labs in the USA are FDA regulated and do not stamp their results for authorization. The only place that does so is inside the airport, by appointment and costs $175. I learned all of this as I was checking in for my flight. So there is obviously no time to make it and I had to miss my flight. Normally, airlines take responsibility for this and accommodate the passenger by rebooking them free of charge. Not Emirates, their reservations/customer service first said that the next flight is 11 days out, and then gave me no choice but to pay another $2000 to book a seat. I've never experienced anything like this with any airline. They are usually accommodating and not money hungry.
  I am writing this review for my dad who flew Economy from Toronto to Dubai last Saturday. He booked Emirates hoping that they provide what they promise during this pandemic (safe flights, hygienic, booking half the flight's capacity, etc) but my dad had a horrible experience. The flight was fully booked which was quite bothersome at a time when everyone around the world are practising social distancing, the faucets in both the lavatories in his proximity were overflowing and I was told that the crew had been wearing the same masks throughout the 13-14 hour flight. This is an epitome of how Emirates treats its non-premium class as the "cattle-class" and that basic hygiene and comfort don't really matter for those who decide to fly at a lower rate. Really ashamed at Emirates for the inequality that they show. During these unprecedented times, they must take into account the passenger's health and safety rather than looking at profits. Please provide what you promise, Emirates. Your advertisements with the cabins being sanitized and having fully vaccinated crew (who knows?) really are just for attraction, aren't they? Do what you preach to begin with.
  San Francisco to Delhi via Dubai. Boarding from San Francisco was easy , only restriction to have weight of carry on needs to exact 8 kg or less than 8 kg. Our carry on bag was scaled for weight and allowed in to fly from SFO. We landed in Dubai and checked in again to start boarding. We were stopped to measure the carry on bag weight. The staff in Dubai was extreme rude , ill-mannered and disrespectful to deny the fact that the same carry on bag was allowed from origination point. Dubai staff did not allow the carry on bag with same weight. We were forced to take out almonds bag of 2 lbs and trash it which were carrying for my parents in Dubai. Our experience of flying Emirates was awful. Ba careful while flying with Emirates , they have different standards for passengers in USA and Dubai.
  Their customer service lady was rude and once I ask her to slow down to help me walk through and understand my itinerary, she got mad and told me to contact the travel agent. I simply asked to transfer the call to someone up the chain so that I can ask my question but she refused. I would not recommend travel with this airline and waste your money. Please stay away from them as their customer service folks are very rude and unsupportive.
  I would like to commend the crew for excellent service they extended to us. Super patience and extended personalised service to my Girl Friend who was allergic to spicy food. When I informed staff about her, they  went beyond our expectation and offered non spicy meal that was onboard. However it took time for him to heat the food but eventually the meal was delivered and personally I was wowed by that excellent service extended to myself and my girlfriend.
  Booked a flight to Israel because I was told by the staff at Emirates it was good to travel and all I need was a PCR and Ministry of health document. But I actually needed 3 documents so I wasn’t allowed in Dubai .. they only asked for two documents at SFO to board the flight. They gave me a refund due to they inconvenience but took it back when I tried to fly back from Dubai to SFO for some odd reason. They said I was supposed to call and rebook the flight to go from Dubai to SfFO which I did and now they’re saying they can’t find that phone call  and they tell me just submit a complaint form. This whole experience has been a nightmare.
  Shame on you Emirates for creating such a chaos with Dubai connect Hotel. My wife and children ticket were confirmed for Hotel and they were told that boarding pass is sufficient for the hotel but the staff at the Dubai airport are asking for a voucher for the hotel. My friends on the same flight go the hotel but my wife is currently at terminal 3 wondering what to do and this is their first time traveling without me. I was not expecting this from you Emirates.
 First time to travel after almost a year and half due to pandemic, was a little bit nervous but everything went smooth. Chauffeur service was punctual on time, Business class lounge at both DXB and CAI were spacious and clean, of course services has been adjusted due to pandemic. Check in was friendly and keeping social distancing, service on board was excellent, crew were always available and very friendly on both flights and always engaging. Luckily flight was half empty on outbound and almost empty on the return back to DXB. Traveling with my elderly mother during pandemic was made easy and smooth thanks to Emirates.
  Although I entered the aircraft with no expectations, I was enticed by Emirates' charming interiors and choice of color. The flight attendants are hard working folks and heeded to all requests. I changed my flight tickets 3 times due to the pandemic and Emirates always cooperated to change at no cost. The overall flying experience was a pleasure.
  Extremely disappointed with the meals served. After paying a large amount and flying in business class, they tell me that they did not have any non veg food left. All they have is some vegetarian curry and the remaining food is over. It was unbelievable that a flight such as Emirates would give such poor treatment to its loyal customers. Please do not consider travelling by business class, it really doesn't make a difference. They will say they have No food to give and just to save their face, they brought me coffee and drinks from first class. Utterly discontented with the service and staff.
  Before purchasing the ticket i read that flexible tickets are upgradable with points. However having the ticket in hand, as a frequent flyer, I am told that there is no availability to upgrade with points; only a payable upgrade is offered. After contacting the airline, they confirm that only payable upgrades are available. With the current policy of Emirates there is no need to become a frequent flyer with Emirates as they offer nothing to a passenger who has enough points to upgrade.
  Flight turbulence, both ways, was terrible. The food was horribly over seasoned, the highlight being the champagne. All of that was still quite manageable. The flight back was the real fail. We picked this aircraft specifically for safety and spacing during COVID. They switched the flight the night before and left us in a bulkhead middle seat, surrounded by coughing strangers. They had an entirely empty first class section available, which they wouldn’t let us pay for or upgrade to for the flight. While speaking with customer service they were equally unhelpful. There is no service left on this airline, especially in a time where rebuilding travel and customer safety/comfort is so important. Avoid Emirates- the hype is not delivered upon!
 Emirates switched our airplane with absolutely no notice to any passengers. Entire business class cabin is furious as moved from 2-2-2 new seats airplane to old 2-3-2 configuration where families and couples have been split up and all kinds of Covid infractions are happening. Crew says this 'happens all the time and people are always mad'. Probably a dodgy cost save that puts people at risk. Far from the ritzy commercials you see this is a second rate business class experience at best. Try and book elsewhere.
 This is not a premium airline anymore. The days of Emirates being a premium airline are long gone. By now their planes are old, seats and Inflight entertainment systems are broken. On the way up to Dubai 2 out of three seats has sound only in 1 ear. And one seat could not stay in position. The touch screen did not work. On the way back 1 seat and 1 sound system did not work out of three. They charge heavily for wifi and they charge significantly for a seat in front. At a rate where other airlines offer premium economy, Emirates just let you sit a couple of seats in front. European and US carriers by now have closed the gap and surpassed Emirates offering better wifi, premium economy and more innovative entertainment systems (Delta lets you watch from your own iPad). KLM flies this route with brand new 787's. But where an airline should make the real difference, Emirates fails even harder. Service. They get stuck in organizational bureaucracy. Emirates call centre gave you the wrong information? Your problem. That issue cost 200 euros? Your problem. The manager says no. Can I speak to that manager? No. Self-service check-in doesn't work? Your problem. Go stand in another line of self-service machines. Still doesn't work? Your problem. Go stand in the back of the line at the classic check-in counter (after spending 30 mins waiting for machines that don't work)? Can't check you in before you do a covid fast test. Go to a very badly signed fast test area. Everybody there is already checked in? Being around the self check-in Machines gives you a true to life Ryanair experience, but Ryanair actually does a better job. People with issues all over. And this is covid times, with a lot less traffic. I wonder what happens when it becomes busier.
  I had the worst experience. I paid for business class special, on the day of my departure as I was checking in my luggage, I was told my passport has a hold on for an unpaid fine, I needed to go see immigration. Having 1hr 25min left, immigration advised me it was a police hold, I was to leave the airport and go to the police station near palm Jamaeria, this meant I was missing my flight, that I just updated by paying 4K cnd on top of my original ticket extra. I arrive to the police station I was not told what the issue was for but that it was resolved i still do not know why My passport was on hold. I called the Emirates to book my new flight business flight that I paid extra for, this all happen on a Wednesday they had a flight leaving everyday to Toronto direct, but the only way I could get my business seat was if I updated it to a business flex, they would not honor this seat I paid for already, saying there is none available, They booked me in an economy class as I’m sitting on the plane right now with Extra business seats available I sit in economy. This airline is a rip off, they have the worst customer service, and all they care about is how to squeeze your money out of there customer, I recommend if you plan to take business class, don’t cancel that flight because your new flight will not be business, you will half to upgrade the seat you already paid for or go first class, be prepared to pay more money. I’m sitting in Economy, when I already for my business class seat.
  Emirates lost our bag and refuse to be held liable. 7 weeks ago me and my husband boarded a direct flight from Cairo to Dubai and our bag didn't arrive that had most of our essential and valuable items, we were staying for a month. We filed a report at the airport before leaving and we were told that someone will get back to us and that we should check the bag status with a reference number. We contacted them over 20 times through phone calls/emails requesting at least a deadline to know that our luggage is officially lost so we can re-purchase the lost items. On every occasion they promised that someone would get back to us directly, of course no one ever did! Thinking emails might work but we only got vague replies stating that its still under tracing and asked us to fill a form with the value of all items in our bag and someone will get back to us with either our luggage or to compensate us, but that never happened. 49 DAYS LATER, we finally decided to file an official complaint on their website to which they responded that our bag arrived Dubai airport. Hence, they don't accept liability for it getting lost. I am very disappointed with Emirates.
 It was a scary flight under the pandemic, flight attendants couldn't keep control of certain passengers that kept taking off their masks. Also, we had an incident where a flight attendant was blocking seats for another passenger and would not let us sit in the last row of economy to allow a young lady sleep the long 17 hour flight, and my wife was asked to change seats also to accommodate another young lady. It was reported to the supervisor and head of stewardess, it was not a good experience. Deplaning was disorderly, I have experienced how carriers do disembarking by rows and requesting passengers not to get up until their row is called, in this flight everyone was just pushing to get out, like there was no pandemic. Reported to Emirate, but it seems they did not take the complaint seriously.
  Business class was quiet with around only 20 people on board and two passengers in first class. Their product onboard still excels with many areas of a full service back on offer. The main meal is a single full tray service which for me is fine. All meals are covered by plastic lids which is a slight annoyance as there is no where to put these or they fall on the surrounding areas. But we can live with this. Drinks service was constant. I visited the onboard lounge/bar which is elegant. My only continued gripe about EK business product is that their main course meals are lacklustre, look like economy meals on a china plate and do not do the rest of the product justice. Next time perhaps I will order two starters which are always superb on EK including their signature mixed mezza.
  The A380 was superb, but on the Boeing 777 this company had sold the middle seats in business class which meant I was less than 6 inches away from the next customer. When I asked why they were risking my life in this way, the reply was that it was not mandatory not to sell the middle seat. What a shocker! Unless someone forces them, they will place you in danger in pursuit of profit. Don't fly Emirates in Covid times.
  I recently had to cancel a flight due to Covid restrictions in Australia. Emirates staff were exceptional throughout the whole process of booking and cancellation. I'd like to say a big thank you to Emirates and their staff for their professionalism, for continuing to be customer focussed through this awful pandemic and for their prompt service. I'd definitely recommend Emirates!
  One of the best flights of my life! Despite the F lounges in DXB remain closed, the whole experience was spectacular. The Game  seat is arguably the best.Loved every aspect of it. Lovely to see how the normal services have resumed since the 1st of November. The catering was excellent and the head purser, Archana, along with the fabulous Song Ying and Marisa looked after us really well - well done. Couldn't fault this flight and 14 hours flew by. 
  I have been bought to fly to Dar es Salaam via Dubai but the connection flight was cancelled. Emirates contacted me and was very apologetic – offering a change to the subsequent day. Unfortunately, I had to be in Tanzania on that day and so it is not convenient. Emirates then  offered either to keep the ticket open, for me to book again over the next two years or receive a full refund. I opted for the refund and within two days the full amount had been credited back to my credit card. Over the past few months, I have had to cancel a number of flights and have battled with airlines to get refunds. It is often been difficult even to speak to the airlines and on one occasion I have obtained a refund through my credit card company. Emirates response has been exemplary – they were proactive, pleasant and acted immediately and it is one which other airlines should follow if they are going to stand any chance of restoring their fortunes. I have frequently used Emirates in the past and would not hesitate to do so again in the future.
  I booked a ticket for my mother from New Delhi to Washington DC for April 2020. The flight got cancelled due to the pandemic and we were told that we could get the full refund. After paying more than $1,200, we received a refund after 90 days of around $560. We have called Emirates multiple times but the contact center is useless.
  On my return flight from Tokyo to Bologna 13th of March in full Covid alarm, my brother and l arrived at the airport 6 hrs earlier with boarding passes as we had done our check in online. When checkin counter opened we were told that our flight from Dubai to Bologna was cancelled and therefore we could not board the Tokyo Bologna flight. Apart from the fact that there was a flight to Rome and that they did not protect us on that, fully booked (we found out that some passengers flight to Venice was advised a few days earlier to go to the airport and that they would flight to Rome instead as the Venice flight was cancelled as well. We were left at the airport at Midnight, no phone nr to call the next day, no hotel voucher nothing. After this experience we will never never fly Emirates again. 
  It is the second time emirates cancel my flight 2 days before departure. The 2nd time that I paid a hotel booking as well as train tickets that I wont use. I also paid PCR test as we are required to have one 72h before flying and then they cancel the flight. They even tell us no compensation because its not their fault. Horrible service.
  I will never book with Emirates again.  We booked flights to leave Chicago on 17th, connect in Dubai on the 18th, and arrive Dushanbe on 19th. They changed the initial flight to leave Chicago on 18th and land in Dubai on 19th, but they didn't change our connecting flight which still left Dubai on the 18th, one day after arrival in Dubai. We caught this mistake of theirs by accident, there was no word from them whatsoever. When we tried to resolve it they said they couldn't do anything about it, basically we were stuck and they're "sorry", that was it. My husband was able to find a flight that would fix it and called them back, they still said they couldn't fix it until he said he was on their website looking at a flight that could. Finally they fixed it, but we still wound up paying an extra $300 out of pocket for their mistake.
 I rang Emirates Customer Service yesterday to ask them for some flexibility on the return leg of a flight from Brisbane. My mother has been in Australia since January and was due to return in a couple of weeks. Whilst some things regarding Covid 19 are returning to a new normality - my mother is in her 90s and as such is in a particularly vulnerable group. The customer service representative was amazingly understanding and sympathetic. He changed things to enable an open return (with no penalty) and completely understood the need for her only to return when things return to a much more normal situation. I had expected to have to argue my case but the agent was so understanding. He went way beyond what I expected and couldn’t have been more helpful. A credit to his company who I hope greatly appreciate his contribution.
  I booked my first ticket on June 9 to travel by July 1, they cancelled it, I called them to ask of the next flight they told me it's for July 15 and its confirmed meanwhile I am already pregnant and never planned to have my baby here in the UAE, my visa is also cancelled so I could go back home, again they cancelled the flight on the 7th July, I called to ask when is the next repatriation flight they told me no repatriation flight except until August 3. I visit them yesterday 9th July and to my surprise, I heard that there was a repatriation flight that left a day before which was on the 8th July and also another one is scheduled for 14th July meanwhile I called and kept calling and even use their chat platform just to let me know if there is any repatriation flight to Nigeria, but seems all the customer care I spoke with were poorly informed, how can you as a customer care or telephone operator or ticketing officer and you don't know there is a repatriation flight just to inform your clients. The biggest shock of my life was the lady at the ticketing office on 8th July around 2 pm -5 pm she shouldn't be working as a customer service personnel at all, she is badly mannered, she does not display any form of empathy all, I explained my situation to this lady and what she said was "all flights for July has been cancelled and it's not only you". My point is if you cancelled my flight and I already told them my situation why cant they just inform me that theren is a repatriation flight they just displayed a nonchalant attitude, meanwhile i have been following up with their flight for more than a month and several repatriation flight left and still non of them informed their customers about this, they are only happy to cancel your flight taking advantage of the situation without even informing of the next and available options for their customers. Till now I have not been able to get any ticket and I have to leave Dubai this month July, 2020 unfailingly and I heard there is a repatriation flight for 14th July still they have not been able to put me on this flight despite my condition. 
  I was extremely disappointed how it handled things around the Corona virus: Had no checks carried out either at the airports on before the flight, not even a temperature check. On the airport and on the flight as well I've seen sick people, people who were coughing.  When I was flying out to Australia countries have started to introduced lockdown measures so I have decided to move my return flight forward (to make sure I don't stuck on the other side of the world). Whilst Emirates guaranteed ticket flexibility to people who were travelling during this period (they let you change the travel time) I was disgusted by the fact that if you change your return flight Emirates will charge you for a one way ticket which is double the price of a return ticket. So instead of you only paying for the difference between your new ticket and the old ticket you also have to pay for the difference between a single trip and round trip which is absolutely ridiculous and I don't think it's at all acceptable. The Emirates website was saying that all tickets are sold out for they flight I've chosen and on other flight I would have had to pay even more so I bought a ticket from Qantas (which turned out to be on an Emirates flight) I've submitted a cancellation request on my original Emirates flight on 20th March and still hasn't received any response. I could't be more disappointed with Emirates, especially that I never got my unused ticket refunded. Due to this bad experience I wouldn't use Emirates again and would talk anyone out of using them.
  Chicago to Lahore via Dubai. I am really disappointed with my return flight with Emirates. After flight resumption due to Covid, I reconfirmed my booking 5 times, on different days and they cancelled my flight 3 hours before departure. Moreover, they lied about reason for cancellation. They canceled my flight and told me CAA at Lahore isn’t allowing to land flights which was false. All other airlines we’re flying on that route and I also confirmed from CAA. Because of this, I had to have extra travel arrangements and stay at the city of departure as I came from another state.
  Extremely disappointing. Corona crisis started. They basically cut all phone numbers, closed offices and let us without information in Thailand. They were still selling tickets for the next few days when they cancelled our flight back and did not allow us to take place on those just to sell more expensive tickets. Definitely a rip off. Emirates. Don't fly. It seems like a better pick up line for your commercials.
  We had a business class flight from Auckland to Vienna booked for April 20. Obviously Corona crisis happened and we all know the story how almost all flights including this one was cancelled. The terms of the ticket clearly stated that they will refund full amount if they cancel the flight. As other reviewers had mentioned as well, they have since changed their terms so that all refunds are subject to cancellation terms regardless of if they cancel or the client cancels. Thus they are refusing to refund and try to offer their vouchers instead. Being a business class flight for 4 persons it's a fairly substantial amount. Let's consider the facts for a moment. Changing contract terms one-sided after the contract has been made, is clearly illegal and is not enforceable. Second, being an EU citizen, registered in an EU country and having paid with a credit card registered in the EU, the EU regulation clearly stated that airlines must provide a refund if they cancel a flight regardless of what they terms would have said. I'm currently processing a charge-back on the credit card. =
  Never will I book a flight with this company again! After receiving notification that all our flights had been cancelled. Trying numerous times to get through to call centres. I’m then informed I cannot have a refund of my money, only a voucher. When I refuse this ridiculous offer I’m told they will then charge me $1000 in a cancellation fee if I try to get a refund. This is for flights they cancelled, and failure to provide a service they sold. Not something in my control, and not by any action of mine. In their lengthy Contract of Carriage it clearly states I am entitled to a full refund if they fail to fly. Apparently Emirates believes they can introduce new terms and conditions and that our previous agreed to contract no longer suits them. Had my bank try and reverse charges. After waiting 25 days was informed that their merchant bank sent an offer for a voucher, good for 24 months, and that if I then still wanted a refund I could get one then.
  My family booked a holiday to Singapore, due to fly in March this year. However due to the unforeseen pandemic we were forced to cancel once the government announced the block on air travel. We have been trying to obtain a refund and have phoned their customer services many times only to be told our refund request has been cancelled. No notification, no phone calls with explanation nothing, just cancelled. Pretty appalling from a so called premier airline. 
  My son and girlfriend left stranded in Phuket by Emirates. They were on a 2 week holiday. Emirates flew them out there on 14th March then sent a text on 22nd informing them their flight home on 28 March was cancelled. No advice on how they could contact them or alternative flight options home. Emirates did not answer phone calls, e mails nothing. Just left stranded. I had to Pay £2000 for Ethihad flight to get them home. They had to fly to Bangkok first, stay in a hotel overnight then catch the Etihad flight. To date Emirates have only sent an automated response re claim for refund. Never again will we book with Emirates.
  They cancelled all the flight and left us in Thailand with no option to go home and didn’t answer the phone or emails. We were abandoned there with no information. We had to buy a  new ticket to get home (1500€) and now they don’t want to refund us anything.
  Booked a ticket from Bangkok to London on 30 March. 23rd March got an email saying it was cancelled. They left everyone stranded in Thailand with no notice. I must take my hat off to EVA Air that has kept operating and saved thousands of people being stranded. Also they did not inflate their prices. Was always a good fan of them and now definitely will stick with EVA Air. Impossible to contact Emirates and still waiting for a refund which should have been processed immediately so I could pay for the new ticket home. So no flight, and still have my money. No way would I accept a voucher as I will never use them again. Dispute filed with credit card.
  They canceled my flight and when I requested for full refund they told me, it will be available within 15 days. After 20 days I called them back to ask what is going on and why my account is still not refunded. They told me that they recently changed their policy and refund will be done within 90 days.  Is this a joke. This is not fair and you have to be ashamed of your policy. 
  My wife and I were booked to fly home business class with Emirates to the UK on the 26.03.2020. On the 25.03.2020 we learned that our flight had been cancelled. We contacted the Emirates customer information at Perth Airport for further information. It was confirmed that our flight was cancelled and we were told that as we were no longer a customer with Emirates how we got home was not a concern of Emirates. The phone was then hung up. We got home eventually with Qatar Airways where we had to pay twice the normal cost for regular seats. Since getting home we have been offered vouchers which we have refused saying we want a refund of the cost of the return flight. We have been told that any refund (if offered) may take many months and it is unlikely that Emirates will agree to a full refund for the return flight which they cancelled. What a way to treat it's customer. A disgrace. We will never fly with Emirates again.
 Fort Lauderdale to Bangalore via Dubai. I had great expectations after learning that this was the number one airline in the world. It is far from being so, it doesn’t even qualify to be within the first 50, unfortunately. The customer service officials are so ill informed that they can hardly be of help to the customers. They have only canned answers. The travel segment referenced to in this review was understandably canceled because of the covid pandemic. So then I called up to cancel the ticket the customer service diverted me to another website and made me fill out the entire form and submit cancellation. He said it is going to take two weeks for the refund, which was fair. Emirates is misusing the disaster to its advantage and abusing the customers. Now they say it is going to take 90 days to refund the amount. Now there is no way I can get back without being refunded the amount. Their responses are very poor. An airline quality and service is better judged at the time of an exception. Emirates has failed to live up to it’s Customer expectation. Most other airlines I had booked have already refunded my money. So that gives us a relative sense or comparison.
  Delhi to Stansted via Dubai. This is pertaining my travel agent (Makemytrip.com) and Emirates' lack of responsiveness for cancelled flight during to COVID19. I have flow Emirates in past several times and generally the experience was alright. However, I was to fly to London for our summary vacation in May 2020 and Emirates has cancelled the tickets. And as per my travel agent (Makemytrip.com) they are refusing to provide me a refund. The reason is not given.  The website has a poorly organized form that doesn't allow me to raise a complaint and couple of email IDs that I have written to, are unresponsive.
 Dubai to Moscow. Emirates is the worst airline in the world. Food onboard I have not seen worse. Flight delayed for several hours. Employees of the airline at the counter at Dubai Airport behave rudely, refuse to comply with international flight rules.
  I purchased two tickets for myself and my daughter in August 2019 and planned to travel to Paris via Dubai on 18th March 2020 and return on 3rd Apr from Nice. However, due to the current situation (Covid19) and lockdown in France, our trip was cancelled by Emirates and it also advised that all the flights are cancelled unless there was a valid reason to travel and we can send a request for refund and the refund will be within 2 weeks. I sent the refund form and request to be refunded and waited for almost 3 weeks but no response or refund came through. When I contacted Emirates on 6th April the sales representative said I will be charged if I request for refund. How silly and illogical is this? Emirates cancelled the trip and now it wants to charge me for cancellation? Why should I be charged for refund if the airline is cancelled the trip or whatever is the reason that it is not the passengers fault. 
  Travelling back from Mauritius to Zurich via Dubai on 24th March, the DXB-ZRH leg did not have any food on board. Only biscuits, chocolate bars , coffee and tea were served. Having complained directly to Emirates about this they denied that any report or complaint had been made to them about it.
  They cancelled all of their flights 24 hours before I was due to fly with no prior warning and left me stranded on the other side of the world. Refused to book me a seat on another airline when there was many available. They couldn't care less about their customers or their (supposed) duty of care to them. A flight voucher is really useful when you've grounded all your planes and the world is under quarantine for an unknown length of time and I have to get home swiftly before borders are closed. Emirates immediately closed all of their regional customer service centres and it was impossible to get through on their jammed phone line. I had to pay out of my own pocket to book a ticket with another airline. 
  My wife and I recently flew Emirates EK345 Brisbane to Prague via Dubai 23.03 2020. It was the the most horrific flight. From the time we left Brisbane until Dubai the washrooms were disgusting No hand tissue, no hand soap, the floor was littered with hand tissue and wet from urine and or water. The floor was sticky to walk on. As were were seated adjacent not far from the washrooms it was easy to observe the cabin crew very rarely checked the washrooms. There was an over use of the seat belt signs to ensure customers were seated rather than annoying the crew serving meals I was given the choice between beef and chicken and when I chose beef was informed there was none left but if I wanted to wait 20 minutes perhaps there maybe some left over. Sure enough 20 minutes later a beef meal arrived and was promptly dumped on the meal tray and was stone cold. The crew through the 15 hours were noticeably aggressive to all and sundry. The toilets were locked 20 minutes from landing in Dubai and my wife had to beg to use the washroom. Whilst we were informed this was the last flight out of Australia I guess the crew were coming to grips with loosing their jobs. Sorry but they still should have been professional until they finished their shifts. I have since written to Emirates feedback but no response. We hold return tickets to Australia and can only hope for a better experience. Having wished for a long time to fly with this airline on the recommendation of others, what a complete disappointment I have flown the major airlines over the ast 40 years and "never" had anything to equal this most over rated airline.
 Brisbane to Dublin via Dubai. I was supposed to fly in May 2020. As is safe and expected our flights were canceled. What was not expected was that they would not refund over half my fare. More understandable if I was the one to cancel.
  London to Cochi via Dubai in early February. When travelling by Emirates it is advisable to ensure that your luggage is secure and that you do not use back packs, duffel bags or any other type of bag whereby a zip can be seperated to allow baggage handlers access to your luggage. Emirates apply a 7 day policy for making claims for stolen items, and are not prepared to consider any reasonable evidence if you are not able to make a claim within those 7 days. When raising a complaint with Emirates, customer service is appalling and respond via email with a 'no reply' email address. Business class was very comfortable and the 'add ons' including lounge and chauffeur service made the journey a lot more comfortable. Not sure if it was really worth the money though.  Unfortunately, the customer service when making complaints was appalling and the response I received was from a 'no reply' email address.
 Saint-Petersburg to Denpasar via Dubai. Got information my flight home is canceled on 6th of April, rebooked it for 29th of March from another city and it was also canceled on the next day. No money refund, only voucher.
  Zürich to Bangkok via Dubai on Sunday 22nd March. As we arrived at the airport they told us on the baggage check in that my stepson's flight was cancelled, even as we checked in online already! There was no info before, no e-mail from Cheaptickets that we booked through. And when trying to call before several times if everything is OK due to the special conditions there was nobody available. There was no options or suggestions or help from the ground personnel from Emirates on the Airport. We had to book by ourselves again with Oman Air which cost us 700chf.
  Sydney to Sofia via Dubai. I booked ticket. My flight was cancelled from the company. When I asked for full refund as my ticked was not nonrefundable and I was expecting full refund they told me, no matter what, they will charge me cancellation fee. That is twisting people's hands. Terrible service, their representatives ask me to call them but it is impossible, the phone number doesnt work. How you dare to charge cancelation fee when you cancel the flight. You are not able to provide service and even do not know when this will happen , but offer a voucher as a credit note.
  Chennai to Newark via Dubai. Due to COVID 19, they have cancelled one part of itinerary and leave remaining so passengers can call and cancel the ticket and they can charge cancellation fees. I postponed the ticket once with extra money and now again they cancelled one part of itinerary and asked to cancel for huge cancellation fees saying the government cancelled and not airline so they charge. Really? This is how emirates value the customers? Please do not encourage these airline when they don't value the customers at all. I will never travel in emirates. Thanks to you emirates.
  Wonderful service! With 15 minutes to go before closing at 5pm, the Saigon office of Emirates changed our flight from Bangkok 11 days later to Ho Chi Minh to Newcastle the next day and only charged us the difference- £160. We got home via Dubai just before our hotel announced it's closure and our flight from Siem Reap to Bangkok was cancelled. Thank you Emirates!
  I travelled Emirates last minute for a family emergency. The ground staff knew I was upset and blocked the seats in my row for both flights to Madrid, the A380 is fabulous.  With Covid19 going on, they did their upmost to get my sister and I both home. They changed our flights multiple times over the course of 3 days as we were struggling to get out of Spain including departure countries. I can say that they were awesome and they now have a loyal customer for life. Thank you Emirates.
  Sydney to Moscow via Dubai. I have booked my flights over 6 months in advance, way before there's been such thing as COVID-19. At the moment, my country closed borders, the destination country closed borders and Emirates where we have a few days stopover no longer issues visas on arrival. Yet there is no refund (it seems like same conditions apply, which means I'll lose half of what I paid) and I couldn't get through to customer support after trying for 5 days straight.
  Ho Chi Minh to Frankfurt via Dubai. First our flight to Dubai was postponed by 5, then 16 before departure in Saigon the transit flight from Dubai to Frankfurt was completely canceled for economic reasons. The passengers can now see for themselves how they will get on. Never again Emirates! Zuerst wurde unser Flug nach Dubai um 5 verschoben, dann 16 vor Abflug in Saigon der Transitflug von Dubai nach Frankfurt komplett auch ökonomischen Gründen gestrichen. Die Passagiere können jetzt selbst sehen wie sie weiter kommen. Nie wieder Emirates!
 Amsterdam to Cebu via Dubai. It was my first experience flying with Emirates and without the slightest doubt will be my last. I believe that critical situations bring out the true nature of people as well as companies and it is my opinion that Emirates came out as uncaring, irresponsible and thoroughly unethical. I had a return flight from the Netherlands to the Philippines and I was supposed to fly back from Cebu to Amsterdam at the end of March, but I became stranded due to the suddenly imposed lockdown. The situation became quickly truly dreary with flights getting cancelled by the hour and airports getting closed with almost no notice. The military being deployed in Manila and checkpoints set up to allow only tourists with a ticket for a flight leaving in the next 12 hours to enter. Tourists were informed to leave the country on 20th March at the latest. My domestic flight to Cebu was cancelled on 17th March and I desperately tried to contact Emirates to make the appropriate changes but to no avail: on their website, there was only a local telephone number to which nobody ever answered. I asked friends to contact the Emirates Dutch local office on my behalf, but they ended up with the same result, nobody answered the phone or Facebook messages. On 17th March a rescue flight was organized by a local private company, I landed in Clark International and went straight to the local Emirates office. The representative simply told me that they could not do anything for me because flights were fully booked, informed me that Clark airport would also be closed in 48 hours and told me that I had to figure out a solution myself. I had to purchase an incredibly expensive new flight with another airline departing that very same evening from Manila and rush against time to make it to the airport on time (I made it just thanks to the kindness of strangers who offered me a ride in a private transfer van). In the span of the following few hours i met at least a dozen travelers who had flights with KLM and who told me that KLM (not an airline partner) had rebooked all of them on Emirates flights. To summarize, Emirates made it impossible for stranded travelers to contact the airline, declined and shirked away from all responsibilities to find a solution, offered me no assistance and no compensation whatsoever, had no qualms to give away a large number of their seats to other (non-partner) airlines, but did not offer its own customers the same courtesy. Never again.
  Dubai to Newcastle. Travelled on the 19th March. After a very long day of travelling I was looking forward to my flight back to Newcastle. We were an hour before landing and I requested a drink and was told no - two minutes later another passenger requested a drink and was served?? I always travel with the Emirates and was very disappointed with the service on this flight.
  Cape Town to Glasgow via Dubai. The car arrived and took me to the airport on time and check in was easy. I  went to the Emirates Lounge and whilst the lounge is very nice, I found that the selection of food available in not just this lounge, could be more varied and of a higher standard. My ticket showed gate A3, but on checking the board, it showed B3 and this is where the main problem was. On arrival at the gate there was a long line waiting at the gate. I found out that First and Business class were to board by gate B2. There was nothing on the sign at the gate to state this. The handling agents seemed to be unsure of what there were doing. Then economy, business class and first class passengers were herded onto the same bus to be taken to the aircraft. On arrival in Dubai, was taken from the airport to a hotel to freshen up and have something to eat, even though it was 01.30hrs. Visited the Emirates lounge at Dubai and was very busy and and food could have been better.
  Edinburgh to Brisbane via Dubai. Trying to contact Emirates to get correct unambiguous cost of covid19 enforced flight re-schedules, future flight voucher or cancellation. A simple text isn’t much to ask for, trying hard to arrange flights home before a lockdown is imposed and we have two seats which we cannot risk using in case we get stuck in transit. 
  Kuala Lumpur to Frankfurt via Dubai booked for April 2020. Worst customer service (contact Center) ever. Please improve, the only option given to change flight is to contact local office, in this case, - why shorten the working hours of a contact Center?  The agent is totally incompetent, This will be the last time. Perhaps they don’t care.
  Bahrain to Paris via Dubai. Due to current situation I kept chacking on Emirates airline website to see if the flight has been cancelled but there is no updates and also the phone doesn’t answer at all. France has imposed Lockdown from Tuesday 17th March 2020 mid day but Emirates has not yet updated its page. If our trip is cancelled due to Coronavirus then why Emirates wants to charge us with penalty for refund. This is my second trip with Emirates and both times I have been forced to cancel the trips. 
  Singapore to Melbourne. I have not yet taken the flight but the customer service is horrible, I regularly have to wait up to 30 minutes to be talk to a representative for any purpose. I am trying to reschedule my ticket for a solo trip (10 days) from April 2020 to June 2020, which supposedly should not cost me any change fees for changes up to 30 June (as per the first representative I spoke to) because of the COVID-19 outbreak, but this is not reflected on the 'Manage My Booking'. I've been on hold for the part 31 minutes, waiting to speak to the representative, and this isn't the first time I've waited this long. Most accommodation and travel websites are allowing full refunds (like Airbnb, bless them), whereas I was kindly informed by Emirates that they would still charge me SG$400 for cancellation despite the extenuating circumstance that neither is my fault nor something anyone could have seen coming (As of 16th March, Australia's government implemented a 2-week isolation period for all international passengers, making it financially infeasible to make the trip). Customer service is beyond horrific, don't expect any sort of good treatment or understanding of your situation.
  Auckland to Manchester via Dubai. Never travelling with this airline again. They clearly overbooked, and delayed my mums flight by 10 hours, whilst my flight was still ok to go ahead. Used the excuse "Not enough time to board on the transfer" but for some reason my fight was ok. We were booked to go on the same flights. Had my mum waiting 10 hours in the airport, with no complementary food. Not impressed with the service at all. Customer Service Helpdesk is based in India, so good luck, if you ever have issues with them. 
  Gatwick to Ahmedabad via Dubai. Emirates economy class is going down hill recently. A small warm food plate serviced from Gatwick to Dubai, which was alright. Not as good as some other cheaper airlines. Before there used to be 2 cabin crew pushing the trolley and serving the food, now it was only 1. Only 2 drinks service throughout the 6.5 hour flight, just 2. Rest of the time you have to ring the bell or go to the gallery to ask for drinks. The head purser wondering around the cabin with a tablet, the while flight. Why they keep needing to look at a tablet in a flight I don't know. Another cabin crew sitting down on a laptop for at least an hour. Why cabin crew need to use a laptop on a flight I don't know. The service has gone downhill, besides ICE nothing else is good about Emirates anymore. I won't be flying them anymore.
 London to Auckland via Dubai. I thought Emirates offered an extremely family-friendly service as I was travelling on my own with my 17-month-old son. They were extremely attentive throughout all of my flights. I thought the food was of a decent standard - they could have offered an extended drink service but if you wanted a second or a third drink you only had to ask. Some of the flights had a velcro cover for the bassinet which I did not like as my son could easily open it but the London to Dubai leg had a zip which made me feel at ease that he was safe. The flight attendants were happy to look after my son when I needed to go to the toilet and on a couple of flights, some of the attendants went the extra mile and carried my son around the plane to give me a break. They had bottled baby milk and organic baby food which was a first for me when flying with my children. On the way to New Zealand I flew to Lon-Dubai-Bali-Auckland and I preferred this to the return leg when I flew direct from Auckland to Dubai which was nearly 17 hours and I would not recommend it with a toddler. I thought the inflight entertainment was of a high standard but I could not connect to the Wifi on any of the flights. Some of the aircraft were a little tired and the seating could have done with replacing but overall I found Emirates offered a good service for a father taking his 17-month son all the way to New Zealand on his own.
 Singapore to Amsterdam via Dubai. While the previous flight with an Emirates A380 went OK, the connecting flight from Dubai to Amsterdam was terrible. In Dubai, the security check is at the gate, so it is not possible to bring a bottle of water with you. With this fact, Emirates does not bother to supply its passengers with an extra bottle of water during the flight but brings just one small cup of water at mealtimes. During the flight, the Emirates staff gathered at the rear pantry and were talking loud for a long time. Could not sleep with this irritating loud chatting. The toilets were not once cleaned during the 6.5-hour flight. Several toilets had a malfunction with water and some toilets had urine on the floor. Terrible! The seats were not very wide, narrow in fact, and had a hard seat. It was a claustrophobic experience. The seats have had their best years long ago. I have flown Emirates for many years and was always more or less satisfied, but the quality is going down the last two years and now at a level, I decided not to fly Emirates any more.
  Manchester to Perth via Dubai. Manchester to Perth, leg room good, food-good, Toilet cleanliness was terrible, taps didn't work so people couldn't wash their hands, staff wasn't interested in cleaning it. Stop over in Dubai was 2 hours, got on to second flight Dubai to Perth, my daughter complained she didn't feel well and asked to go to the toilet just before setting of, She vomited all over the floor. Doctor came on board and requested us to leave the flight. Staff told us there was 3 flights a day to Perth! Big fat lie to get us of the flight. Medical centre staff in Dubai airport was good, made sure my daughter was good, Got out of medicine centre 5 hrs later then had to organise flights to get home to Perth. 8 hrs later flights were booked for 2 days time plus made us pay re-booking fee Had to ring hotel to stay in for 2 days with sick child. Emirates own there own hotel, made us pay to stay in it. During all this Emirates didn't even offer us a bottle of water, Got on flight 2 days later, daughter feeling better, Emirates staff hadn't booked us meals on the flight so had to wait and see if there was any left so we could eat. For a multi billion dollar company not to offer help when they kick you of a flight coz your child got sick from the first flight is disgusting, staff were all miserable and not helpful.
  Washington to Bangalore via Dubai, A380 ride is the best, very quiet plane. Only one hot towel service on it. Food was OK, boarding was OK. Entertainment is best. Flight back from Dubai to Washington DC was very turbulent for 4 hours flying over Iran mountains. Rest was good as Emirates still have a good product. Seats I paid extra for me and my wife since we reserved it in advance.
  
Manchester to Brisbane via Dubai. I flew economy and does not do hot towel services or give out mini amenity kits. I was disappointed that Emirates only had black or green tea as their tea options. These minor elements aren't that much of an issue but the big deal breaker was the in-flight service. On my route from Manchester to Brisbane I had 3 flights all with separate crews and the service I received on the first two flights was awful. The staff were at best indifferent and at worst extremely rude and act like they are above you and the feeling of "How dare you ask for assistance" came across quite strongly with the most of the staff. Maybe I just had bad luck, but I will be flying with Emirates again soon long-haul economy so I guess we will see if it was just a once off.
  Dubai to Cape Town. A disaster Started from the Check In, where they don’t have any clue about seat map and not able to help at all . Despite I was traveling in economy, as a frequent flyer, I can check in at the business counter where you would expect better service . Well forget it. Imagine that I am a platinum customer and now I ended up sitting on a broken seat close to the toilet after asking to change a seat that has no window and no space for arm 18K, but nobody dare to advice! The plane used to Cape Town, is a very old 777, full of scratches with broken seats. Overall Emirates makes nice a video, advertising and promising the Emirates experience that in reality is to fly in substandard plane and the level of service Now the same of a mainstream airline. Obviously you still pay Emirates price. On top of this they are totally careless about frequent flyer, so If you fly for business choose other airlines.
  London to Kolkata via Dubai. Rude staff that treat your special meal as a nuisance. I had to ask the stewardess for mine and it arrived 55 minutes after everyone else had finished their meals. Take the blankets and headphones 30 minutes before landing to save time and costs. Dubai to Kolkata is a farce at the gate. No organisation or concept of common sense.
 London Stansted to Colombo via Dubai. First flight with Emirates after several years using other airlines and I must say standards have slipped. Emirates used to be a cut above, with better food, IFE and more generous alcohol supply. Now they are very run of the mill and when you add in the inconveniences of Dubai airport compared with other options in the gulf they are solidly average. I used them because Stansted is my local airport, so their flights are convenient and because of this will probably reluctantly use the company in future. Low point of my 4 economy flights was the unsmiling, unfriendly and arguably rude crew member I had looking after my part of the cabin on the outward leg from STN. Not once in 7 hrs did I see her make eye contact or smile at anyone, including her colleagues. The other crew I encountered were generally friendly and reasonably efficient. The seats felt worn and were not as comortable as I remember, probably as the aircraft are generally ageing across their fleet. The food ranged from edible to fairly horrible, only the IFE remains outstanding. Drinks were grudgingly supplied after a couple of hours in the air and were of indifferent quality, although top ups were available if you went to the galley.
  Orlando to Dubai. Excellent cabin crew who were very welcoming on board this flight. Staff looked after us really well in Business class. I really couldn't fault them. Individuals like themselves are a credit to Emirates. IFE has a wide selection of movies and the dining was of high quality. My only criticism would be if the Orlando route was not served with the updated Business class seat that is currently available on the other US routes; the current dated lie-flat seat is only adequate for short to medium haul routes but not long flights to the US.
  Chennai to San Francisco via Dubai. Over priced. Not good enough and comfortable seat for long journey. What I'm most disappointed is the service they offered during on board. Worst food and service. When you ask for extra glass of water the response is we will serve once we are free.. And that is after 30 minutes (after multiple reminders).  When I ask for nuts/snacks response was please go help yourself. Never ever try Emirates again. Moreover my luggage was damaged.. Send them mail after mail. No response from them after a month or so.
  I've flown business class (as well as premium economy) many times on long-haul flights between Asia and the US, on a pretty wide variety of airlines. For my current trip, there appeared to be a reasonably good business class fare (but not the best fare among all airline selections) to NYC via Dubai on Emirates, apparently because of a long (7+ hour) layover in Dubai. Even though it wasn't the best business class fare available among all airlines, and the layover was longer than I'd prefer, I chose Emirates based on their reputation. However, Emirates doesn't inform you when purchasing the ticket, and you don't find out until you arrive at the airport in Dubai, that this business class fare does not include any lounge access. So, you basically get a slight discount on a business class fare, but no business class lounge access during a 7+ hour layover. Also, on the Emirates 777-300ER, the business class seat does not actually lay flat (its angled quite a bit), and the leg / foot section of the seat when extended is rather flimsy. Unless you have a child-size body, it's quite difficult to get comfortable for any actual sleep on a long haul "business class" flight with the type of seat that Emirates installed on the 777-300ER. Based on my actual flight and in-airport experiences, I'd rank business class on other airlines much higher than Emirates business class. For long haul travel between Asia and the US, I'd even rank Philippine Airlines business class in a higher category than Emirates, particular because Philippine Airlines business class fares are typically several to many hundreds of USD cheaper than Emirates best business class fares, and you aren't subjected to any undisclosed trickery relating to business class lounge access. I'll avoid Emirates in the future, for sure - Emirates is way overpriced for what you actually get. Come to think of it, for a route between Asia and NYC through the Mideast, I'd have to say premium economy on Qatar Airlines is a much better value for the money, with a reasonably good comfort level as well as excellent service, as compared to Emirates business class.
  Manchester to Denpasar Bali via Dubai. A faultless flight. Chauffeur pickup on time, good lounge at MAN, both flights on time, professional and helpful cabin crew, excellent food - red snapper on MAN/DXB leg was restaurant quality. I found the seats very comfortable on both aircraft. I appreciate that some do not like the slight incline of Emirates' lie-flat seats on the 777 but it's never bothered me and I had 6 hours' sleep on the leg to DPS. For me, this is exactly what flying should be.
 Male to Dubai. We boarded our flight and proceeded to wait on the tarmac for 3.5-hours! The flight was then canceled but because we started calling customer service while on the tarmac we were 2 of 300+ people that were able to get on the next flight which then waited on the tarmac for 1 more hour making us miss our connecting flight which then made us miss our next connection. The worst part was when we got to Dubai we had a 5 hour layover until our next rebooked flight. Emirates wouldn't get us a hotel because it was less than 8 hours and they wouldn't let us in their lounge because we weren't business class. We sat at the airport 2 hrs for our flight, we sat on the tarmac for 3.5 hours, then we sat on the tarmac for 1 hour, then we sat on the flight for 4 hours and got to the airport and were told there was no compensation, no accommodations, no customer service. We needed to sit at the airport for 5 hours until we could sit on our 14-hour flight. We spoke w, 3 different representatives, at different counters as well as customer service on the phone and Emirates refused to take any responsibility for 2 extremely late flights and the nightmare we were going through. I heard Emirates was nice and took care of their customers but that is definitely not true.
  Shanghai to Gatwick via Dubai. I bought an Emirates student fare one-way ticket as they promoted in China, so the value for money is relatively good. I initially just wanted to use it as an opportunity to experience A380 (my first impression of Emirates at that time) as well as avoiding more expensive one-way fare of British Airways, but it turned out that the flying experience was really more stable than  other planes I had experienced, and the touchdown on the runway was also the best experience in my lifetime. The seat was a little bit too narrow for me, so I gave only four stars. The meal was really delicious and fitted well to my taste.
  Brisbane to Zurich via Dubai. After hearing nothing but great things about Emirates I have been left so disappointed. Our first leg from Brisbane to Dubai started with them not giving my 7 year old daughter her meal. Not only did they forget the first meal of the 14hr flight but I had to ask them again for the second meal. Approximately 4 hours out from Dubai the oxygen masks dropped from the panels above. After 15 long minutes we were advised that they thought it is a technical issue. Passengers were then asked to fold up the oxygen masks as best we could and they were left hanging in front of us. Following this there was no in-flight entertainment or service for the remainder of the flight. No compensation was offered and staff seemed more concerned about passengers who were recording the incident. After our horrendous flight and poor service from Brisbane, I asked at Heathrow about an upgrade and was told flights to Brisbane were fully booked. This was not true as the Dubai to Brisbane leg was half empty and many people had three seats to themselves. The check in procedure at Heathrow we had to use the self service machines and this was not made clear until we had already queued for 25 minutes. There were no toilets in the lounges at Heathrow and Dubai which meant that once you had shown your passport and ticket and gone into the lounge you had to go back outside to the toilets and then queue again. Our flight from London departed at 9pm. My daughter didn’t end up getting her meal until 11.50pm. It took them 2.5hrs to commence the meal service. The flight from Dubai to Brisbane was no better. My 7 year old needed to go to the toilet as soon as we got on the plane and the toilet hadn’t been cleaned. My 7 year old fell asleep on take off so I asked if her meal could be kept for later when she woke up. I was told this was not a problem however when I asked for it 7 hours later I was told we she couldn’t have as they couldn’t reheat it. I then had to ask if I could at least get the other food that didn’t require being reheated. The customer service on three of the four flights was absolutely appalling. The flight attendants were not pleasant and friendly.  On one flight I pressed the buzzer for some water due to my daughter being asleep on me and no-one attended at all – the plane landed 1.5 hours after I pressed the buzzer and we disembarked. I could not get over the amount of time the seat belt signs came on when there was barely any turbulence. On top of this, the excessive amount of time they kept the seatbelt sign on when there was no turbulence was ridiculous. At one point it had been on for over one hour and my daughter needed the toilet. We got up to go to the toilet and I was told I would be going at our own risk.  It felt to me that they kept the seat belt sign on for an extended period so the crew got out of doing work. I have travelled extensively for the past 20 years and Emirates is the worst airline I have ever flown with. Do not waste your money. I will never fly with them again.
  My last trip was in January from Bengaluru to Rome and back, via Dubai. The flight from Bengaluru to Dubai on 29th January, good service, food and punctuality. However, the best service that I ever got on Emirates till now, was on the Dubai to Rome flight, EK 97 on the same day. The flight departed on time, cabin was clean and the cabin crew was very much on their toes to serve the passengers. I would like to particularly appreciate the service by the cabin crew Anthala . I know it is very difficult for the cabin crew to be smiling and go about their job with long hours of flying and adjusting to time differences. I would like to thank and appreciate the service provided by her on this flight. On the return flight from Rome to Bengaluru, the service on the flights was not up to the standards of Emirates.
  Bangkok to Cape Town via Dubai. All 4 flights departed on time. On board service good. Food inedible. Ordered vegan meals which were terrible. Dinner ex Bangkok was rice with peas, carrots and mushroom.  Totally unimaginative meals. Surprised to get an amenity bag on the Dubai to Cape Town sector.  Hot towel also handed out on same sector which is something i haven't seen for a long time. Overall a good experience except Emirates must look at the special meal quality which is very poor. 
  Kolkata to New York JFK via Dubai. I am totally disappointed with their service. During check in when I asked to provide a seat near to my family members (traveling on the same route, but different PNR), the check in agent did not replied anything, but issue the boarding pass with the seat which was randomly assigned 48 hrs prior to the departure. However, the DXB-JFK flight was almost empty, so I can sit with my other family members. Food quality as well as quantity was tremendously poor. They served one meal just after taking off from DXB and another meal just before arrival in JFK. No other meal in between for this almost 15 hrs journey except a biscuit size pizza slice.  I pre ordered hindu non veg meal. During food service, I informed the cabin crews about my change of seat, but one crew served me a packet saying Hindu non-veg meal which was not hindu meal. My all other family members got different foods in their hindu meal.  The most confusing in the  journey was Emirates hotel policy. I booked a ticket from Emirates website with fare basis economy saver and 13 hrs stop over in Dubai having no shorter connection. My family members purchased same economy save ticket with almost same fare but from agents and they got Dubai Connect voucher. I suggest Emirates to provide the hotel eligibility during the booking process. Probably, I would not book via Emirates website then. The only good thing in the journey was availability of wheel chair in all airport.
 I had endured a very busy trip to Dubai and really needed to relax on the flight back to the UK. The whole crew were the best I’ve ever flown with. They were happy to be of service to even the most demanding of passengers. I enjoyed a drink in the bar, a super lunch and relaxed all the way home. It surpassed my needs and expectations by some margin! Bravo to all the crew. My most relaxing and enjoyable flight ever!
 Customer service and good hospitality has gone out of the window for this money grabbing airline. Emirates airline failed to provide a refund for a ticket I paid for my 87 year old grandad who refused to fly on a 13 hour delayed flight. On the 13 hour delayed flight they looked after us in the UK but on the delayed 12 hour stay in Dubai they didn’t even offer us a bottle of water at the airport and then sent us to a terminal with no baby changing facilities or services for a 6 hours. I paid for a sub standard lounge myself out of necessity for my family but Emirates refused any hospitality or compensation. Inflight food was horrible. On the return journey the scones, clotted cream and jam was acceptable but the rest of the 6 meals we had on the other 3 flights were horrible. Emirates beef and mash - meat was too large and overcooked to be edible, sauce saltier than sea water and a salad of sweetcorn. Emirates directly employed staff are great but third party ground handling staff are horrible. No customer service skills at all shown in Mumbai. They didn’t even offer a buggy for my child in a massive airport and then went on to charge me an extortionate amount for 17kg excess baggage. No hospitality in Dubai, forget a lounge, no information communication or water when delayed with a family. Their profit grabbing has lead to a simple burger and fries meal costing £20 for 1 person and a sub standard lounge at £180 at my expense! By far the worst airline from the airlines I have been on: Etihad, Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines, South African airlines, Air India, Turkish Airlines, Indigo, BA and Cathay. Contact customer service and receive nothing citing rules where they can basically extortion money from trapped passengers. Ridiculous, never ever again.
 Venice to Dubai via Singapore. One or two of your female flight attendants when serving did not talk to the passenger. One lady attendant just simply waited for me to ask the passenger next to me what she wanted for her drink. Some of your staff were really quite unwilling to even say "Goodbye" or "Thank you" when we were leaving. This is really unacceptable in the service industry. Several years ago, I find Emirates to be really good. I cannot say the same now. Really sad that the service standard has depreciated so much. 
  Cape Town to Manchester via Dubai. I have had 4 journeys and 8 flights now with Emirates. This time from Cape Town to Dubai which is over 9 hours. The seats are uncomfortable for such a long flight, the food is pathetic and the snack isn’t worth serving. The service is non existent and if you want a drink of alcohol you have to call or go to a section in the aircraft where you have to ask. Our terminal transfer on the way back was a 10 minute walk and a 15 minute bus. Be very careful as Emirates have got far too big and service is now very poor.
  London to Dhaka via Dubai. Awful service between Dubai to Dhaka. They treat the customers really badly in that sector . We were not even allowed to take 1 hand luggage which was within the 7kg. When I questioned politely why we are not allowed to take handbag onboard, I was threatened that I shall not be allowed to board and should go at the back of the line as I have missed my chance to be boarded.
  Dubai to Islamabad. I upgraded my return from Dubai to Business Class and to get lounge access in Dubai. In a nutshell, my experience of the lounge and the flight was underwhelming. The Emirates Business Class lounge at Dubai airport, although huge, is dated and so big that it becomes inconvenient.  Huge, but so convenient to navigate so one has to keep walking, hoping to find anything. The food was average. The service was courteous. The flight was not even 3 hours but what really made it an unpleasant experience was the attitude of the air hostess serving my side. The welcome on board was anything but warm. I thought, maybe they are busy and it will get better. I am short and had a heavy backpack and a duty-free shopping bag in my hand. I was struggling to open the overhead bin but she did not offer to help me or open the bin for me. On the contrary, when I asked where to put it she just gestured and ignored that I was in a pickle. Thankfully, a fellow passenger got up to help me. The air hostess's attitude continued for the rest of the flight - once she was passing by and I stopped her for a glass of water and she almost did an eye roll when she stopped. I did not pay extra for this. Honestly, my experience with Emirates Economy when going to Dubai was better than this. The biggest turn off is a staff with an attitude. Fine, they probably do not like the Dubai to Pakistan sector but that is not my fault. We pay a good amount and honestly, it does not take much to be nice and courteous. So disappointed, especially when I thought Emirates business class would be the best experience. The 2-3-2 configuration is poor, the wifi never worked,. Going to avoid this from now onwards.
  We had a flight from Tehran to Auckland via Dubai in January 2020. Due to the Ukrainian flight crash, our flight was rescheduled twice by Emirates, which means we had to have 20.5 hr of stop in Dubai. We called the airline office in Tehran to see our options of accommodation in Dubai. They said yes due to a stop longer than 13 hrs the airline must provide accommodation for you but they didn’t have access to the hotel booking system and asked us to address this issue in emirates airline counter in Dubai airport. We arrived in Dubai and asked about the hotel booking option. Surprisingly they said we cannot have any accommodation provided by airline, and it is not their problem! We had arguments about the airline policy and they were refusing to show us the policy and just giving us some wrong information that it is in their policy and they cannot provide accommodation. After 2 hrs of discussion and argument, they finally provided a twin room for three people. We were really disappointed. I had a surgery on my neck about two weeks before the flight which and had to ask the cabin crew to open the head locker for me. I asked one of the crews for the first time, he opened the head locker for me and said “don’t ask me again to do that for you, I’ve got back pain!”. I won’t fly with Emirates anymore.
  Chicago to Hyderabad via Dubai. My wife and I bought business class tickets from the airline directly. After getting the boarding pass we wanted to go their lounge. We were informed that we are not allowed to use the lounge as we had a different category of business class ticket, I have traveled in business class on many airlines and this is the first time we have been denied lounge privileges. Buying a ticket on sale means we get the same Privileges for lesser money. We felt like we were economy class passenger. We are determined never to travel Emirates again.
 Bangkok to Birmingham via Dubai. Two seamlessly-efficient A380 flights. Although both with the older versions, with the slightly curious bar area, the cabin crew were excellent – efficient, courteous and chatty. The Emirates lounge in Bangkok is excellent with a good selection of food and drink, including champagne, and boarding was handled efficiently with business passengers having their own line. As ever with this route, the Wi-Fi connectivity varied – at times it was very fast and others did not work at all. Food on the flight was tasty and the crew were diligent in ensuring that glasses were topped up. The connection in Dubai was easy, without any terminal change, and the lounge gave easy access to the aircraft. On arriving in Birmingham, our bags were waiting on the carousel before we had progressed through the slow immigration process.
  Johannesburg to Phuket via Dubai. First time on Emirates and expected the outstanding service and comfort that  friends have been talking about. I did not experience that. On both legs, crew was unfriendly and not very welcoming. The senior crew member on the outbound leg was exceptionally kind, but for the rest of the team it felt like they were just fulfilling a duty. On the return flight, the crew member got my drinks and food order wrong twice - and when I pointed it out, she looked annoyed as if it was my fault. Having flown with many other airlines before, I still rate Qatar Airways top, and Swiss as my second best in terms of quality of service, quality of food and overall customer experience.
  JFK - MXP - JFK, back and forth on an A380 with Emirates. Fantastic service starting from the ground at the check in counters (in both MXP and JFK) to in-flight. Spacious seats, good in flight entertainment and nice array of drinks offered. Only point with room for improvement are the meals - reasonably good but not on par with all the rest.
  Hamburg to Tehran via Dubai. We flow with a baby. On the ongoing flight it was not as we expected. Staff were not so welcoming and equipment was bad. There was a bassinet which was too high that you have to stand up to be able to see the baby. There is air conditioning which blow air directly to the baby and there was a huge tv directly on top of the bassinet which changes the view every minutes and in the night it annoy the baby. When bassinet were installed it is impossible to use table to tv. There is a trolley on airport but it is not suitable for younger than 6 month babies. There is no gate check for your own trolley. They do not accept it. I contacted and asked if i can checkin my carry on luggage which is so common for other airlines, they said i can but while getting boarding pass they did not accept it, so i had to go with 3 carry on luggage and baby seat in. Over all the going flight was not good. On the way back the first flight was delayed and i had less than 40 minutes to catch next flight and staff was helpful. Even though the flight had 50 minutes delay in take off. The return flight was better and we had better seats but tv and airconditionning issue still the same. Another annoying issue was staff does not know anything. Every question you ask they will reply the same, i will ask and let you know which never happened. The only flight which staff was helpful was from Dubai to Hamburg. The rest of the staff was not good.
  Flew Dubai to Denpasar return. Overall dissatisfied mainly due to the limited amount of drink runs provided by staff. The flight is over 9 hours long plus being stuck on the tarmac on the outbound flight from Dubai and only three rounds of drinks are provided! So only one drink every three hours which is simply unacceptable. Meanwhile the inflight entertainment warns you to drink sufficiently, making you even more frustrated.
  New York to Perth via Dubai. Our outbound was delayed from Newark and I was concerned on our entire flight that we would miss our connection in Dubai. The host assured me Emirates had the ability to hold any flight for up to one hour, and that we would make our connection. We arrived only to find we had missed our connection by 20 minutes. We were devastated, as this was the only flight out that day, and were told we would have to spend 24 hours in Dubai. There was no one on the ground to help us, so we made our own way to customer service. The staff were rude and completely unapologetic that we would lose 24hrs from our vacation. They told us to go to the hotel and didn't give us any guidance as to how to get our baggage, or even where our baggage would end up. The flight they rebooked us on allocated us seats at the back of the plane, as if losing 24hrs wasn't punishment enough. We then spent a further 3 hours at the airport, trying to get our seats moved and also secure our baggage. Even more concerning than all of this, there was no guidance around what it meant to enter the UAE and what we should be careful of medication-wise. When we went through customs to enter Dubai, they searched my bag and started questioning myself and my husband for sleep medication I had with me. It was incredibly disturbing and made even worse later finding out my husband had both Benedryl and pseudoephedrine - two over the counter drugs that are jailable offences in the UAE without a prescription! This is a complete lack of duty of care by Emirates.  This is disgusting behavior and not what I expect of what is said to be a premium airline. The above, and the complete lack of empathy I received from Emirates staff has been a completely awful experience. Emirates should be ashamed you are charging the fees you charge for this type of treatment.
 Perth to London via Dubai. This is the first time I have flown with Emirates  The staff were all so friendly and knowledgeable. I flew in Economy class, and it was still very good. The cleanliness of the lavatories and the aircraft was above the standard. The food was also very nice. Only negative for me is the WiFi.
  Birmingham to Bangkok via Dubai, excellent flights on new A380 aircraft. Cabin crew were friendly, efficient and ensured that we received excellent service. One criticism – which was shared by other passengers and indeed cabin crew we spoke to – is the appalling choice of music played when boarding the aircraft. We heard a number of songs dating back to the 1970s and 1980s which we had hoped we would never hear again. Although boarding was efficient, exiting was more chaotic. The problem is that both business and economy passengers are converging on the same exit which meant that it took an inordinate amount of time get off the aircraft. Why pay for a business ticket if you can’t enjoy the advantages?
  Singapore to New York via Dubai. For this trip to JFK we decided to travel 1st time with emirates. On the departure date the journey was more than 21 hours from Singapore. The staff in the plane were arrogant and unhelpful. They were unwilling to help even for taking hot water for my other baby to make milk. Imagine requesting for hot water for baby milk (1st time on to the flight) and was greeted with an unhappy face from the crew. This is not during the period where everyone were required to remain seated. We are family of 8. Our baby 24 mths old and 4 mths old were not making things easy. The staff was rude to us from the start.  We were not demanding passenger nor were we rude at any time. We had on many occasions called them by pressing the button but at all times nobody came to our seat to attend to us. This is far from what we called excellent service coming from an international airline.  They told us to put up the hand carry luggage ourselves when my 13 yr old daughter had difficulties on 1 occasion. On another occasion there were clean pair of socks on the floor and they told us to clean that up. I was appalled by the choice of words they used. They even make unhappy faces when we requested for drinks as kids were thirsty. I am not a big eater but even i find that the food provided was insufficient in portion. We should have been served a proper meal for the last meal but instead we were given a small piece of pizza. As we were all very hungry on that day and Halal food was difficult to find at JFK airport we had to travel very far to have our meal at Philadelphia, the only place we know there were authentic halal food. This is from my experience. I was never required to send a feedback on service by an airline but our experience on 24 Dec with Emirates has left us so disappointed that we have no choice but to write this review.
  Stansted to Singapore via Dubai. The flight was long and arduous due to flooding at Dubai airport. This was obviously out of Emirates control. However the lost my bag, and as I was travelling on official business I was forced to purchase a replacement suit and medication. I first rang the emirates number in Singapore and spoke to an individual who told me they would email about the case. No email arrived. A week later I was passing through the airport again and went to the Emirates desk. The member of staff was incredibly rude, and informed me it was nothing she could help with (in fact she just sat shaking her head for most of the conversation). I then rang the Singapore number again and the member of staff informed me I would have to complain. I explained that I did not want to complain, but was just looking to have a normal conversation with a member of staff. The cost of the replacement clothes was modest. Anyway, I then used the feedback form online to send my request, and received nothing back after 3 days. Emirates do not provide an email address. My next step was to speak with someone on online chat function, who informed me it could take up to 30 days to respond to my complaint. I expressed incredulity at this number. My only conclusion is that Emirates does not do customer service - unless that is, you want to buy a business class ticket. It has been a very frustrating and sorry affair. The lack of clear information, mixed messages, is very frustrating. Individual members of staff seem to have no authority to deal with a problem, which speaks to a dysfunctional and frustrating work environment.
 Hong Kong to Paris via Dubai with Emirates. Had great 6 days stopover in Dubai. Value for money! The best entertainment system on board for sure. Loved their live TV, but unfortunately it is not available on all flights. Meals are just okay, service is slow and disorganized. They take out blankets and headsets from the people 40 minutes before landing, while people moving to the toilets up and down aisles and it creates such a mess in the cabin. 
 Paris to Hong Kong via Dubai with Emirates. Great on board entertainment. Good seats. Spacious A380. Meals are just okay, they tend to run out of options frequently. Service is slow and disorganized. It's different from flight to flight. They take out blankets and headsets from the people 40 minutes before landing, while people moving to the toilets up and down aisles and it creates such a mess in the cabin. I really don't like those forceful advertisements before landing in Dubai. There are too many of them, too long, too noisy!
  Lisbon to Sydney via Dubai. The connection flight was overbooked, they did not allow us out of the plane so that we could get to our connection flight, and they rebooked us on the next day flight, and told us to go to the business lounge and wait. when I tried to make a complaint, they didn't want to know. The compensation was 15,000 reward points, no apology, no care. On the flight the next day, the TV in front of us at the back of the plane did not work.
  Hong Kong to Prague via Dubai. I could lie down and sleep in economy class because of the low load factor.  The aircraft was well-decorated and the legroom was satisfying. nThey have the best inflight entertainment system. The tickets were relatively cheap. The cabin crew were generally friendly. Dubai is not a passenger-friendly airport. It is quite frustrating to travel around. The airport is  massive but the train does not run through the entire airport. The cabin crew had not been too eager to serve. They sat in the galley for most of the time. When a passenger needed anything, instead of hitting the bell, they went to the galley and ask for their needs. The toilets were quite dirty. Although it takes 8 hours to fly from Hong Kong to Dubai, they only serve two meals (one hot and one cold).  Passengers needed to wait for 6 hours for another meal.
  Barcelona to Mexico City. I boarded Emirates flight EK255 at Barcelona airport. We were assigned D19 gate, once the boarding started they made us go down a spiral staircase to the exterior, to wait for a bus to arrive after fifteen minutes to a far away location from to board by steps.  The unacceptable fact is that once the passengers got off the bus, soaking under the storm, the crew hindered the traffic, stopping the passengers outside the airplane access door to check their documents before allowing entry, despite having credited our access at the boarding gate and when boarding the bus. It is ridiculous that security measures are so poorly coordinated that they need to check the boarding passes three times. After twenty minutes under the rain, I managed to enter the plane. Before occupying my seat seat -7K- right next to the door, a second flight attendant asked me for my boarding pass, preventing me from sitting until I showed it. It was a pleasant experience to arrive in Spain by Aeromexico, while leaving with Emirates has been a terrible disappointment.
  Johannesburg to San Francisco via Dubai. I traveled to San Francisco  for important business meetings. After experiencing almost 4 hours of delays I was informed on my arrival (12 Jan. 2020) in SF, Emirates informed me that my baggage had been lost. I was asked to complete a form and was told that the bag would be delivered to my hotel the next day. This was already upsetting because I didn't have clean clothes and would be attending my first meeting the following morning. I was forced to buy a clean set of clothes. After being told that Emirates would be in contact with me, and having heard nothing from the company I decided to call them later that day, only to find out that my baggage would only arrive the next day (14 Jan. 2020). As upsetting as this was, I didn't want to spend more money to rectify their mistake, so I borrowed a set of clothes from my colleague for our meetings the following day. Once again, not hearing anything from Emirates, I called them the morning of the 14th to ensure that everything will be taken care of. However, when I returned to my hotel later the afternoon my bag still was not delivered. Once again, I called Emirates just to hear that there was not anything they could do to resolve my issue, I was simply asked to wait. Now I will have to spend more money fixing their mistake. The lack service, communication and professionalism I received from Emirates has been distasteful. There has been no effort from their side to rectify their mistake, which is appalling for a company who consider themselves a leader in business travel. For this reason, I believe one should rather avoid using their services if you are time-pressed and have important meetings to attend.
  Brisbane to Singapore. Five star pricing but two star hospitality. Once the passengers boarded the plane and after the crew members checked everything was all good, the crew  were nowhere to be found until the last 90 minutes before arrival, which was the meal service time. The experience during the meal service was unpleasant and chaotic, you can see the crew were rushing. In flight entertainment screen resolution was bad.
 Hong Kong to Mauritius via Dubai. Emirates check-in at HK fast. Very early flight, they don't do the day before check-in anymore. Lounge huge, well-stocked and near the gate. 777 was half empty, lovely service from the crew. Breakfast really small, lunch was huge, very tasty. TV and all tech good, seat and cabin clean. Limo service excellent, really slick. A380 to Mauritius is excellent. Drinks in the bar with a friendly crew. Food is excellent, great drinks choice. More bathrooms. Return to Dubai same, very good. Return to Hk excellent. They have a much higher crew ratio than CX. Everything very good. App worked really well and honestly CX should take notes.
  Cairo to Dubai. Has been more than 5 hours now waiting at check in counter to board on the 12:25pm flight. Initially we were advised the flight is cancelled and they are checking for alternatives. We were surprised to know that other passengers with us were secured seats on the next flight and already checked in! Until now we dont have any answer or information on what to do next and Emirates airlines employees refuse to give us any information and some are very rude. In addition, the Emirates application keeps on changing the flight time every 2 hrs from 12:25 to 14:00 to 16:29 to 17:00 which is very misleading and frustrating!
  Sydney to Nairobi via Dubai. My seat did not recline. No help from staff. My 3rd flight with Emirates in a row where there has been a problem. Standards have fallen below requirement. And good luck getting a response from their team afterwards. 
  Had checked in on-line for an 11:50 Dubai to Athens flight on Dec 11th. My taxi arrived at 10:40 due to the unusually heavy rain that day. Run to drop off my luggage. An Emirates employee tried to call for about 5 minutes boarding, without any reply. Then he refused to put me on the flight and said ‘sorry you are 2 minutes late’.  Didn’t try to find a solution. Asked me to file a complaint, send back a standardized reply about timings and not referring to any of my questions. Emirates people smile and talk nicely, but when things get serious they really don’t care about their customer, have no empathy, make mistakes and even worse pretend to care. Shiny on the outside, irresponsible on the inside.
  Seriously disappointing. I got extremely bad in-flight service from Dubai to Lisbon. Crew did not seem to know what they are doing, food was very bad, no drinks served in a timely manner.
  I regret selecting Emirates over Qatar Airways because I was flying Muscat to Singapore via Dubai and due to a delayed first leg I had to rush to my next flight. While I made it to the gate on time, I was upset because my seat had been given away and I was rebooked on the next flight. This is also not the first overbooking incident that I have heard of. This is unacceptable as the decision for that was taken out of my hands. Having arrived at the boarding gate on time and being told that my seat was given to someone else was upsetting. When I finally got on the plane at 1.05am, there were a lot of issues with seating allocation since some families and couples were separated as well. 
  Kuala Lumpur to London via Dubai. KL to DXB has no issue at all. Was a smooth aircraft n service. The meals and services were good. But the problem has started with flight EK001 while flying to London. I already booked a preference seat and also requested a special hindhu vegetarian meal choice. But without my consent, there was a couple sit in my seat and asking me to exchange the seat. I didn't made any argument just accepted without any sorry and thanks from them. Later on when the special meals (veggie/kids meals) were distributing I have told a cabin crew that I made a special request for meals and exchange my seat. Please take note of it and give the meals to me to this new seat. After a second another crew came to me and begging at me said she wrongly delivered the food to the couple and accept her apologies. Still, I was keeping my calm. Later on, they offered me a bun which contains eggs. I've highlighted to the crew that Hindhu vegetarian meals doesn't contain beef and eggs. Why didn't check my request before distributing the foods. The crew came again and said  sorry.  Now same 2nd incident happened while from UK to Dubai on 31/12/19 on EK008. While the breakfast distributing I found my meals contain eggs. During lunch meals, a crew came and told me that she forgot my veggie meals request and I was offered a fruit platter. Sadly I cannot enjoy just a pineapple alone, I just avoided.  My next flight EK344 didn't offer welcome drinks and meals / snacks before landing. Emirates we pay the hefty price the service. But I didn't know you have cost-cutting strategy.
  Perth to London via Dubai. This is the first time I have flown with Emirates and amazing service. Very good entertainment. The blanket and pillow was very useful. The staff were very friendly.  I was in Economy class, and it was still a very pleasant experience. You get what you pay for. Will definitely fly with Emirates again.
  This was my first time with Emirates, from the chauffeur service, the A380 is better than the A350 for me. The A350 is good, but it lacks space and a bar. You can't beat it. The Emirates lounge at AKL airport is the best I have visited. Best food etc, easily. Unusually, the Emirates lounge at Dubai was fairly underwhelming. Huge, but poor food choices etc, rather mediocre for a hub of that size. Emirates staff great and helpful, friendly etc, can't fault them, Buying a BC ticket from AKL to LHR isn't cheap so price is a serious deciding factor for me. I look forward to the return journey in Jan.
  Amman to Dubai in February 2019. Great airline and a good experience with them, the only bad point is the food. The entertainment is superb and the seat is comfortable. there is also blankets, as well as charging point.
  Dubai to Singapore. Maybe the suite is somewhat dated but I find it more fun to travel in an A380 as in a 777. The service was outstanding. The food was of a better quality when flying ex Dubai. We had to notice that aside the outstanding Dom Pérignon 2008 the choice of wines - especially in red - is of a lower standard when flying to an Asian destination as travelling to Europe.
 Melbourne to Birmingham via Dubai. As a travel blogger I was very excited to fly onboard the A380 with Emirates. Unfortunately that excitement was shortly met when dealing with the Emirates staff. When I approached staff to ask questions about the flight and cabin configuration, the staff were dismissive and rude. Upon being onboard I did request to see some inflight shop items to review, in which was never bought out for the entire flight. I can say though the inflight meals and entertainment system was very good, I’m very disappointed about the customer service of the staff.
  Brussels to Malé via Dubai. A couple of years ago business class of Emirates and Qatar were similar but Emirates is sliding down a bit while my experience with Qatar Airways is always top. This time both flights were really not okay: Crew showed no or little interest in you and was chatting in the galley; before, cabin staff  introduced herself to each passenger, not anymore; ICE system not working properly, finally this was solved by a stewardess. Food not bad, but average, no hot towels before takeoff; no amenity kit anymore, new business class with 3 middle seats is strange choice, and claustrophobic, certainly middele seat. Second flight in an a bit outdated an not so clean 777; badly organised priority boarding for business (in fact almost none) in DXB. 
  I was on a 7 hour flight from Rome to Dubai ,There was an extremely loud group of people standing and talking behind us. I called sup on an air hostess to deal with the matter he replied with no problem and did not do a thing. I do so a second and third time and only the fourth time did he call upon someone to talk to the group that were standing and not even seated for well over an hour and a half. I could not enjoy my sleep nor rest and had to call upon help so many times to not be helped ? That was truly horrible and a terrible flight.
  Brussels to Dubai. There are a lot of nice items however some details should be improved. The suite in a 777 in first is extremely well designed; the wines during the flight were great including Dom Pérignon of 2008 and even a First growth Bordeaux Ch Margaux 2004. Aside of the caviar, despite Emirates still not give pearl spoons, the food could be better. For first class it was just Ok - despite the very friendly service. Emirates is very generous with the drinks in first, refills, dessert wines digestives. I did not ask for the breakfast - it was too early for me 4.30AM Dubai time. Passengers do get a pyjama and decent amenity bag. In a 777 there are 2 restrooms for a maximum of 6 people, however the space is very limited. The Belgian chocolates are replaced by some chocolates made in the UK.
  Dubai to Moscow. After flying many times, today I come to know that meal preference does not means that we will get. So if you're vegetarian better to carry own food rather than depending on airline.
 Perth to Dubai. Painless check-in which combined with smooth boarding ensured the wheels left the ground precisely on time, underlining what can be achieved by a competently managed airport and airline working harmony. Young mostly male crew responsive to specific calls but not seen much otherwise, e.g., water rounds during the night. Two good vegetarian meals let down by the enshrined practice of UAE major carriers of treating requesting special meals with antipathy if not contempt, no drink service and trays not collected for 2 hours or more. Given the premium price demanded by Emirates, particularly if travelling to / from the UAE, reasonable to ask for rather more.
  London to Sydney via Dubai. I fly with Emirates on a yearly basis after generally having good experiences with them – even in Economy. Flying to Sydney this year it’s clear to see an awful lot of cost-cutting at play with the Economy Class product. While EK will get you from A to B in relative comfort, gone are the days of personalised service, care for passengers or the little perks that used to make travelling with them so great – with items such as hot towels having been ditched. It’s a shame to see EK go down this route, but it’s unlikely they’ll be my go to option in future – unless the price is right.
  Dubai to Manchester. I find that when you fly Emirates you tend to get one of two types of experience in the Business Class cabin. You are either totally blown away by the friendliness and the level of service or you are totally underwhelmed and thinking that you should have spent your money elsewhere. This flight was the latter of the two. The crew could not be less interested in the passengers. They spent most of their time on the flight in the galley say down chatting amongst themselves. The flight was a night flight and they said it was a reduced service flight! I explained that I was hungry so they gave me two tepid seafood dishes - revolting. The A380 was a 2 class model and quite frankly had seen better days and looked in need of a clean. Emirates need to lift their game if they want to keep up with the likes of Qatar, Cathay, Asiana or even Qantas or Air NZ. This was a poor effort by them, they could not care less and it showed.
  Sydney to Dubai in first class was not amazing it was nice. The service was adequate, the seat was comfortable, the entertainment was what you expect on Emirates, i.e. lots of it but not any films that I  was really excited about, but enough to keep you entertained. The only thing for me on the flight that was a stand out was the catering that was very good, as was the wine selection - which strangely enough was not top shelf wines but very good middle of the road wine. What was bizarre for me was the lack of training in the food and wine that the crew had. Did not know the wines and served the caviar with a metal spoon. I asked for a bone spoon and they said that they did not have any - and when I pointed out that metal reacts with the caviar and that is why it is not normally used, they looked at me if I was from the moon. Also bad practice was making First passengers pay for wifi. The flight was a code share with Qantas and the crew kept telling me wifi was free if I joined their FF programme. When I pointed out I was Qantas they said oh well you have to pay then. I think that that Qatar Airways QSuite business class is a better product than the EK first class, but that is just me. So nice flight, I would not rush back, neither would I have concerns about flying again.
  Dubai to Singapore in January 2019. There is nothing that I can criticize in the regular case. A professional crew, incredible meals, amenities and shower in the plane. Pyjamas and comfortable bed. The first class cabin in some A380-800 may look outdated compared to new version on 777 but this is just a side note.
  New York to Kolkata via Dubai. We were able to get adjacent seats in bulkhead, giving us a good bit of leg space and being at the edge in the centre section of a 3x4x3 layout, the flight to Dubai left us feeling less cramped. The plane was organized in a way that offered spaces to stand and stretch and the bathrooms on the flight to Dubai were tidy. We were served ample meals and liquor was provided on request. Snacks were laid out in the galley. The collection of films to view was huge -- in fact, selecting from this immense library was a challenge. Good head sets were provided. Flight attendants were friendly and I thought their uniforms were attractive. The wait at Dubai to connect to Calcutta was several hours but the airport is a shopper's paradise. I found the prices on liquor competitive and there were many international shops and eateries. The terminals were clean  with ample seating. The security check between flights was smooth. At JFK on boarding, a camera snapped our picture; the boarding passes themselves were not scanned. We had economy class tickets but on boarding at Dubai, we found a cabin crew member selling empty seats in business class. He had a mobile credit card reader. We paid for two tickets. The business class was in a 2x3x2 layout and was uncrowded.  The cabin felt old fashioned and the seats did not go to 180 degrees; it was angled, but comfortable nevertheless. Attendants were  very pleasant. Duty free shopping was available and I picked up a a few cosmetics. No landing cards were provided. Neither were any amenity kits, though a pair of socks and a eye shade in a plastic wrapper was in the magazine pocket. The TV screens were on the wall separating the biz class cabin from first class. All the flights were on schedule. Emirates does not belong to any of the big 3 alliances. The only US airline you can get points with is Jet Blue. My first time with Emirates left a positive impression. If they were members of one of the alliances, I would fly with them again.
 London to Bangkok via Dubai. Another great set of flights with Emirates, flying from London to Dubai with a 2 hour stop over and then on to Bangkok Then from Bangkok to Dubai (5 day stop), then back to London. Flights were on time, had a great selection of inflight entertainment, food and service excellent as always. In my opinion Emirates is one of the best airlines I've flown with and I've flown with a lot of airlines.
  London to Khartoum via Dubai. The worst airline I have taken.  I had 18 hour connection in Dubai. The airline told me that I am not eligible for hotel stay. I have flied with Egyptair, Jordanian and Qatar Airways before and they offered me hotel of my connection was greater than 8 hours. But Emirates did not offer me hotel and was left to wait overnight 18 hours in the airport. It is my first and last time to fly with Emirates.
  Dallas to Dubai. This is truly the worst airline that I have every flown in. Disgusting customer service in ground and on board. The food is horrible, from cheap Pizza to terrible taste and tough chicken for dinner. The flight attendants are horrible and disappear for hours and leave the kitchen area unattended for hours. I paid $150 extra for a seat that had extra legroom and I had people constantly stepping on my toes and they were standing in front of my seat talking and when I complained, the flight attendant went to the people and other than telling them to return to their seats, instead the flight attendants was making fun of me. Other airlines prevent customers from assembling near the kitchen area and emergency doors, but not this airline. 
  Trivandrum to New York via Dubai. I have been a regular customer on Emirates Airlines for the last 5 years and chose this airline over many others because of the great service in the past. However, in my most recent travels, I have experienced poor management of flight connections in Dubai Airport. Due to this, I have missed several flights to New York, have been stranded in Dubai for days, have lost or missed my baggage, or have had to run at top speed to barely make it to my gate on time. There is technically only a tight 1 hour and 15-minute layover in Dubai but lately, the flight from TRV to Dubai has been arriving 30-45 minutes late due to an inability to get a gate. This of course suggests poor planning and organizing on your airline’s behalf. This delay leaves about 20 minutes for us to deboard the plane, figure out our new gate, clear security (twice), and arrive at our departing flight. It is almost impossible to do this especially for customers who are first time travelers, older, disabled, or impaired. As an asthmatic, the marathon run I had to make from Terminal C to Terminal A led to bad wheezing and could have resulted in a medical emergency if I had not carried my inhaler. Several times, we only barely made our Dubai to JFK flight because we paid for preferred seats in the front of the plane allowing us to leave quickly. Despite experiencing this incredibly stressful connection, Emirates staff provides no support to help us off the flight quickly. In fact, on our December 12th flight when we alerted the flight attended about our very tight connection (EK201 was already boarding when we landed), she dismissively told us “everyone has a connection flight not just you”. She also argued with my father and I for 5 minutes further delaying our exit from the plane. This is poor management and could be remedied by announcing the names of passengers with very tight connections. However, it seems Emirates no longer cares about their customers. Due to our marathon run, we did make our flight on December 12th, but my relief was short-lived. We were informed that all 3 of our checked bags were not loaded and would instead arrive on EK203 on December 13th at 8:00 am. On December 13th, I called the Emirates number for baggage services at 9am and was told my bags had arrived and JFK and needed to clear customs before it was delivered to my home. I was also informed that I would be updated on my baggage status- which did not occur. My family and I were put through hell to get our baggage back. We had to contact Emirates 5-7 times within the day. At one point, a chat service agent gave us conflicting information insisting that our baggage was still in Dubai despite being told otherwise many times. Ultimately after and exhausting flight and while still jetlagged we had to stay up until 2:30 am calling both Emirates and the delivery company (Bex) every hour till our bags were delivered. Due to the issues detailed above, my family and I have decided to no longer fly Emirates. . I used to be a loyal customer, but your company has really gone down the drain these past few flights and loyalty is not a good enough reason to suffer during my travels. Horrible Service. Horrible Airline.
  Volo eccellente con servizi eccezionali in assistenza e a bordo. Wifi ottimo con pasti a bordo da encomio. Il personale sempre impeccabile nell'assistenza continua - Excellent flight with exceptional assistance and on board services. Wifi excellent with meals on board by commendation. The staff is always impeccable in continuous assistance.
 
  Return trip from Perth to Prague via Emirates. Cannot fault Emirates, clean aircraft, good legroom, good range of food. Chose the late departure from Perth to secure A380 on all 4 legs. 2 hr stopover in Dubai both ways, had to jump on the bus between A and C Gates on way over, but not on way back. Enough signage and staff on hand to point you in right direction. Pre-selected seats which cost AUD$100 all up, but via app was able to tweak them along the way. Before my return legs home I was even able to select seats in rows 47 and then 49 in economy which were previously showing as 'preferred' at a higher cost. I even managed to score spare seats next to me. If you can sit in this smaller section of #40's rows I recommend it as board a little sooner and off quicker as use the front door - just be aware of bassinets at the front. This was my first trip with a set of noise cancelling headphones and they are worth the money! IFE all worked well, few different options for tracking progress of flight and cameras. Didnt use the wifi.
  I've been travelling Emirates for over a decade for work, am a Skywards customer, and have previously always been impressed with the quality of the services on board. However, in the last few years I've seen a decline in the food quality and lounge facilities, as access has grown dramatically. All this is fine, except for a recent incident which has convinced me it's time to switch to another airline for our long haul flights. This past year I was denied boarding on a Dubai-Kolkata leg of a flight while I was enroute to a wedding.  I requested not to be the "random" selection for denied boarding (due to overbooking). I was told as compensation I would be given a return ticket from Dubai to Calcutta, but I explained this had no value to me as someone who lives in Canada and is not based in Dubai. The Agent then  informed me that he had made a note on the file and upon ticketing it could be changed to a ticket from Dubai-Toronto upon calling in. I confirmed verbally with the agent 3 times. It was 2 am, and I retreated to get some sleep. Naturally when I went to use the ticket, I was informed this was not possible. However the Emirates ticketing agents informed me that the ticket could be used to fly from Dubai to Middle East destinations such as Syria, Iraq, Iran and Pakistan and then chuckled. I have spent multiple hours on the phone with Emirates agents trying to sort out the problem, and the service has ranged from excellent and understanding (thank you Connor in Manchester), to rude and gleeful at pulling a bit of a hoax on a customer. Ultimately Emirates refused to honour the guarantees made by the agent (in spite of conducting an investigation which did not result in findings that contradicted my statements), because their agent was a DNATA representative. In short, you cannot trust the folks standing under the Emirates sign at the check-in in Dubai, because Emirates itself will not back their guarantees. I am extremely disappointed, and have started flying Qatar Airways instead. 
  Dubai to London. Emirates has to follow international standards. We were delayed for 45 minutes. Not a single explanation or word of apology was given by the captain. This is unacceptable. We arrived in London 22 minutes late and not a word of comment. Just "It's a nice sunny morning in London." This approach to ignoring the delay is absurd. Do they think if they say nothing, the problem doesn't exist. Emirates has to learn how to be punctual or learn how to apologise for delays.
  EK 318 from Dubai to Tokyo, Narita on 21st Nov 2019. This flight seemed to have issues right from the start. The Boarding gate where we were to board had several leaks so we had to try and huddle in the dry sections. There was not enough seating. Boarding was chaotic at best and anyone willing to lie about their Emirates membership got in first. The lady at the door was unable to cope. The cabin was dirty, the crew seemed to not know each other, 2 rows at the back in Economy were kept empty for the use of crew (at the cost of paying passengers and despite having a section for crew to rest and sleep) which despite my request they refused to relinquish. Rest of the passengers had to make do without the 6 extra seats. Apparently this is a regular reservation for the crew on this flight. I paid 350 Dirhams for a horrible seat with legroom only for my right leg. Photo attached. Crew shouted to each other about running out of meals, one crew member scolded the other members and paid very little attention to the general public. There was one apparently senior staff who did a royal walk through the cabin and only spoke to 3 or 4 people whom she chose, I am guessing at random. Lastly they took away blankets an hour before landing and then piled them into bags. So again customer was last. It was cold and we were still an hour away. All in all I would not recommend Emirates to anyone. Please avoid this airline until they improve and take their customers seriously. I have traveled by Emirates Business class in the past and the service was excellent.
  Birmingham to Hong Kong via Dubai. Their response to comments/complains is very very slow, takes them days to reply the issue. It is not my first time flying with Emirates, I was very pleased and liked it, I recommended it to my families and friends but this time was so disappointed.  There are 2 weights at the gate. The staff asked me to put my luggage on the weight. They said my luggage was too heavy, they fined me. Of course, it was reasonable to be fined if someone's luggage is over weight, and even though my luggage was over weight, they talked to me in a very rude way. They weight passengers selectively, I saw some people carried more and bigger bags than me, they didn't ask them to weigh their luggage.
  Dubai to Stockholm. I bought wine in the duty free airport and then I check in these items as hand carry, the staff don't allow me to use the trolley and also don't put the fragile for the check in item. I had to bring 15 kg stuff all the way to the bus and the plane. They refuse to put fragile for the check in and said if got any problem we are responsible.  No staff is helping me to carry my things to plane. This is my first time to take this airline and also my last time. 
  London to Dubai. Filthy toilets. How can the cabin crew chit chat in the galley with the curtains closed while the toilets at the back of the plane are in a dreadful condition. Really dirty and unusable. The lazy attitude of the staff in relation to maintaining the cleanliness of the washrooms also appears in their attitude to being called for service. I had to really struggle to get a simple cup of tea from them. It seems like they don't realize they are there to work and provide a service for passengers.
  Singapore to Madrid via Dubai. This is our first flying with a Emirates and I would say this is one of the worse airlines I have been. Traveling as a family of four with two you g children; we were told That we will be seated together. To our dismay our seats were separated. We were seated at the window and aisle with a stranger in between. When we raised our concerns, the staff just gave us a shrug and said that we could speak to the person and asked if they would like to change exchange their seats so at least both my kids could be seated with me. Every other airlines would be more than happy to help us in rearranging the seating arrangements and will be the ones doing the asking. However, Emirates staff were just too busy gossiping in the galley to care much about the comfort of their passengers.
  Very disappointed with this airline. The service is very poor and some cabin crew can appear disinterested. I previously used Ethiopian Airlines which has excellent service levels and was expecting similar service and better from Emirates and was sorely disappointed. The fleet used in intra-Africa flights (between Lusaka and Dubai in my case) have tiny seats and I was squashed and worried for my safety as I was in a row of three with a very large guy in the middle and I couldn't rest comfortably and was worried about getting injured. I'm used to old fleets used for intra-africa flights but Emirate seats are the smallest I've experienced. It was the worst flight ever. The cabin crew can miss rows when serving meals or drinks and it's just an annoying service. Although my flight from Dubai to London was on a new fleet with comfortable chairs what didn't change was cabin crew service which was still poor. The food is also average. I expected so much and had high hopes and was very disappointed. All style with no substance. Ethiopian Airways is better service but just shame that transit times at Bola international are so long and you can't always check-in online!
  Dubai to Stockholm. Excellent check in at DXB,  separated from Economy class passengers.  Business lounge in DXB has really poor offers for breakfast. Disappointed. Boarding not great. Business class passengers have to give priority to economy class. Strongly recommend Emirates to change policy. I felt the seat is narrow (2x3x2 seating in business class). No such experiences with CX, SQ, LH, BA or SK. Extensive film and CD selection, but the info and guidance (for choosing films) in the paper Magazine were irrelevant. Hence, ended up listening to Beatles and Led Zeppelin. Strongly recommend Emirates to present the films in a better way. For lunch there was a selection and obviously made I the wrong choice. Cannot blame Emirates but other passengers are recommended to make safer bets.
 Glasgow to Dubai. My husband and I use Emirates twice a year to fly to Dubai because it’s direct with good times and have done for many years. Sadly we have found that the last few trips the service is lacking. Yes you are greeted on arrival but that is as far as the service goes. From getting a hot towel and nuts before take off to getting a menu and scowl. On this return trip after the meal was served the drinks trolley was coming up the aisle, then the stewardess stopped three rows ahead of us and wheeled past and never returned. I do feel that rather than standing gossiping with each other in the galley the stewards/stewardesses should be going round their section making sure their passengers are ok and not waiting to be summoned. The food is really not as good now either. Always curry, which is fine now and again but not all the time. The coffee is weak and horrible too. Lots of corners being cut but prices going up. Also the rewards scheme is a joke as we will never have enough to save to make proper use of them. As I mentioned the only reason we like using this airline is the good flight times and they are direct but we are considering flying with BA in future.
  I regret my last trip Kolkata to Dubai. The staff did not even greet. They carried a really bad attitude & a zero customer service. The food was left over as I dint like it. The quality of food is not good as before & the staff really negative attitude. I really need to think again before I book with Emirates for my next trip.
 Emirates business class is value for money From Kuala Lumpur to Dubai. Flight attendants very professional and friendly especially the chief stewardess. She walking around and introduce herself to us and willing to assist us with anything. This is really rare to other airlines. Food was amazing during my flight. Overall my journey with Emirates was amazing
 I was travelling from Heathrow to Dhaka via Dubai. The flight from Heathrow to Dubai was awesome. When I was boarding from Dubai they weighed my hand luggage again and asked to pay for my Duty-free shopping which is 4 kilos. I said this is my sweater and chocolate which I bought duty-free. They said we can consider 1-kilo rest you have to pay for it otherwise you can return your duty-free shopping. Moreover, you have only 15 minutes on your hand. If you can’t come back you will miss your flight. I tried to explain, I’m from London and always fly on Emirates it’s only 4 kg extra which is duty-free. I already weighed from London. Then they became so rude and gave me options pay for 3 Kg or throw away your products. I paid AES 240 which is around £50. Their bad customer service is enough to spoil a holiday.
 Dubai to Delhi. I loved going on Emirates with my family. The food was good, and so were the kid's meals. The kids got toys. The entertainment was great. The only thing was that I couldn't sleep and I wasn't very comfortable.
  Denpasar to Auckland. Happy with outward bound flight, but return flight was a bit different. Service and food went from great to terrible. At least they got us home safely and thats the most important thing.
  Dubai to Milan. Emirates normally provides excellent service, yet one weak link staff member could damage the airline’s image. Although, gold customers, we entered, from the business lounge to upper deck holding economy tickets, owing to Gate boarding directions. The boarding staff was unwelcoming, rude and arrogant, over what he wrongly perceived was our error, not Emirates’ operations. Worse still. Indicating clear distress, from my recent spine injection, he said “that doesn’t matter”. Leaving me to carry me, with no assistance from aircraft staff, to change levels. Once seated, we could hear the clunks from others changing levels, so we were not alone.  My wife and I were considering upgrading at the service desk. It was unattended and the flight was late and no alternative access appeared to an economy gate was closed or not properly indicated. Miserable staff member, this flight only. 
  London to Singapore via Dubai. I’ve flown most major airlines and Emirates wins hand down. I’ve flown with them on business and first and the service is incredible. The crew look after you and go above and beyond. Special thanks to air hostess Alix, so attentive and professional. Cabin was spotless and very comfortable. Fantastic work Emirates keep it up. 
  Newark to Kolkata via Athens and Dubai. During the flight from Athens to the Kolkata Emirates damaged my suitcase.  Right when I collected my suitcase from the airport baggage collection conveyor I noticed this and brought to the attention to Emirates staff.  I had to wait approximately 90 min for someone from Emirates to fill out appropriate forms, copy my boarding pass and passport. Then Emirates told me that someone will get back to me within 24 hours. They called me after 3 days and asked for the receipt of the bag. I emailed them the receipt promptly the same day. Then Emirates staff said, Emirates will process my request and will contact me after a few days. Then after a couple of weeks, they contacted and asked to get back the damaged bag in order to send me the compensation. I was away from Kolkata and told them that I am away from Kolkata and it will be tough for me to go to Kolkata airport to give the bag, what if they collect it from me after I go back to the USA. They said okay. After coming back I contacted Emirates via phone and the customer service responded with the utmost courtesy and apologized every time for the delay and promised that someone will get back to me within 24 hours. Emirates never got back to me. I wrote several emails to emirates customer service with incident # and reference #, not a single response I ever received. It is a nightmare. Just a terrible service.
  Kathmandu to Gatwick via Dubai. Emirates are mis selling these flights. The Kathmandu to Dubai leg is with FlyDubai, their budget airline. No mention is made of this when booking the tickets. The flight between Dubai and Gatwick was great as you would expect and the FlyDubai was fine for a budget airline BUT I didnt realise I was booking a budget airline. It's in a totally different terminal with minimal facilities and you need to allow 1 hour to transfer. If I was only travelling between Dubai and Kathmandu fine but I had a 5 hour wait in a sparse terminal after an overnight flight. Then was on a budget flight, no offer of even water until we were 1 hour into the flight. No problem with budget airlines if its what I choose but I and everyone I spoke to about the second flight felt we'd been tricked by Emirates.
  Newark to Athens. This has been my worst flying experience.  I received an email to check into my flight from Newark to Athens, which I did hours before my flight. Due to a glitch in the system, the app failed to provide me with a digital boarding pass but confirmed that I was checked in. I figured that I would print my boarding pass when I got to the airport so I didn’t worry too much about it. Upon reaching the airport I go to the clerk to print my boarding pass and she tells me that I am not checked in. I show her the confirmation in my phone from their app confirming that I am checked in and for whatever reason she cannot seem to find me in their system. So I ask her where's the kiosk so that I can quickly check myself and come to find out, Newark airport has no Emirates kiosk and the lines are flooded with passengers? I tried my hardest to inform the Emirates representative at the desk that I was indeed checked in but she informs me that because she doesn’t see me in their system I cannot board the plane. So I pleaded with the woman to tell me what I needed to do to get checked in and she told me that the only way to check in is to do it through their app. I asked if I could speak to a manager or call Emirates, and the rep tells me that there is no time because the plane is about to take off. So even though I arrived in time for my flight, I was now late for my flight, and I was unable to board. I call Emirates and I was informed that I would have to purchase new tickets  or just pay a no show fee which is $400 per person plus additional fees. Which came out to $850 per person. Which actually added up to just purchasing new tickets. The thing is I not only had more than one hotel booked but I also had a connecting flight that I would also inevitably miss a well as other arrangements so I lost time, money, and had to spend more money to purchase two new tickets, also two more plane tickets when i reached Athens to finish my travel. At this point I'm infuriated and disgusted because I do not live by Newark airport, I live 1hr and 20 mins away, so not only did I miss my flights including a whole nights stay at some of my hotels, and my flight from Athens, I was stranded at this airport. 
 Sydney to Rome via Dubai. The services on the flight were beyond disappointing. I was recommended Emirates by friends and colleagues, as the best business class from Sydney to Europe. I was beyond disappointed when returning. Having flown to Europe business class for work and leisure with Singapore Airlines, Qantas and Etihad, and having flown business class to other locations on Hawaiian and Latam, I was very surprised to be so dissatisfied with the service and quality I received from Emirates, having been recommended by many colleagues and friends. I was disappointed to discover that the 14-hour flight from Dubai to Sydney did not have a lie flat bed (nor did Rome to Dubai, however, this was only 5 hours). More importantly, the service was appalling. My salad was rotting (attached photo) and my entrée was still frozen (attached photo). My TV repeatedly broke down during the flight (attached photo). The flight was largely full, so we could not be moved to another two seats seated close to one another. After raising this and the other issues with the crew, she became quite rude. Beyond our experience on the flight, upon boarding the flight at Dubai we were delayed as a result of the poor organisation at the airport for the duty-free items we had purchased in Rome. We had to provide these to be boxed and sealed, which was not the issue. The person who was doing this task, kept our boarding passes for the purposes of printing the tags to put on the boxes. However, we saw people who arrived after us, receive their boarding passes and board the flight before us, notwithstanding repeatedly asking for the gentleman to return our boarding passes to us so that we could board. Eventually, we were able to board, but only after first and business class had boarded and about half of the economy cabin. Finally, we did not receive any form of confirmation regarding our chauffeur from Sydney Airport to our home address, adding further to our stress as we were required to chase this to make sure it had been arranged. Having flown business class with various carriers, I was not impressed at all by the return flight to Sydney on Emirates in comparison. Business is not just about extra space, but about the extra service. The extra space was far from what is equivalently offered by other airlines, given the absence of a lie flatbed. Adding to that the poor service, I did not receive the benefits expected of business class, but instead economy. Since then, I have tried to liaise with Emirates to resolve the issue. After an offer of points which wouldn't even be enough for a single short-haul domestic flight, they informed me that they had made their 'final offer' and closed off correspondence. I would strongly recommend flying anything other than Emirates. Their service is terrible, before, during and after the flight and falls short of what is comparably offered.
  New York to Hydrabad via Dubai. I had 2 hrs layover in Dubai so I brought some duty free items and filled my carry-on. On boarding flight staff weighed my bag that was 7.49 kg. They tried to charge for that. I removed all duty free items and again told to weigh. It came across 5 kg. So they made me to carry both 5+2 kg separately.  What is the meaning of buying duty free items if they try to charge passengers like this.
  Dubai to Heathrow. I would like to thank the pilot, co pilot and all the cabin crew on board flight EK005 on 29/10/2019. They were extremely professional in their duties, polite and very welcoming. I was very impressed by your kindness to a passenger with a medical issue who you relocated to the cabin crew seats behind me. I will definitely choose Emirates next year. Thank you for a pleasant flight.
  Denpasar to Riyadh via Dubai. Beware of the Business Class Special as it restricts seat selection. It also doesn’t permit the Lounge access.
  Manila to London via Dubai. I travelled on 21st October and I would like to make a special mention of cabin crew, Nadine who provided fantastic service on the flight from Manila to Dubai. I have never experienced such service in the past although the cabin crew are generally very good when I have flown with Emirates. Thanks Nadine for a truly wonderful flight
  Riyadh to Manila via Dubai. There was no priority boarding for families at Riyadh Airport, I was traveling with my husband and my 2 year old daughter. I always fly with Emirates because of their perks and benefits for families and children but I was a little dismayed that on our flight from Dubai to Manila, they did not give any toys and blankets for my daughter as they always do. The food was also a downside.
  On September 30th we had a flight from Toronto to Dubai, flight EK242. We are very grateful to the crew of business class for their amazing service. I had a birthday that night and the crew made it really memorable with treats, flowers and even Polaroid pictures! We also wanted to say a special thank you to the bartender, he has a great personality and is very professional.
  London to Dammam via Dubai. I am a regular traveler with Emirates due to business, I have noticed a decline in cabin standards over the past year. On this particular trip I requested Lactose free meal, the cabin crew gave me a meal that did not have my seat number. I advised what I had requested and was told you can eat it as it is just a sandwich, when I inquired what was in it they did not know.
 Pathetic airlines from Seattle. Worst experience with hidden terms and conditions. No carry bag facility. For Seattle to Mumbai, I would prefer KLM delta or Singapore Airlines as they don’t have hidden terms and conditions and their services are the best.
  Birmingham to Dubai. We were supposed to fly on the 17th May. Unfortunately the flight was delayed by 5 hours, we arrived at the airport in plenty of time but upon arrival we were told that we couldn’t fly as security had gone home. We eventually flew 24 hours later, at check in we were given a form advising we could claim 600 euros per passenger for the delay. When we arrived back I have raised a complaint with Emirates who won’t pay the 600 euros. I spoke to a flight claims company who advised we should be paid this money and are willing to take on the claim for half of the compensation. Emirates customer care doesn’t reply to emails and you can’t speak to any on the phone.
  Flew Dubai to Manchester 19/10/2019 on an A380. Having travelled with Emirates in the past I paid the holiday company a premium to travel with them again. I wish I had never bothered. The service was a farce. The cabin staff were like headless chickens. It was as if they had never set foot in an airplane before. They appeared poorly trained and badly managed.
  Dubai to London. Lucky to have three seats to myself so made up a bed. Popped a sleeping pill an hour after take-off and after a snack was served. 2 hours later cabin staff kept pushing me to wake up as it was main meal time. I resent being woken up for a dinner. If I miss dinner it's my fault not the cabin crews fault. Earth to Emirates cabin crew: Don't wake sleeping passengers.
  Islamabad to Newark via Dubai. I flew on Emirates in May 2019 and had a terrible experience especially their ground staff is discourteous to me. There was a stopover in Athens on Flight from Dubai to Newark and it was unpleasant. Any directions or help during this transit were non-existing and you'd need to go through at least 4 through security and immigration. I have flown Qatar Airways quite a bit and it is much much better than Emirates. It doesn't matter if you have new jets or terminals - if your staff is rude, it will lead to an awful flying experience. I took Emirates because it flies directly to EWR so you could avoid landing in JFK, but most likely I would prefer Qatar for my upcoming next trip.
  Melbourne to Amsterdam via Dubai. Disappointed with the experience in general. I have flown with Emirates since the last 15 years & was easy to see how the service has gone downhill. The cabin crew (with an exception of a few) didn't seem interested in their job, no sign of any courtesy what so ever. I felt as if they are doing us a favour letting us fly on their airline, sorry but we paid for our seats, it wasn't a free ride.  On a specific incident, during food service from Dubai to Amsterdam, noticed that the cabin crew ran out of lunch options from the two sets ahead of me, which is understandable. However the cabin crew still kept asking the following passengers including myself what would we like to have only to bluntly respond back that they have run out of options. Just couldn’t understand why was she asking what we passengers would like to have when she did not have any option in the first place? This was repeated over and over again finally asking the two passengers next to me. When I questioned her about this, she had no answer, soon after I could clearly see her behaviour towards me was immediately inhospitable, she even walked passed me without asking if I needed to have a tea or coffee. I didn’t care about the tea or coffee, but guess what it did leave me with a bad taste for the airline, besides I do get to have the last say by inputting a poor score on the infotainment screen at the end of the flight, which I did. Cabin crew of airlines thank or greet their passengers while disembarking, however noticed that some of the cabin crew in Emirates didn’t seem to bother. On a positive note, the ground staff are great & at least courteous, something that is missing once you get on flight. Emirates seriously need to re-train cabin crew to at least put on a pleasant look on their face, let alone a smile, most of the crew look grumpy & unhappy with the job they are doing.
  Bangkok to Manchester via Dubai. I bought a ticket online through a third party agent and it was not until we had paid and received our eticket that we found out the agent jad booked a Special Business Class ticket, with several restrictions. No lounge. No air miles. No fast track. No pick up. No seat reservation until 48 hours before flight. Very unhappy. No way would we have purchased this ticket. Outward flights first leg A380 crew were so busy. Meal overcooked.  Second leg A330 with excellent crew. Could not fault. Return flights BKK to Dubai on an A380 with good crew. Dubai to Manchester A38 was horrendous. Children in Business class and screaming baby for virtually all 7 hours. It is wrong that young children should be allowed in this cabin. It was like a nursery. The crew apologised but it was not their fault. Drinks service was good but the food was average. We will never fly with Emirates again.
 Frankfurt to Singapore via Dubai. Avoid this airline at all cost. I was at Frankfurt airport trying to catch my flight to Singapore. At the gate, the ground staff were threatening to pull me off the flight if I don't comply with their 7-kg cabin luggage limit. I am totally fine with this as it has been enforced by many airlines. However, I have never come across such rude and hostile ground staff who have nothing to say but threats. They tried to play police and treat their customers like criminals. Customer service is simply non-existent. They rushed me to clear my bag or they were going to take me off the flight. Their hostile words were uncalled for and they kept telling me the gate was going to close, as if they were so hard-up on my money since every extra kg is 39 euro. I didn't want to argue with them as I know it was not the resolution. In the end, I paid over 100 euro as I wouldn't want to speak any further with them, and just wanted to get home. It was the worst experience I ever had with an airlines. Emirates, you just lost another favourable customer.
 Newark to Athens. It was my first round trip on Sep.18.2019 and Oct.11 2019 with Emirates! And also my last! Never again! The seats are so tight that you do not know in the middle where you should leave your arms! Like animals in transport, you sit! You can not eat either! Which is not so bad, the food was a catastrophe! Barbecue Chicken should this be, I do not know what it was! The air conditioning did not work on the way to Athens! It was very hot! My blood pressure went up and I felt very bad! On the small seat, you could not sleep! Very uncomfortable! It was a very old plane! I thought it was a rich airline, now I know better! On the way back from Athens to Newark USA (a 10-hour flight) again an old plane. I feel the metal from the seat! I still have pain today! Next year I will fly again with Lufthansa!
  Brisbane to Istanbul via Dubai. I fly to Europe every year with either Qantas or Singapore airlines and never been disappointed by either. This time I decided to fly with Emirates, the crew were rude, food was disgusting, I ordered vegetarian meals thinking I’ll get vegetables (watery puréed green stuff and cold dry rice). I couldn’t eat anything. I was traveling with my sister and on the way back from Istanbul to Dubai we were seated with a man who was obese and taking half of my seat as well as his, when I asked for the crew to either change his seat to sit him with a guy or change mine, they refused to do anything about it. Boarding was a nightmare, they have the worst system ever, delayed flights, just a nightmarish experience.
 
Athens to Tokyo via Dubai with Emirates. The seats were pretty comfortable and with enough space between them even when one was leaning back. Cabin crew, lighting, entertainment, food, temperature were all excellent.
  Male to London via Dubai. What a shambles of a company. Paid for Extra Legroom for two seats on an exit row on an A380 and you would have thought the exit seats would do the job. However, the Bulkhead door on the A380 sticks out so far that the seat next to it has less legroom than a standard seat, yet i paid £80 for the privilege. Upon noticing this, we notified one of the stewards and even asked if we could pay for an upgrade to business class, to which he replied "No". We escalated the complaint to his manager on board the flight who took my email address and assured me of a refund on this particular seat. I have heard nothing back from this Steward's manager and had to submit my own claim, only for it to be denied. I have also attached photos of the bin liners of used head cushions that they had left in front of the exit for an hour before touchdown!
 Had a disastrous experience with Emirates recently. I was supposed to fly from New Dehli to Dubai on a direct flight taking off at 9:50 pm. When we just arrived at the airport with my colleague we learned already that the flight would be delayed and ETA planned at 00:00. Just 15 min before the planned new departure, still no news. I had to go and try to get some info to be informed by chance that the flight has to land in Lucknow - 40 min away from Dehli for weather conditions. But a few more minutes to refuel and the flight would bridge at Dehli. Planned new departure: 1:40am. We then learned around 1:20 am that the flight would be delayed until 7:30 PM.with no further explanations. The whole crowd started to get mad, complaining vocally to the staff who had no explanation to give. I learned by chance again afterwards that the flying staff was on too many extra hours and had to rest before re-flying. Emirates did not anticipate this obvious issue that made the flight to Dubai impossible for a long time. After more than 1 hour of complaining and shouting, and no answers from the staff, a passenger took the lead and had to inform everyone that anyway our only solution would be to collect back our luggage and try to find an alternative flight if any. I decided to call Emirates who booked me on the 11 am flight as the 4:14 am flights with all the mess around would not be catchable for any of us despite the fact that 26 seats were still available due to the boarding pass issue. It took us another hour to go through the passport control back in a chaotic situation and finally get our luggage back. Emirates claimed that they would offer us a hotel and breakfast. But getting out of the airport we discovered that the 360 passengers we waiting on a parking lot for buses to come to drive us 40 min away from the airport. It would take 2 hours to get our room and it was already 4:30 am. We decided to avoid the mess and stay at the airport with no sleep and not even a single bottle of water given by Emirates. At 7 am when we checked in again and complained about our dreadful experience, the staff claimed that it was well managed, Emirates offering us a hotel room and a breakfast. It drove me mad and I asked to talk to the most Senior Emirates staff member at the airport. I could not talk to him as he was busy in a meeting, not even considering the fair complaint of an angry customer. He just did not care! I am flying 100 days a year for the last 15 years and it is the most painful experience I had so far. Not only the situation was tough but the staff was totally incapable to inform us of anything, letting us wait for hours for nothing and only the buzz around informed us. Then the situation was managed in hours in a totally disorganized and disrespectful manner. Please all run away from this company.
  Birmingham to Delhi via Dubai. The quality of Emirates has plummeted. From poor movie and entertainment choices, to screens not working, it was disappointing. The chair directly in front of me had a broken mechanism so it kept lurching backwards throughout the flight - even during take off. What is by far the worst for me (and has been discussed by friends who have recently flown economy Emirates) is the lack of drinks. They seem to have removed the bar service, except the limited drinks served with meals. So, I calculated we spent 5 hours without drink when you calculate our 2 hour stop over (where we were battling previous delay so no time got airport drinks), to be sitting in an aircraft got almost 2 hours before drinks became available. It was uncomfortable and poor service. Eventually I went to find the drinks myself - and was offered the standard small sealed cup! Shocking to think such inconsiderate service is part of Emirates - made more irritating by the signs on the screen asking passengers to keep hydrated during flights by drinking water. One very poor hot meal and the first and most awful 2 finger sandwich offered on a 7.6 hour flight - awful. And the WiFi was non existent - another reason we normally book with Emirates. I would rather fly any other flight than travel with emirates now. A rather traumatic experience.
 Dubai to Kuwait. Not even knowing it, I misplaced my small credit card wallet in DBX terminal 3. I was very pleasantly surprised when I was held back a short moment when boarding EK 857 today October 12. The staff gave me my card wallet and both credit cards where there. I feel so lucky and are grateful to the excellent staff of Emirates and Dubai Airport. I hope this message finds the good staff and people of Emirates and Dubai Airport who helped me today.
  Sydney to Prague via Dubai early August. On arrival Dubai, my companion and I were pleasantly surprised to be upgraded to First Class due to overbooking in Business, for the final leg to Prague. We were very well looked after in both classes. Uneventful trip home 3 weeks later from Hamburg to Sydney in Business.
 Dubai to Munich. I'm a bit dissappointed overall. I haven't flown Emirates in some years and feel like they are not as good anymore as they used to be. The service is still outstanding, before, during and after the flight. But the flight experience not so much (besides the bar/lounge area which rocks!). The seats and bord entertainment in the A380 business class upper deck are old and outdated. Screens aren't good, user experience with the system isn't good, I had also trouble adjusting my seat and what I found the most annoying: before the start you are bombarded with advertising in Arabic and English - certainly not what I expect from a Premium Product. And the WiFi barely worked on the in and outbound flight.
 Our flight was amazing from start to finish. I always fly Emirates because of the fabulous hospitality. Both legs of the flight were fantastic. A staff member on our second leg of the journey from Dubai to Kuala Lumpur on the 6 Oct - EK 0344 gave us special treatment on the flight as it was my daughter’s 9th birthday. My kids were given a special cake in a lovely glass presentation with Polaroid photos to take home for memories. This staff member is the true face of Emirates service with a smile and amazing hospitality. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts!
  
The flight from Dubai to Mauritius MK0911 is operated by Emirates, the flight was booked with Air Mauritius. Both companies when contacted to upgrade to business class prior to the flight declined they can do it (and this might sound not true but this was my experience), so even at check-in Emirates suggested the only way to get into business class is paying for the upgrade on-board. Emirates customer is not welcome to upgrade to business class on-board Although you may travel in business class paying for the upgrade last minute. The policy of Emirates is not to reward customers with business class mileage on last minute upgrades.
 Trivandrum to New York via Dubai. Very cheap food. No taste at all. No non-veg food was available. When asked for it, the air hostesses assisted us was kind of argumentative. Finally, I spoke to another lady and she provided it.
 I had heard a lot about Emirates and hence decided to fly with them. The cabin space looks okay, there are cabins with more space to walk around. On the Amsterdam to Dubai flight which was roughly 6.30-7 hrs - only 1 meal and a cold sandwich was served - in between there was no water served either. For such a long flight - it’s disappointing to not serve water at regular intervals - but it’s still the good part until now. Later at Dubai airport the staff were just bullies. Everyone was just asked to move from one place to other without much organisation and not respectfully but as cattleherd. There was a visually challenged man who was not shown any help or sympathy either. The connecting flight from Dubai to Bangalore just kept getting worse with people handing food parcels out by hand saying my colleague will bring the tray etc. Very very bad experience. Wouldn’t recommend to anyone especially if travelling economy class - they treat you as cattle. 
  Paris to Brisbane via Dubai. Service on flight was very good, food was fresh and tasty. Leg room good (for my short legs). Inflight entertainment not working properly, screen overheated regularly. Unfortunately we paid nearly $700 extra at booking, for specific seating selection and did not get any of the seats we paid for, on both outgoing and returning flights. Not given any explanation for this. If you can't accommodate people because of manifesto issues, totally understandable, but don't offer the option!!
  Barcelona to Sydney via Dubai. We found the flight attendants rude. When we were arriving in Sydney people were going to the kitchenette and collecting the arrival cards but when my husband asked for one he was told that they would be distributed soon. The cards were distributed on the other side of the cabin. We did not get a card when we asked the flight attendant we were told we don't need it now in Sydney. When we asked why the other side of the cabin got embarkation cards he then said they ran short of cards and only had the cards in Arabic Language. We then asked him why he did not say in the first place that they ran short of cards in English. He was plain rude. We were at the rear of the plane and they just did not care. Emirates pride themselves of having flight attendants from 35 countries but most of them found it difficult to smile - no customer service. The food was not edible. Will not recommend Emirates on long flights from Sydney to Dubai.
 Manchester to Muscat via Dubai. Accompanying my nearly 90-year-old mother from Manchester to my home in Muscat. She needs assistance and I have to pay a premium to be in a seat near to her. Then my luggage allowance is Manchester-Dubai 25kg (5kgs less than usual), so I have to purchase extra luggage. Customer service was condescending and unhelpful. Emirates were once the best airline but the last time I or my family will be using them. Much better service from rival airlines in the GCC.
  Bali to Dubai. Service was ok at the boarding gate since they allowed us to board the aircraft in business class queue prioritising child travelling with us but in the aircraft the crew were horrible. No customer service at all! A crew member spilled water on me while clearing my table. She just said sorry and kept doing what she was doing. She could see I didn't even had a tissue since she clear all away. Didnt even care to bring tissue immediately. Later after she finished all her task then she brought wet wipes. Then My child skipped dinner since she was asleep. Later on when they were servicing breakfast, I asked if they could serve my child first, you know what she replied "you can ask it yourself". Such a reputed airline and very poor customer service. 
  Manchester to Islamabad via Dubai. As per airline instructions, we were allowed to carry 35 kg baggage per person. So we had 70 KG baggage altogether, but during boarding from Manchester Airport we were denied to carry 70kg. Instead only 60 KG was allowed to carry with. Moreover, we had to stay of an hour at Dubai Airport but due to mismanagement of airline, we missed our connecting flight to Pakistan and were compelled to wait for eight long hours at Dubai airport. Emirates must review its passenger facilitation policies and get them improved.
 Dubai to Mumbai. I am in the UAE for the last 5 years but never had a chance to book Emirates as we always could book at the last moment when the prices were sky-high. This time as Jet Airways is no more, we were left with no choice than travel Emirates. Ours was a return journey and I wished the experience would never want us to look back for any other choice. But to our surprise, it turned vice-versa! To start with as soon as the flight started, the staff behaved like trainees. They didn't know where to start. We had a infant with us and it felt too cold. We pushed the for assistance 4 times but no one turned up! I had to go myself to ask for a blanket when I was asked to go and check at the back as she was too busy. When meal was served, I was asked for drinks. I asked for a beer which was not available immediately but I was told she would get it for me which never turned up. The whole thing was so unorganized. Not to mention the food was low grade. It would have been much better if they didnt actually keep the food. The flight landed even before we could be offered coffee. We thought may be this would be a one off case as we have always heard high words for the Emirates experience. On the way back the experience turned to be even worst. It started from the queue at the Airport! The online check-in queue was bigger than the normal check-in. Upon looking at the queue, we asked the representative if there is any priority for child in arm upon which we were told "no". Few minutes later we see a staff in the Emirates attire. When we went there as our child was crying, she rudely said that we should have asked her and the others are not Emirates staff as if it was our duty to train the outsourced staff of how to behave with their airline clients! Then in the flight the seat recliner didn't work and by the time they served the meal they had already exhausted the nonveg meal and beer. It felt that a low cost airline is much better even with no meals served and least expectations!
  Johannesburg to Dubai. I am gluten and dairy intolerant and I could not eat from the standard menu onboard. I requested fresh fruit a few times and was told there was none. When I went to the toilet I saw the staff putting away trolleys at the back of the plane and saw fresh apples. When I took my seat I requested an apple and was told that there is none. I was really disappointed in Emirates. I was told I could have a biscuit which I had to decline. 
  Johannesburg to London via Dubai. Very good flights overall - my only gripe is the comfort of the seat, but in economy class that is to be expected. Meals were very tasty and the IFE lives up to the hype. Kudos Emirates
  Denpasar to Heathrow via Dubai. Our baggage arrived at Heathrow terminal soaking wet, as well as damaged! Massively disappointed and will not be flying with Emirates again considering the amount me and my girlfriend paid for our business class flights. I’ve never had baggage arrive soaking wet and a new surfboard damaged, even with a new bag packaged with 15mm of padding top and bottom. I find this almost insulting that Emirates can treat passengers in such low disregard. 
  Denpasar to Auckland. Very disappointing experience. I treated myself to a First Class frequent flyer ticket. I have flown Emirates First before which was similarly uninspiring - this flight confirmed for me to never bother again. Of course it was spacious and comfortable, couldn’t have been more so. The departure time of 5pm meant it was an ideal time to really enjoy a meal. There were only 6 passengers in First - me, another man and a family of 4 (including 2 young girls). So the cabin staff were hardly busy. After take off I did not see any uniformed flight attendants again, just a women in the serving ‘uniform’ who took food and drinks orders and served meals. She was incredibly surly and often just plain rude. For example, I when I asked for a simple champagne cocktail from the menu she rudely told me that it would take at least 15 minutes to make. Knowing that it only consisted of 2 ingredients I wasn’t deterred as she might’ve thought I’d be. The meal courses were roughly put down and she went through the motions of begrudgingly serving me. It occurred to me that maybe she was in a bad mood because all he colleagues had gone off to rest leaving her to do all the work. It was a very unpleasant experience for me. Not a single smile or kind, gentle word the whole flight.
  London Heathrow to Dubai via Bangkok with Emirates. Everything good. Lovely food, great service, comfortable seats, good inflight entertainment. Smooth flights. Unlimited booze. Will not fly with anyone eles in the future. Keep it up.
  Melbourne to Paris via Dubai. Emirates double charged me for a seat upgrade. Supposedly a systems glitch. You cannot get a response from them. They're automated refunding system rejected it. Facebook media team just wasted time and didn't resolve it. Sending a complaint does nothing as this is an unmanned system it seems. Probably only there to mollify you. Multiple experiences over the years with Emirates ground staff and systems point to a organisation culture of arrogance. Lost luggage - no response; Broken baggage - no response; Upgrade point refund - no response; broken seats - no response; broken TV screens - no response; Slipping accident in their Milan lounge - no response; delayed flight and no onward booking organised - no response; Frequent flyer points unlisted - no response; Corporate entity details request - no response & the list goes on. Unfortunately they have been the key co-share for Qantas They are all PR and no substance.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. The flight attendants were the worst I have experienced in Business Class. I felt they were so unhappy about the job, and about to walk out of the position. On the other flight from Hong Kong to Bangkok in Economy, the flight is half full, still the service is way below. The seat is old, I can felt the iron under my ass.  I remembered Emirates used to be really good years ago.
  New York to Dubai. The seat space is excellent however I am disappointed with the extremely poor inflight service. I dropped a spoon and was refused additional cutlery. Further, I was allergic to mushrooms and hence wanted to change the meal and was lied about the unavailability of the alternate meal. It’s unfortunate to receive these kind of service from a world class flight.
  Chennai to Warsaw via Dubai. I would recommend for sure. Great service and wonderful food. Last time i had an opportunity of free upgrade to business class and I really enjoyed on board. Cabin crew are just fantastic.
  I was traveling with my family - wife and 5 year old from Newark to Dubai. One of the seats allocated to us was broken with the recliner button missing and being concealed with duct tape! When I highlighted this to the crew supervisor I was told that this seat should have been blocked and not allocated to any passenger. Since the flight was full and with only 1 middle row seat available, neither my wife nor I was comfortable to move leaving either me or my wife to tend alone to my toddler. Hence I decided to stay in the same seat. After an agonizing 12 hours with a stiff back I highlighted this to Emirates customer support who simply put their hands up stating that they helped but I refused. Firstly this seat should not have been allocated. This seat was actually allocated to my 5 year old. In that case Emirates was happy to move her alone to another seat! Really poor response and pathetic customer support.
  Dubai to Phnom Penh via Bangkok. I missed my flight this morning because misguiding from airport staff : on arrival the monitor showed my flight on gate B6, so I go to this gate and waited. At 7:45AM a little before the boarding time on my ticket, I asked the staff at the b6 desk if it was the good gate for Phnom Penh, she answer yes it’s here, just wait we will board in few minutes. When entering the gate at 8:20AM she checked my ticket and saw that she was wrong and send me to the Emirates counter instead of sending me to my gate b3! At the counter they refused to help me and ask me to pay one more ticket for next day at 287$. I will never fly with this airline again. I turned their offer down and buy a 380$ Thai Airways ticket.
  Adelaide to Multan via Dubai purchased for November 2019. I strongly recommend against booking a ticket on Emirates' website because of personal experience. While comparing fare, Best price icon popped up on emirates website. There was a much cheaper option available for the same flight on flight365 but just because of price match I opted to book it on Emirates. In order to price match, I was bound to buy it first on Emirates and then lodge a claim. I fell into the trap. The claim was subsequently rejected by Emirates citing one of their many hidden 'Terms and conditions'.
  Newcastle to Dubai. Having taken this flight for almost 4 years now, I have to display my displeasure over this most recent journey. Despite the flight leaving UK around lunchtime, the crew took the decision to turn down all the lights as soon as possible to pretend this was a night-time journey. What made the whole trip even more unbelievable, was the same exact thing occurred on the return journey even though departure from Dubai was 7:30am. I appreciate that Emirates used to pride themselves upon the free bar service for many years now, but to try and either save money by hoping people won't bother the flight staff if the plane is in darkness or the crews just decided to try for a quiet flight for themselves I don't really know. Being an elderly traveler (going to visit my son) I felt very uncomfortable trying to navigate my way to the bathrooms with very limited lighting. Passenger comfort and safety should always come before crew's desire for a quiet trip surely? Gone are the days where the crew would be traversing the plane regularly with drinks before, during and after the meal. I used to enjoy the spectacle, not that I took any alcohol anytime, it just seemed to break the journey down and make time pass faster. My son has submitted a complaint on Emirates website for me and has been sent only the standard "We are looking into this" email after almost 2 months now, so I assume they are not really interested in my comments - again, being a regular traveler on this route.
  Toronto to Mumbai via Dubai. I just don't consider this airline to be the best. I would say it is an airline which differentiate customers on the basis of class. Economy passengers are treated differently right from the checking to deboarding the plane. In terms of luggage policy, where most of the airlines are allowing two pieces of cabin luggage (cabin + personal), Emirates is allowing just one piece for its economy passengers.
 BKK/HKG/BKK - In ten years of flying with Emirates business class on the short Bangkok to Hong Kong route I have rarely had anything other than an excellent flight. I just love the A380 aircraft and Emirates business class layout with the bar at the back. The decor is a bit plastic for my taste, but I take the airline for its unbeatable fares, its fantastic lounges with a quite amazing food and beverage selection, its on board service, the supreme comfort of the seating, the massive IFE selection and large screens. With first class dropped from this flight, the front of the upper deck now seats around 100 economy passengers. Yet the FA's usually make sure that these passengers remain seated whilst business class passengers can exit first. Given the economies that all airlines are now making, fast track cards are no longer handed out (not a problem for me as I have automatic fast entry at both airports), the main selection of the meal course is reduced to two offerings and the snacks in the bar are not as tasty as they used to be. But that is all rather irrelevant given all the pluses. On the outward sector I was too busy working to dine or use the IFE. I made do with a glass of the superb Cloudy Bay Sauvignon Blanc and a sandwich from the bar. Having eaten well in the lounge, I also declined the meal on the return flight but did enjoy this time a fine Pinot Noir and another chunky chicken sandwich. On this sector I watched a movie and still had time for some classical music before we landed ahead of schedule. For a few months, Emirates replaced the A380 with a 777 on this route. Hopefully the airline will continue with the A380 service for a long time to come.
  The food was below standard and the economy seats were very narrow and barely much leg room. Very disappointed in this plane and service. on our way from London to Dubai they gave us what i assume was mash potato and meat, and on our return from Dubai to London it was chicken and rice. I feel that they really are punishing us for flying economy class. I honestly will be trying other providers for this leg of the journey in the future
  
Dubai to Tunis. Flight was very very not comfortable, the seat was damaged and during my almost 7 hours flying and sitting not straight, my body was down to front. I have informed the cabin crew for the same and they informed me that no choice and there is one more seat is damage also! I don’t really understand that how come the flight getting approval for flying without doing any operations checklist.
 Again, the flight was delayed and again the captain couldn't issue the usual polite apology for the delay. After some time he laughingly told us Bangkok airport is busy! Hardly a professional way of dealing with a delay. In my section there was one pleasant female attendant and one bizarre male attendant who gesticulated a lot when I asked him to take my empty cup as he passed. Emirates provides a very shabby experience, in my opinion. A few aspects are okay and others are below expectations. A really professional approach is lacking in their customer service.
  Dubai to Chicago. Emirates used to be a great airline, as much as I am flying with it the more disappointments I face recently. The staff is with attitude, customer care representatives cant even help. Called before check in to reserve window seat, the lady did mistake and put me where she felt like. Next time I called the customer care to book the seat next to the window after 30 mins since check in started they telling me that there is no seats - like seriously the price is so not worth of the service we receive.
 Dubai to Prague with Emirates. I simply enjoyed the flight. The crew was very amicable, open and easy to reach. The food was tasty, plenty and you did not have a feeling you are eating on a plane but in a restaurant. Later they served snacks and drinks. Their wine is superb. Movie list never end and the quality of the picture is excellent. The only thing I minded were the seats, they were way too narrow.
  Newark to Kozhikode via Dubai. I am rating the airline prior to my flight 8/30/19. I am a disabled person seeking medical assistance in getting from the plane door to my seat. I filled out the medical information form, got it signed by the doctor and sent it off to the airline. Now I am calling each day trying to get necessary approvals for them to help me on my upcoming flight. Customer service is helpless, they are at the mercy of the Medical Assistance dept who are unreachable. They keep telling me that my onward journey from Dubai is on a code share airline - FlyDubai and that airline has to approve my medical condition before Emirates can do the same. I booked an Emirates flight in the USA and paid the airline. Emirates put me on a code share flight with FlyDubai. I filled out the medical form for Emirates airlines. How is it my responsibility to get approvals from FlyDubai and airline that does not do business in the USA or have a telephone number? Since Emirates is the primary airline they should get the necessary clearances from the other airline and get my special needs taken care of. The callous attitude of all the Emirates staff I have interacted with is shameful. I have called over 15 times in the past 4 weeks to get the situation taken care of but Emirates is not bothered and just refuses to help me. Makes my situation worse than it already was as I prepare to board the flight for medical treatment in India. Help Someone!
  Christchurch to Sydney. Certainly not much positive to say about this airline other than the check in team were nice and efficient. All down hill from there, as we were delayed for take-off due to an ill passanger as soon as we had pushed back. No issue with illness, the problem was in Business no service was given to me even when after an hour I finally caught an attendant's eye for another drink and was abruptly told they were preparing for take-off again even though they were waiting on every whim of some other business guests. I'd paid for "flexi business" so not a cheap flight, yet the decor in the A380 is not to my taste of immitation golds, printed wood effect panelling with odd blue/grey seat shells, not relaxing or a calming vibe. Seats were otherwise comfortable, IFE remote is terrible for user functionality, and tray-table traps you in the seat so no mid-meal toilet trips. Crew were just a cog in the machine as they weren't personable and seemed distant to interact with everytime. My meal was quite tasty, another issue here was ordering Pinot Noir wasn't possible even simply asking for a red wine, still a blank stare so I gave up after multiple attempts as said pour whatever and ended up an musky white wine I couldn't drink. The attendands all understood English well, so it surprised me that it was so difficult to request a wine and even point at it on the menu! I was delayed and put up in a hotel for the night, however the shuttle driver only knew of one hotel to take us to and unfortunately only some of us were booked there. That hotel now full and multiple calls to Emirates, I was then told I was booked in a average hotel half-hour away even though I was the only Business guest and make my own way to the correct hotel. There weren't any Emirates members at the airport on the ground as many guests went around looking (myself included), so the only contact was once off the aircraft on the bridge an Emirates member told you which shuttle stop and a generic hotel name. All incorrect and one phone call I was told an Emirates ground agent would be waiting at the shuttle stop and they never did. In short if you must fly Emirates only book economy as that's the only value you will receive!
  My first sector was from Madrid to Dubai. The purser on this flight was the crown jewel of the Emirates hospitality I remembered from my past travels. However she was assigned to business class whilst I was served by one crew who made my Emirates journey an utter disaster. The food on this flight was spectacular. The beef lasagna was great. The entertainment was limited compared to the newer A380s however it did have brilliant things that kept me entertained for 7 hours. Before take off I noticed that a customer who complained of a leaking AC was just shut down by a crew member who said 'cover your head for now, it'll stop after take off'. What a displeasing attitude from an airline renowned to be one of the best in the world.  At the meal service I noticed that meals run out when it comes to the seats at the back. The menu on that flight consisted of a chicken and beef option only, even though traditionally airlines of that calibre opt to offer a vegetarian option too. They had run out of the chicken option and my friend who for religious reasons does not consume beef, was forced with the beef option saying that was all they had. Whilst they refused to eat it, the crew who were called many times didn't even make a single appearance to enquire. Finally when it came to the pre arrival snack, they offered a chicken option and cheese option. The crew member just served the food without asking what I wanted. When I opened I realised I was given the tasteless cheese option. However, the passengers behind us were offered both where they had a choice.  My next flight was from Dubai to Colombo. Another unpleasant journey with the unsuitable comportment of the cabin crew. One of them refused to pour a full glass of apple juice for my father. 
  Singapore to Barcelona via Dubai with Emirates. First time experiencing blankets and headphones being collected before landing. When requesting to keep the blankets as I was still cold, they said they had to take them nevertheless. Another passenger experienced the same response. Food service was slow comparatively, especially for me who was seated at last portion of the cabin. Stewardess attitude was very lukewarm. Requested for water but was forgotten once, declined once, ignored once though we hit the service button, asked to wait once and then fifth staff I finally got my water. Very disappointed.
  Colombo to Zurich via Dubai. The last time I flew Emirates I was quite young and overly obsessed by the greatness of its product and inflight service. However, Emirates has decided to put the past behind and embark on a poorly schemed, appalling venture of cost cutting at the cost of passenger comfort whilst still charging passengers exorbitantly. The first sector was from Colombo to Dubai. It was quite acceptable that Emirates never focused on its Asian sectors for they have extreme confidence that it's competitive pricing and brand name would get them customers inevitably. Therefore, I boarded this old 777-300, the inflight entertainment was certainly not much of a great deal on the first sector with quite limited options and by trying to handle it's terribly dysfunctional remote and put it back into its position, the wire had cut my finger. It gave me the worst airplane food ever. The crew on this sector thought were the only appealing segments of what I would call the emisery. They were attentive and kind and maintained a smile but however did not go the extra mile like the qatar airways cabin crew who were an extreme delight. Furthermore, another factor that put me off completely was how narrow and uncomfortable seats were. It was a completely disastrous 4 hours and 10 minutes. The next sector was from Dubai to Zurich with a layover of about 2 hours and 30 minutes. The layover was quite bad with basically no one willing to help us in the airport.  we boarded a brilliant A380 that was the only thing as good as they advertise. Once again a repetitive episode of rude crew and even worse food. We were promised snacks by the airline on a 6 and a half hour flight that we expected would be of some quality - we were given a tiny packet of popcorn. I will never ever fly Emirates or recommend it.
  Melbourne to Frankfurt via Dubai. I flew with Emirates by myself with my children (1 year old and 3 year old) and the flight crew was so overly strict with their rules that they were truly unhelpful, making the trip more unpleasant that what I have experienced with other airlines in the past. 1 yo couldn't have her legs bent on the bassinet, so I wasn't allowed to use it, I couldn't use an inflatable foot rest for my toddler so that he could sleep a bit more comfortably, they were upset when asking for help getting the hand luggage from the top when my 1 yo was asleep over me, I wasn't allowed to leave the hand luggage at my feet for easy access to the baby gear, my son got told off for sitting on the carpet at our feet to play for less than 3 min and ended up in tears when picked up by the flight attendant, they couldn't pick up the food trays early, which was impossible to keep safe with 2 little children playing around. I get there's a reason for those rules, but sometimes people should assess what makes sense and give a little leeway with small children. Other passengers were truly helpful and made the trip more manageable. Overall, I will avoid Emirates in future when travelling with children.
  Dubai to Melbourne via Singapore. I was very disappointed with level of service I experienced with Emirates. It was my first time and last time. I upgraded from economy class to business class (hopping things will be better), it was even worst. Crew members they look disinterested and some extremely tried.  3 times I was forgotten and had to ask when i should be expecting my meal (when everyone else was eating).  I will never travel or recommend Emirates.
  A few weeks ago, I flew between Los Angeles to Mumbai via Dubai with family and it was a 22-hour nightmare for us. This was our first time with Emirates. We have traveled extensively with other airlines like Etihad, BA, and Lufthansa. But this time, unfortunately, we decided to buy a nightmare by paying way more than other good airlines. It all started with check-in baggage. The check-in counter crew demanded our passports without greeting or smile. In the past, some stuff was stolen from my bags so I asked them to put the zip ties on the locks. After I insisted she threw some plastic zip ties at me and asked to put them on the locks with a red face. They flew one of the filthiest A380 on the planet. The plane looked pretty old with dirty bathrooms and broken seats. I requested the Hindu meal for my family (three of us) and the steward only got two of the meals. I asked him politely about my meals and his response was "I only got two hands". Later he came back and said he accidentally gave it to someone else and I have to eat whatever they have left. I later talked to the head of the crew about the incident and she apologized and promised me that she will take care of the next meal. Nothing happened except now "The steward" giving us angry looks every time he passes by. They only gave us two blankets and when I asked him for a blanket he (obviously) said that they don't have any blankets.
  Dubai to Chicago. Five passengers in my group, the cabin crew refused to give us even one overhead space by rearranging the smallish purses or backpacks of passengers sitting elsewhere who had lavishly thrown them around! When requested at least one overhead space, curt reply was "this space is for everyone". So next time onwards I should throw my cabin bags in the first overhead space I find and then proceed to find my seat. Is that the message they are sending their passengers? I am connecting in Dubai from a previous leg on Emirates as well. It is better not to talk about the poor cabin service in economy class in the previous leg, but I should briefly mention. It was a 4 hour flight and cabin crew disappeared after serving meals in a hurry after about 90 minutes into the trip. A fellow passenger who asked for the second option on the regular menu was told that he will have to wait 15 minutes for that to be served. This while the crew was telling the passengers that only "option one" of the menu they passed out is available!  Hoping that this leg DXB to ORD doesn't have anymore nasty surprises than the cabin luggage "coaching" we just received after boarding. Ok, about to take off!
  Houston to Addis Ababa via Dubai. For the first flight we didn't get any problem then, we had to transit from Dubai to Ethiopia. In Dubai two people stand in front of the plane and scaled my hand bag which never scaled any airlines. Then she told me to pay $100 because 2kg passed - I tried to explain to her because it is my hand bag and I didn't pay fee when I fly from usa but she didn't want to listen and she was being rude to me and told me to throw way my stuff. And also my husband bought a liquor from Dubai airport which was 3kg, he been told to pay the same thing. He couldn't return it because the plane was about to fly we didn't have a choice we we ended up by paid $200.
  Dublin to Bangkok via Dubai. I had high Expectations from Emirates given their good reputation however when flying with them from Dubai to Bangkok the cabin service was rubbish. There was a 1 hour delay (Pakistani Airspace issues which is understandable) and no cabin members went around and offered us some water. After take off cabin service was generally lousy, They served us food and then vanished for the rest of the flight, when I buzzed an attended 2 hours in she comes up and says “eh sir your light is on just press it again to turn it off?.. I told her I just wanted a glass of water and I got it 10 minutes later, the same half bothered rude response was given the next time (2 hours later). I wanted a drink so I told her to get me 2 beers and I’ll leave them alone. The tables were not cleaned properly on this flight. The seats on the A380 were very soft and comfortable but they were rock hard on the Boeing 777 used for the Dublin flight. The ICE entertainment system has good music but doesn’t have good tv shows. On the positive side I had lots of legroom and my bags were delivered really quickly and handled well. Food and beverages were also good. I
  Auckland to Istanbul via Dubai. Despite the lengthy flying hours I enjoyed the flight experience partly due to A380's ambience and quietness, but mostly due to the comfort of the seat, legroom and great in-flight food experience. The flight attendants were generous to give out snacks/drinks throughout which really helped. Having Wifi was revolutionary that ability of being able to connect to friends/family is  great! Having dual IFE screen on the IFE looked fancy but in the end it wasn't that interesting. The contents of ICE didn't live up to its hype to be honest.  From the air to the ground the staff did a stellar job looking after not just passengers, but also baggage, such as fragile items like musical instruments.
  This is the most horrible airline. I flew from Dubai to Washington DC on July 19 and I purchased premium seat at $150. Big mistake, people congregated near my seat and I did not get sleep at all. The service was super slow. Will never fly this airline again.
 We flew with Emirates from Edinburgh to Singapore via Dubai. The segment between Edinburgh and Singapore was on a much older B777 wide-body plane. The seats do not lie 180 flat but at an angle. That is my main issue with the flight. The seat was so uncomfortable that I didn't get any sleep. The food was ok. The flight attendant was ok but lacking warmth. For instance, when I boarded the flight I handed over my jacket asking politely "would you mind hanging this up for me" to one of the flight attendants but was replied rather coldly that she would come back to me later. I understand that boarding is one of the busiest times for them but she was just not that friendly when she responded as if I was making an outrageous demand. However, the service in the second segment was better. Their A380-800 has an older fit-out and the stainless steel handrails make it really outdated but at least the seat lay flat 180 degrees and I managed to have a couple of hours sleep. The transit at Dubai airport was not a nice experience, the lounge is outdated and it was so crowded. It felt like being a cattle market. I wouldn't choose to fly with them on this route again especially the middle stop over actually breaks up the trip in half and you can not get a good long hours sleep.
  Singapore to London via Dubai. Ek353 from Singapore to Dubai night flight, very attentive service. The next sector ek001 Dubai to London no cabin crew walking, all disappear after the service. Glasgow to Dubai on an old A380, IFE there is a crack line, service attendant was good but when leaving plane the hand baggage door above our seat unable to open, cabin crew assisted us in opening the door. Very helpful staff on Ek028, from Dubai to Singapore unfriendly service, rude people not so friendly, never walk around with drinks after food service, just couldn't be bordered. Overall it is a mixed bag, but for the price will fly with them.
  Milan to Male via Dubai. I really enjoyed the flight in business class with Emirates both on A380 and B777. Airport lounge in Malpensa is really beautiful and organized. The staff on flight is great and so is flight entertainment. I strongly recommend it.
 Bangkok to Istanbul via Dubai. I never liked Emirates, but due to last minute booking, Emirates was only available. All my fears came true. BKK - DXB: It was an overnight flight, so not much service required. Still, my monitor did not work, instead of rebooting it, I was offered to relocate myself. I did not want to do this; nothing happened with my monitor in 6.45 hours. Not a big issue, but shows the interest of the crew in real customer service. The crew was the most unpassionate and unpolite I saw in the last year. I look out for details and me even the uniforms were worn without proud and just looked untidy. It seemed like they were just angry and unhappy with their employer and shortsighted they make their passenger pay it. DXB lounge: just not up to a standard for a 3,000 USD ticket. Food average, furniture is worn out, staff unfriendly. DXB - IST: at last, the crew was friendly, and this was a good flight experience. Overall for Emirates became a luxury low-cost carrier, with overpricing in the high-end market. Economy class for sure is well worth the money you pay.
  Kuwait to Amman via Dubai on 3rd July 2019. If you ever depart from Kuwait and are flying Emirates, I’d strongly suggest using online check-in. At KWI, Emirates has a separate counter for online check-in passengers thus enabling passengers to skip the queue and proceed directly to the counter without having to wait. Be aware that during online check-in, you will not receive e-boarding passes if departing from Kuwait. I contacted Emirates and was told this is not an issue. At the counter, I received the boarding passes for both flights EK 856 (KWI-DXB) and my connecting flight EK 903 (DXB-AMM). The check-in experience was smooth, and within 10 minutes, I was through to immigration and security. Online check-in if departing from Kuwait is a lifesaver! First leg EK 856 from Kuwait to Dubai on the B777-300 ER. Boarding began 45 minutes prior to departure. It was chaotic as expected for a fully-booked flight. Unfortunately, the aircraft was really old (registration A6-EBE). The screen was very small and ICE version was also very old. 3-4-3 configuration is not a favorite, and the seats felt narrow. Only 1 meal choice and no menus were given. Aircraft was 30 minutes late departing Kuwait due to late completion of boarding. Luckily, arrival in Dubai was only 5 minutes late despite the 30 minute delay departing Kuwait. If possible, book a seat on the left or right side of the aircraft (rows A, B, C or H, J, K). These seats will feel less cramped than seats in the middle (rows D, E, F, G). I was seated in seat 33A. Overall, a good flight although I’d avoid the EK B777 economy product all-together (unfortunately EK doesn’t fly the A380 to Kuwait so that’s not possible). Second leg EK 903 from Dubai to Amman on the A380-800. First time flying the EK A380! Again, boarding began 45 minutes prior to departure. The aircraft was definitely newer (registration A6-EOU). ICE version was newer and screen was much bigger. Still a 3-4-3 configuration however much more comfortable than the 777. Just like the previous flight, no menus were given and there was only 1 meal choice. Aircraft was 30 minutes late departing Dubai and arrival in Amman was only 3 minutes late. I was seated in seat 78K. Baggage claim at AMM was abysmal! I wonder if the problem lies with Emirates or the baggage handling system at AMM. I can’t really give them much blame due to the fact that the aircraft was an A380, but waiting 1 hour and 15 minutes for baggage delivery is still unacceptable! Also, in my opinion, Emirates should really rethink boarding times. Boarding an aircraft 45 minutes prior to scheduled departure time surely guarantees a delay. On EK 856, pushback was not until 15 minutes after scheduled departure time and on EK 903, pushback was not until 13 minutes after scheduled departure time! In my opinion, boarding should begin 60 minutes prior to scheduled departure time. Also, Emirates should grant its aircraft a 2-hour turn-around time slot. This would give 1 hour to clean and prep the aircraft for boarding and an additional hour to complete boarding, ensuring an on-time departure.
  I was travelling from  Gatwick to Kochi via Dubai and had a small carry on bag and my back pack. I was allowed 7 Kgs and my bag weighed a little over 7 Kgs. I did not have any problem at  Gatwick Airport. I had a connecting flight from Dubai to Kochi. As  Dubai airport duty free had some excellent deals and I ended up buying a couple of bottles of liquor and some chocolates. At the boarding gate, the customer service personnel forced me to weigh my carry on bags again and found 4 Kgs extra due to the items that I bought from the airport and asked me to pay for over weight. I was given 3 options: 1. Throw away the items that I bought from the airport (worth USD$200) 2. Return the items back to the store that was 20 minutes away from the gate 3. Pay for the excess baggage $100 I was put in a very tough situation when I was so tired from my previous two flights (8 hours each). I did not have any other choice than paying for the excess baggage. My advise to anyone travelling through Dubai, is to avoid buying any thing from the duty free if you already have 7 Kgs of items in your carry on baggage. They are going to weigh it at the boarding gate and charge you a huge amount that would kill all the savings that you got from your purchases. I will be happy if at least one person is benefited from this feedback. 
  Dubai to Manchester. The worst cabin service I have experienced on any airline. At great expense I took the flight from Dubai to Manchester yesterday, excited to be trying a business class seat on the A380. I fly often but I have to say this was the worst cabin crew I have ever experienced on any airline. I feel as if I paid for them to have a great holiday. I know that other passengers felt the same way. We were all SO upset that we talked to each other about it both on the plane and afterwards. From the moment of boarding, there was no usual warm welcome. I was greeted by a very grumpy hostile cabin attendant. When she brought the breakfast menu later she couldn’t answer simple questions about the ingredients. “I can’t say”. “Could you please find out?” “No, the meal is precooked, we can’t tell”. I have never had that response before. The crew stood and sat at the back chatting away having a great time. There were many of them and few passengers. A perfect opportunity to showcase individual, fantastic service. Unfortunately, the head of the cabin crew was at the back chatting with them all – so there was little leadership. After complaints from passengers, nothing changed. On take-off they did not remove our glasses, on landing they did not check that we were strapped in, they did not remove our cups and glasses once again. I choked on my breakfast and tried to call for help. I waved and pressed the service button. No one came. I managed to scramble out of my seat, balance my tray on the side and get to the bathroom where I vomited. The food was appalling, dry and over cooked. My tea was served cold. The attendant was so grumpy, rude and unhelpful that I actually asked her whether she’d had bad news from home. She said “I am tired!” I paid thousands of very hard-earned money for this flight – it is not the passengers’ job to do the work of the tired, disgruntled crew! They kept one toilet locked. They did not walk through the cabin to see if the passengers were ok. They did not help the mother with her 3 year old across the aisle from me. Airlines need to understand – we passengers no longer want glamour, lipstick, tight skirts and high heels – we want professional, great service from intelligent crew - happy to be in their highly sought-after jobs!
  Krakow to Brisbane via Dubai. I booked with Emirates because I seen their good reviews online and didn’t want to risk it with a budget airline. I paid an absolute fortune for my ticket home and was very disappointed with the whole experience. Emirates made their partner airline who I flew first with, FlyDubai (who are very poorly rated/reviewed) look like a premium airline. I could go on and list all the bad things but the most important thing you need to know is that they gave me a severe bout of food poisoning!! It was a 13 hour flight and food poisoning symptoms occur in a very specific time window, so it HAD to be something I ate on the flight. Completely unacceptable. Never again.
  Birmingham to Bangkok via Dubai. Despite recent reports about the extent to which Emirates’ quality of service has declined, I was impressed with every aspect of these two A380 flights. The limo pickup was on time with a friendly and helpful driver and there was only a short walk to business checkin. The Emirates lounge at Birmingham airport is spacious and well stocked and was only an equally short walk to the gate. Boarding was prompt and I will shown to my seat. There was a good choice of food and it was well served. My only criticism would have been the delay in bringing a glass of wine, forgetting my post-flight drink and having to ask to top it up. Apart from that the food was delicious and in a reasonable portions. The first A380 had the new design for the bar and there was a friendly group of passengers. The transfer at Dubai was quick and painless although allowing both economy and business passengers to exit through the same time did add some delay to exiting the aircraft. The flight to Bangkok was overnight and I chose to sleep. With the mattress, the seat was comfortable and I managed to sleep for a good three hours before being awoken for breakfast. The Wi-Fi connection on the plane was surprisingly stable and fast and there were enough movies to keep me entertained. Having flown on Emirates on a number of occasions in the past, I was relieved that although other accounts may be accurate, I found these two flights to high standard with nothing significant to complain about. The cabin crew were chatty and friendly and always keen to help answer any questions or respond to requests.
 After a pleasant stay in the lounge at Dubai airport, it is a nice start to the long flight being able to board directly onto the upper deck without having to go down to the main terminal level so even though they may be boarding 80 passengers it always feels a little more civilized. It is a long but pleasant flight on the great A380, plenty of room and storage with the window seats on the upper deck. Another great crew and service and again the onboard bar is a big hit and the staff who take turns at the bar always seem friendly. Two full meals are served on this long flight a lunch and breakfast with a light snack in between with a good variety of snacks available at the bar. Emirates has a good entertainment system on all their flights with something to keep everyone entertained even on a long flight.
  Venice to Dubai. Top Airline. Super Inflight entertainment and very nice meals. Very friendly Flight attendant and top Service. Comfortable seats and much legroom. 
  Amsterdam to Dubai. The Emirates experience started with a complimentary chauffeur service from my hotel to the airport in a very nice Mercedes S class and being dropped at the door closest to the Emirates check in desk. I love the Emirates A380, the seat with direct aisle access for everyone, plenty of storage especially when you are in a window seat which each have two side lockers near the window. The service while great is very much a formula for the after take-off drink and meals outside these areas the staff are very friendly and seem happy to get you anything you want and this is especially the case in the bar which is a fantastic place to spend some time.
  Brussels to Sydney via Dubai. Booked return trip in business class, but twice upgraded to First on long legs to/from Australia on A380 as business class was full and thanks to Platinum status with Emirates Skywards. BRU-DXB legs were on 77W with the new business class product.  Flights on time, swift connections at DXB with great lounges, great IFE. The onboard food offering is very average, but I do not pay attention to eating on the plane anyway as the lounges often offer better choice and quality. Was surprised by  speed of free (also for Economy) Qantas onboard wifi on Australian domestic flights with older 737–800 compared to slower and erratic wifi on EK’s recent 77W and A380. Chauffeur pick-up and drop-off add to the overall comfort of the journey.
 The most over rated airline! Customer service is the worst that I've experienced. Ground crews were downright rude. We asked one of the ground crew for priority boarding since we were travelling with our 6 month old baby but he only told us to go to the end of the queue in a very rude way. During the boarding they did not call priority boarding for elderly, disabled passengers and passengers travelling with babies. Cabin crews were equally as rude and dismissive. For goodness sake, we are your customers and your job is to give us good service. We are never flying Emirates anymore, especially going anywhere to Asia.
  Dubai to Bangkok. Check-in was smooth, but the boarding procedure was chaotic with different employees shouting contradictory messages to passengers. On board, we had a 45 minute delay without even an apology; just a quick word from the captain that we were waiting for a passenger and that made us miss our time slot for taking off! When I asked a flight attendant about the delay, she kept laughing and saying "It's fine. No problem." I believe a polite apology has to be issued. I observed a lack of professionalism among staff I encountered. The seat was comfortable enough but my table top was broken. The movie selection was very limited for my tastes.
  Beirut to Dubai. The whole trip was fine related to staff, service, welcoming. However we have moved to the bus and we waited like 20-25 mins just because 1 passenger lost something. All the passengers in the bus waited until this passenger came in. This was unacceptable as this can be managed differently. And all the crew have left before us.
 Melbourne to Singapore. Staff are generally rude. At the check in counter, they did not allow us to bring our laptop bag up together with cabin size bag even though it fulfilled all stated requirements. It caused us a lot of hassle and loss. Furthermore the staff were rude when dealing with us. Similarly on the plane here, noticed the attendants treating some passengers more dismissively. Inflight entertainment system is outdated compared to other international airlines. Will not fly Emirates again.
 ADD-DXB-BKK on 14th June 2019 on B777-300ER and A380, respectively. First Flight good and hardware good but food was a complete let down. I tried my special meal (acknowledge!) and all the other three menu dishes announced. All were absolutely substandard and not edible and I am not difficult and usually eat the dogs leftovers. But this was horrible and hazardous. Food in economy was edible and better than business. There was a cheese plate that helped me to avoid to starve. No ice creams and no inspirational additionals. Rate 6/10 Dubai-Bangkok was a great experience - as good as it gets on an airplane. A380 must be the king of the skies. Likely of my best flight ever, despite I had not slept the night before. I doubt that a general 1st class experience can beat this luxurious bz-class experience by Emirates on the A380. Simply outstanding on seat “hut”, meals, drinks. The onboard Sky Bar is a solid social effort and gimmick that is impressive and hard to dislike. I like the outer seats in the 1-2-1 biz-configuration with lots of space and great window access. The sports car design works well for me and the WiFi is solid and a bonus. Special meal was sophisticated and made to perfection. Rate 10/10 Lounge provided in Addis is the Ethiopian Cloud Nine Lounge which is slightly better than their Gold lounge. Seems this lounge is improving due to Emirates as they now serve the same champagne available on board.
  Bali to Dubai. The customer service is amazing and so patient. Mustufa from their Dubai customer center just helped me out flawlessly. Our line got disconnected before the changes were completed and he was amazing enough to complete everything and send me a confirmation email!
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Overall disappointed. Check In & Lounge of the standard expected, food in the Bangkok lounge was very good, as good as any EK lounge globally including Dubai. Flight was full, service was poor, catering below average and service disjointed. Main course went cold waiting for wine and dessert was inedible, gave feedback to cabin crew who tried to blame (a) catering in Bangkok isn’t as good as Dubai and (b) they were one crew member down due to illness. Frankly I don’t care, if catering is subpar out out Bangkok then are ticket prices reduced because of it - no, so don’t blame the catering, own the issue. As many here have posted, Emirates has lost its edge, staff have a mixed understanding of food and beverage service and Emirates is all show and lacks substance where it counts.
  Singapore to Venice via Dubai. As a regular of Qatar and Etihad on the Singapore-Europe route, this was my first time with Emirates. I would not call it a total disappointment, but the company is definitely (and sadly) not worth its fame. Positive aspects: new aircrafts, comfortable Economy seats with decent pitch, nice food (plus points for the metal cutlery), efficient ground staff. Seat selection is not complimentary and the cost disproportionate: the cheapest option for each of the 4 legs of my journey would have increased the ticket price by around 17%! Cabin service is close to no-frill airlines: no hot towel, no amenity kit, no staff walking around the aisle with trays of drinks during sleeping hours. The inflight entertainment on the A380 was a quite unresponsive touch screen with cursor. Charging plugs are only available to window and central seat. Worse part: the staff. I was told that an increasing number of Europeans had joined Emirates from Ryanair and I was displeased to see the same attitude brought to the 4-star airline. Apart from the lack of smiles and rough replies to some passengers that I could hear, the staff onboard the SIN-DXB night flight had been talking and laughing loudly in the galley for at least one hour after the light were switched off, going in and out without caring to seal the courtains. I have not seen such behaviour even on cheap low-cost carriers like Scoot or AirAsia, where the staff at least excercises the basic courtesy of letting their passengers sleep. With prices that are in line with its competitors in the region, I do not see the reason for me to fly Emirates again.
  Dubai to Hyderabad. I had booked a chauffeur drive at 13.05 on 03 June with pick up point and location details clearly marked on the map while booking online. After numerous calls with Driver, Call Center of Emirates nobody showed up to pick me up even after 13.45pm. After wasting and waiting for almost 50 minutes in hot sun, I finally took a Taxi and paid to reach business arrivals terminal and neither luggage concierge nor staff bothered to help me with my luggage from taxi nor to push the trolley. I met duty manager and explained whole story and all he said was it’s okay we apologize but now please board the flight as you are late. Such a horrible customer service I never expected from Emirates, especially when traveling in business class. On-Board Experience: It’s Ramadan (fasting month for Muslims) month and I was fasting. Cabin crew informed me if am fasting then food will be served when it’s time to break my fasting but I should order the food in advance so that I get served. When it was time of breaking my fasting I asked for the food that was ordered in advance and very surprisingly crew told sorry we can’t serve the food and you need to adjust with a small sandwich box as we are planning to land. When I questioned crew why did they promised me to order food in advance and how can they deny serving the food for a fasting person then crew simply said it’s our policy and we can’t help. When I became furious then they simply gave me a quick main course to eat but I felt their frustration while getting served. I wasn’t served the food which I had preordered despite crew having enough time (around one hour was left to land the flight). Most of the passengers sitting around me enjoyed full meal (all items of menu) but I had to go through this bad experience because I was fasting. Crew argued a lot with me to explain that full meal will be served only during initial serving time and not later even if someone is fasting. I finally gave up arguing with the crew as I felt really embarrassed to ask for food again and again. 
  Milan to New York. A very solid product in business class with huge lounge at Milan and chaffeur service both at origin and destination. A380 is top notch in terms of comfort and quietness. Cabin crew warm, polite and efficient. I found a good improvement on catering quality and staff service in the air and at the airport. Only Qatar Airways beat Emirates with service.
  Dubai to Birmingham. Plane is lovely, seats comfy, food ok but total lack of service from crew, one drink service on a 7 hrs flight. Had to go and ask for another one. Took so long to collect food trays people took them to galley themselves. Staff were not very friendly or welcoming.
  Emirates business class offers good seats (very good on the A380), excellent IFE, and fast transit times at DXB. Business and First Class lounges remain top-notch. FAs are generally kind and efficient. However, their pursers try too hard to welcome and do some chit-chat with gold and platinum members, while most of those frequent travellers just want some rest. Also, not clear why all safety and IFE introduction movies must be shown in 3 languages on some flights. Drinks offering and quality are excellent, but onboard food is below par: better eat in the lounges. WiFi is not reliable, okay for WhatsApp and text messages, but not good for email.
  Dubai to Manila. Emirates seems to be an airline where economy passengers are more important than business class passengers.  All hand carry was measured and weighed also for business class passengers. This is the first time on over 200 long haul business class flights I have ever experienced this. Reason: Business class is full of economy class passengers being upgraded. B777 is a wide body wide aircraft with 2 entrances. All economy passengers seated on the 2 aisle are boarded through the front door and has to pass through business class to get to their seat. As a business class passenger this means a lot of noise and commotion, no service until boarding is complete and being hit several times by carry on luggage. No service/bad service continued through out the flight with no drinks being offered during meals and no attention to passengers at all. It seemed the flight was understaffed due to a full business class.
  I booked the flight from Warsaw to Delhi via Dubai. Flight originally was planned for 24th of May at 12:50, departure from Dubai at 21:25. On Sunday, 19th of May, my partner received information that there were shcedule changes in the itinerary. We called immediately as they rescheduled our flight for 13rd of May (day earlier that we booked originally). Additionally, instead of 1,5 hrs. of transfer they changed for 13hrs at Dubai Airport. They informed us that they cannot do anything about it because our flight has been cancelled. We said we cannot fly on 23rd due to our duties etc. and they said they all come back in the morning and asked us to call. So, we call in the morning and lady said that there is a flight from Warsaw to Dubai on 24th (as originally planned) but we need to wait 13 hrs. at Dubai airport and there is no other option as flight from Dubai to Delhi at 21:25 was cancelled. Not having a choice, we decided to take this flight having in mind that we need to be in Delhi on Sunday. We reached Dubai on 24th of May and we saw that the flight from Dubai to New Delhi has not been cancelled and departure was ongoing what means that they lie to us saying that the flight was cancelled. Once we noticed, we run to the reservation desk, was huge line but finally we asked if we can change the flight for 21:25 as originally planned. They said no, we cannot it is already overbooked, and boarding is closed. She said there is an option at 3 am as well but it is also overbooked, 30 people on the list so she all not adds to the waiting list even. Not having a choice, we decided to go out from the airport because no one told us that emirates should give us a hotel.  Once we came back from center of Dubai we checked once again if there are some places may be at 3. Lady from reservation desk told us it is too late now to onboard but there were places and u should have been added on the waiting list, we said we asked to add, and emirate reservation service told us that it does not make sense. We asked about business class but no seats anymore, too late etc. Net we were hanging around till our morning flight that was at 9:50. I will not fly this airline anymore. 
  New York to Trivandrum via Dubai. Flight was delayed by 3hrs and the cabin crew was unfriendly. I travelled with a 3yr old and they never offered any kids friendly items in flight. We ordered Vegetarian and Hindu veg meals. Vegetarian was a little better than Hindu veg meals but wouldn’t say good. Flight attendants did not respond to assistance call button from seat. Before the flight started for landing they started collecting the blankets and ear phones back.
  Dubai to New York JFK. We couldn’t afford buying a Business ticket since it was way too expensive so we started using AMEX credit card to get as many miles as possible and use them for the upgrade. Finally after a few months spending money and taking advantage of different promotions we collected more than half of the miles, the rest we bought them through emirates website (very expensive!). First problem started a week before our trip when we tried to reserve the chauffeur Emirates offer for Business class passengers, apparently they remove it from miles upgraded tickets a week before we made the upgrade (they didn’t say it unless you try to actually use it and they tell you that you can’t due to the type of ticket). Emirates has a direct flight from Dubai to FLL but upgrade tickets where not available when we bought them so we decided to go through JFK with our upgrade ticket, since we were coming from Bangkok we arrived at Dubai airport at midnight and our flight to JFK departed 8:15am (8hours stopover), during our honeymoon I checked the Dubai-FLL flight multiple times until we saw tickets available for upgrade, so we called Emirates to change it (this change would make us arrive at FLL 12 hours earlier since the stop over in Dubai was only 2 hours and we didn’t have to stop in JFK for another 3 hours and take an extra flight) the guy in the phone told us that through the phone he couldn’t guarantee that we would get business seats in the new flight since he had to revert the upgrade, transfer the economy ticket and request the upgrade again, but he recommended us to do it at the airport, if they had seats available they would be able to do it without a problem. When we got to Bangkok airport I checked online once again and the seats where still available so we spoke with the Senior Lounge Agent, she was extremely unhelpful and harsh with us, first I tried to explain the situation nicely but she didn’t care, and her response was “I’m sorry but in order to change we have to revert back the upgrade and the miles take 24-48 hours to be back in your account so you wont be able to upgrade for this flight”. It is disappointing because the guy over the phone told us exactly the opposite (wait until you get to the airport) and second because you are flying in business paying a lot of money (or a lot of miles) but they don’t seem to care, also since you have an upgrade ticket is for them as if you still have your economy ticket the attention is really bad. I regret a lot flying with Emirates, during our honeymoon we flew business with Qatar & Cathay and they were better, you cannot compare.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Trip was relatively nice. Checked in around 11:PM at Suvarnabhumi International airport located the Emirates counter all the way at the back. What I found a bit strange that they were still about 4 or 5 people ahead of us in the business class counter and the first class counter was completely empty. Once checked in we (finally) didn’t have to go to the payment counter for overweight luggage since we had around 40KG baggage allowance. Got fast track passes so the security and immigration was a breeze.Once customs was over we headed to the lounge and had some water and tea. (Didn’t eat much not gonna lie) then we checked the Duty free a bit and headed to the gate. We got priority boarding so we didn’t have to wait that much. We entered the aero bridge and were welcomed by the cabin crew and located our assigned seats. Legroom was very decent the recline seating options were amazing for me and the flat bed was really easy and effective. IFE was amazing and the screen was fairly large.The headphones worked well and so did the tray table functions. What I found very useful was the storage space beside my seat. It even had its own minibar with Evian and Perrier and something else (not gonna lie I don’t remember). The food was ok p(not the best) and so was the onboard lounge and restrooms. Slept for about a hour since the flight is pretty short. And arrived at Hong Kong International Airport. Took the airport train and headed to immigration.Unfortunately there wasn’t any fast track immigration for premium passengers on arrival like in BKK. Luggage came pretty early and all in all a decent trip.
  Istanbul to Dubai. 1st leg: fr Sofia to Istanbul by Turkish Airlines (Apr 26:16-17:15) 2nd leg: fr Istanbul to Dubai (Apr 26: 19:25- Apr 27: 1pm) 3rd leg: fr Dubai to HK First, when I checked in online, the system said since the first leg was operated by Turkish, I could not do so. When I checked in in Sofia, Turkish  said I needed to get my other boarding passes from Emirates in Istanbul. The arrival time from Sofia to Istanbul was delayed by 15 mins & it took about 15 mins for the plane to drive to the parking terminal. Since my seat was at the end of the plane, it took another 15 mins for me to leave the plane. Then I ran around to find the transfer desk of Emirates. But I couldn't find any sign in the airport indicating where it was & the airport is very large. I asked many airport staff but they either did not know it or pointed me in the wrong direction. Finally I could find one airport staff member pointed me to the right location. When I arrived at the transfer desk, it was about 18:28 & the Celebi staff representing Emirates was not there & someone went inside the office behind to get him out. After he was out & checked the system, he said the checkin was closed.  He called his supervisor to see if they could let me check in. The answer was NO & he could not do anything else. I was angry because there was still about an hour before takeoff. He then said since my previous plane was delayed for 15 mins, Turkish should bear the responsibility. I then approached Turkish Airlines and asked 2 different staff members, they said 15 mins was just a short time & there was still about an hour before the next plane took off. Then there came the deadlock. I looked like an idiot running between the 2 airlines. They all treated me in bad attitude at the end, thinking I was a trouble maker. So the only thing I could do then was to book another air ticket. It costed me HK$4259.08 & 30 hours more. To me, I cannot understand why I couldn't check in when there was still about an hour before takeoff. I've just called Emirates' customer service, they said I must check in 1 hour before takeoff. The experience is the worst I ever have.
  Bangkok to Brussels via Dubai. I've flown them roughly every three years or so for the last two decades and they seem as good as ever. They're not perfect, and some other carriers have done a good job of catching up (particularly in economy class) but Emirates is still one of the better choices. The check in team and gate agents are efficient and patient. I had a problem with my mobile boarding pass not scanning and they were able to print me a new paper one with a smile. The aircraft was an older 777, but still mostly functional--there was a problem with the seat recline on my second segment. The entertainment system is good, but trying to cater to every culture they serve means the pool of options for English is pretty shallow. I was able to keep myself entertained, but just barely. Comedy is a weak spot for sure. The two hours of free wifi is good, but the connection is pretty poor. Emirates food is decent, though one flight only had an option of lamb or cod. Those are both rather specific tastes, I'd have been happier if they had gone with at least one safer choice of beef, chicken, or pasta. But the food was good and the desserts definitely stand out. Emirates doesn't stack up to the Asian carriers in terms of frequently circulating with water between meals, but the crew seemed service focused enough that you would get some if you asked. Connecting in Dubai is not a great experience. It's not as horrible as Doha but there is an amazing lack of plumbing in the airport, ensuring long lines at the toilets. Add to that some really extensive walks to get from gate to gate, and I'd be wary of advising any mobility impaired friends to try this without assistance. The flights were close to on time, but both arrived a little bit late without any logical explanation--no headwinds, ATC delays, or other obvious issues. Despite all those little negatives, Emirates is still a top notch experience.
  Newcastle to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai . I have flown with Emirates on and off for years, and you can really see cost cutting and staff attitudes changing, on my flights anyway. Their bar service is non existent more or less, you get offered a drink with your meal, and thats about it, if you want a drink of anything you have to keep ring for service, which most folk like myself dont like to do. No hot towels on getting on the craft, your just left, food has notably gone down in quality too! On the second leg of the flight, it was a 4.20am takeoff, we were left without so much as a drink of water for 3 hours, i had medication to take and asked them for water, , they must have a water shortage! It was brought in an eggcup size cup. Eventually got brought a substandard breakfast, which has been so chilled its lost all its flavour, no alcohol offered on this flight. The service has massively changed, you can really see it is like the staff cant be bothered, just wanna chuck the food at you, so they can rest and talk in the galley. I paid £700 for my flight and felt ripped off, it would put me off travelling with them again. However, it is very handy from Newcastle upon Tyne to get a bit further afield, come on Emirates, get your act together! One positive is the IFE, very good.
  Prague to Bangkok via Dubai. I am very disappointed about the quality and service provided by the Emirates. It started at the check-in desk where I have checked 1 luggage and explicitly asked the staff member as I carry a lot of camera, lens, cables etc, if I can have drone (small size) with me in cabin bag. I was told yes, you don`t have to have it in checked baggage. Then at the security check right before the boarding gate I was told and forced to put drone into checked luggage, but I was not provided any bag for that and that I have to take care of it myself that it`s my mistake I was told by Emirates staff at the gate, BUT thanks to local security officers on airport (not emirates staff) They helped me to find bag, some papers and airbags to secure the drone. I said OK nice start, but then it continued with the service onboard. The menu was served after 2 hours after the take off and no walkaround of staff around. No water offer, only if you come by person to staff asking for water or something. The food was average - good taste, selection of 2 main food chicken vs beef and drinks. I asked for a beer and I was told they run out of beer. so I asked for Gin and Soda, and I was told, I dont have it with me but if you wait 10-15 minutes I will get it right back for you, and I waited approx 20 mins to get the gin and tonic. You can see attached picture of the snack we were offered, and I was like really, you can select small pretzels or kitkat?  I can only say that the seat comfort (176cm tall) and entertainment - big screen was the only positive about the flight. 
  Me and a toddler flew from Dubai to Kochi. Initially opted for a wheelchair, but later got on the buggy to gate as child not allowed on wheelchair. We both have comfortably travelled in other airlines together in a wheelchair. The buggy management is not proper, had to wait in their holding area till the last moment to get to gate. Later had to rush thru the gate with rude staff. Had flown before, but their standard and staff are not up to the expectations any more.  They should improve their services to Indian routes who are paying the same money. Mostly double standards. As mentioned in other reviews food is basic.
 Trivandrum to Boston via Dubai. If I could enter 0, I would do that. My parents were travelling from India to Raleigh, NC with 2 stops. Before even my parents landed Dubai, I got a text message saying 2nd leg flight rebooked for next day (24 hour delay) due to unforeseen circumstance. When I called customer service, I was told flight was cancelled due to operational issues which is a lie. I can see the status of the flight as landing on time on their website. The service provided during wait time is horrible. This is my last time travelling with Emirates!
  Singapore to Brisbane. This is the first time we have flown this route with Emirates for a few years. The chauffeur was very friendly and polite even offering to stop/slow down for photos I was taking. The lounge was great, the food was very good as is usual in the Emirates own lounges. The hot food was very good with a good choice of Asian dishes, and we especially loved the freshly made to order dumplings. The only let down was that they served Moet and not Veuve Cliquot which was what was previously on offer. On board the cabin layout of 3-2-3 was disappointing and the seat comfort was not good. However the aircraft was very clean and well maintained. The service to start off was a bit hit and miss, although did improve after the meal service. Champagne on board again was only Moet. The promised drinks after takeoff was not delivered until we reminded them and also the wines we had already ordered with our meals did not eventuate until reminded a couple of times. The food was good but nothing exciting, with no dine on demand or pre ordering available which I think would be an improvement. No amenity kits, only socks and eyeshades provided.
 First time for a long time with Emirates - normally I would use Etihad, and first time A380 business class. Overall, a curates's egg. However, you come to expect more from Emirates particularly given the cost of their flights. The good points: check in and bag delivery was excellent, as was the chauffeur service to / from DXB. The cabin appeared spotless, though all was not as it seemed. The crew were immaculate and charming if a little robotic. The quibbles: boarding at DXB was chaotic. It should not take nearly 2 hours to clear queuing passengers into the gate, the flight eventually leaving 90 minutes behind schedule. On the flight to CAN I was not welcomed onboard, or offered a drink, or a drink order taken on the return. If paying top dollar there is an expectation FAs keep tabs on their assigned passengers. However, the biggest disappointment was the food. I'd pre-ordered vegetarian. On the outward leg I was presented what I considered at the time to be the most uninspired slop I'd seen in nearly 50 years of flying, boiled mixed vegetables in a tasteless sauce on couscous. Until my return flight, that is. A 'dish' of boiled noodles with a squirt of neat tomato puree on top and accompanies by half a dozen near raw peas in their pods. The excellent sweet did not compensate. The FA apologized and offered any selection from the menu as an alternative. Trouble is, unlike other full fare airlines, including for economy class (Etihad), Emirates offers no vegetarian - or vegan - options. One assumes Emirates' management would rather vegetarians stay away. Henceforth I shall duly support this policy. I strongly recommend other vegetarians do likewise. Finally, I enjoy watching wildlife programmes as part of IFE. What I appreciate less is being 'entertained' through the night by the antics of a cockroach presumably making its way home through my seating area disappearing into the seat recess in front. Where there's one there'll be many more. Which rather sums up Emirates: a glossy veneer but rather grubby beneath.
  I was very much looking forward to Emirates flight and had pre-set expectations of high standards of service and comfort. I was traveling with my Mother on the flight and I must say that the flight was pretty average nowhere close to Emirates brand of service. A couple of gripes on their Boeing 777 from Mumbai - Dubai - flown 07 March 2019. Inattentive cabin crew - No response to hostess call bell multiple times, had to verbally call out for assistance.  No water provided on boarding the aircraft and you had to ask for water and that also was cheaply been distributed in open plastic glasses the way they do it by the road side in India pouring out of packaged drinking water bottles. For more than an hour no water or snacks were offered and the food that was served was average and that was it, no munchies or a bottle of water before the dinner was served. Getting a glass of juice was a challenge and everything was being served very stingily. 5The flight seats are of very poor width since the flight is crammed with lot many seats per row, the food tray could barely fit on it. Uncomfortable aisles and poor comfort overall. The positive -  The inflight entertainment and camera view, that was the only saving grace.  Comparatively new flight and clean upholstery. Conclusion - For me Emirates was as average as any other full service airlines in India. Not too happy about the overrated hype regarding brand Emirates especially on Indian routes.
 What happened on EK-001 on 9th May 2019? I've flown Emirates many times with excellent service, but this flight was disgusting. I get a special meal, gluten free, so my food arrived 30 mins before the general rush, then the normal food distribution. The food trays were then left (on people's laps) for maybe '4 hours'. This made it awkward to get up as one had to ask a neighbour to hold your tray plus their tray to go the toilet. I plan my in-flight experience down to exactly which seat and which meal, to minimise inconvenience, but this didn't work on EK-001 (09/05/19). Drinks trolleys were abandoned opposite toilets making for less space to stand. The flight standard was all the worse because I had just got off the excellent flight from Perth, Australia, arriving at gate A1 departing gate A3. It was such a shock coming from a serene feeling on a flight inbound to their Dubai hub, and the excellent experience in their hub, plus the great flights out to Australia. It genuinely felt as if the stewards were on strike. (This was the flight where we were told at the end, suitcases in hand, packed in the aisles, to return to our allocated seats because the British police were coming on board.). Come on, Emirates! You blew it here.
  After 1 month in Thailand and the prospect of coming home to rainy Scotland, I decided to treat myself and upgrade my original economy ticket to business class. Okay I'll get all the positives out the way first. Great lounge at BKK, fully stocked with drinks and all the food I had was very tasty and prepared to a high standard. Seat and all the amenities that come with it were spot on, this is for the A380. The B777 is a more cramped affair altogether, so if you can, fly on the A380 - this applies to economy as well. I loved relaxing at the A380 bar area, watching the football on the big screen, whilst enjoying a freshly made cocktail, bliss! Now the negative, yes, just one, but it's a biggie and that would be the service. Now, don't get me wrong, there were some very pleasant FA's, albeit a bit false but as for the others it's the reason I won't fly Emirates again. After dinner I had a full glass of champagne in front of me, the FA tried to snatch it away, I don't understand this and why would you not ask the customer if they are finished? Needless to say, I snatched it back, much to the FA's annoyance, forgive me for wanting to finish my drink when I'm paying good money. Another point is the staff just hanging around the bar towards the end of the flight, as thought it was their own staff room, I wanted to just chill and spend the last couple hours of my flight reading my book but this just totally put me off. I work in hospitality myself and believe those areas are for the customer and the customer only not for staff to drape themselves over. Upon arrival at the lounge in Dubai, I gave my ticket to receptionist and as I was off a flight and a bit tired I made the heinous mistake of going the wrong way "Where are you going sir" was said to me in the tone of "what are doing you complete and utter buffoon", not pleasant in the slightest, such a sour character and one you wonder why bother working with the public? So in a nutshell, great food, IFE, seats etc etc. But very, average service, bordering on downright rude at times. For this reason I'll be trying Singapore in future and avoiding Emirates entirely. It's a bad day when a low cost carrier like Easyjet are miles ahead of you in the service department.
  We travelled Emirates yet again because we are moving back to England. This one-way flight was a pleasant one. The airport wasn't a pigsty like it usually is when we travel in the summertime. The cabin staff and ground staff are very friendly. When we were at the airport, however, we had to pay AED120 for baggage wrapping only because they didn't have plastic, which isn't very fair, but anyhow. Boarding gate was pretty busy and it was a full flight. It was fairly pleasant on board - no screaming babies for the majority of the duration of flight but just when we took off there was one family with a crying baby. ICE is great but children's selection of films is lousy. Good music on the flight - almost every song i wanted to listen to E-section (Entertainment) had. Seats aren't the most comfortable seats in the world. Food and beverage is great, and almost beats Singapore Airlines' meals. All in all, a good flight - one of our best with Emirates yet.
  I booked the tickets with Emirates to Kathmandu from Oslo. Since, they don't operate in Nepal, they use their partner FlyDubai to fly people to Kathmandu. I don't recommend you to book the tickets combining Emirates and their partners, because you will not be given any hotels or any facilities, no matter how long your transit is (which I was told at the customer service center in Dubai). I will never fly with them again.
  I flew out LHR-DXB on economy and was upgraded to business for the return flight. Economy was not too busy so had middle seat free. Check-in was fine and meal quality for economy was pretty good. ICE had a big choice. Flight left a bit late but caught up. 30 minute wait to get my bag at DXB. Return flight - check-in took forever, not enough attendants but getting upgraded to business certainly made up for it. I travelled business on Emirates about 4 years ago and seat configuration has improved and having access to the stand-up bar was great. if I had been paying for business I would have been a bit miffed that my first choice of steak had already gone by the time I was asked. My first course of arabic mezze was served with a choice of breads but no arabic wraps/breads which would have been a far better accompaniment.Main course of seafood biriani was prawns hidden in a flavoured rice, pleasant but nothing remarkable and a bit dry. Pudding of Mango millefeuille was excellent. Choice of wines was fine. Arrival at LGW was on time and luggage came out quickly but given it was North Terminal we had a 15 minute walk to get there.
  Dubai to Johannesburg. Absolute horrific customer service. As I approved I informed the lady I’m flying to Johannesburg and the count will close soon. (20 minutes) she said it’s fine I need to wait in the queue. of about 19/20 counters there was one person working. There was about 9 passengers in front of me. I waited as told. When I reached the counter finally the lady told me I missed my check in (by 5 minutes) as I was waiting. She refused to help or assist and told me I need to speak to another counter. The manager that he is just said I need to rebook and it’s not his problem. As I booked my flight through a third party (my fault) and was checked in already I lost both my flights as I was a no show. This cost me AED 4500 roughly. Emirates has really lost its wow factor with ground staff attitudes. Might as well be all automatic as they will be more pleasant. Most horrible and very expensive experience. I understand I should have come earlier.
 I and my wife took the flight from Cape Town to Dubai (EK773) and Dubai to Hong Kong (EK382) on 27 Apr to 28 Apr 2019. After we alight the flight (EK773) in Dubai airport at the remote bay, I immediately recalled that I left 3 bottles of liquor on the aircraft during the bus ride to the terminal. It was about 00:30L 28 Apr 2019. Once we arrived at the terminal, we sought help from an Emirates staff, he asked me to go to the information desk. Then we sought the information desk to help, the information desk staff refer me to the transit connection counter. Then we went to connection counter to ask for help. The connection counter staff asked us to wait for one hour there, she said she would see if anyone retrieved anything from the aircraft. Please note that at this point, no staff took note of any of our PAX information. I waited for an hour and went back to the connection counter. The encounter staff dialled Lost & Found and simply passed me the phone to me. The Lost & Found said the aircraft has not been cleared, nothing has retrieved from the aircraft. Since it was about the boarding time for our next flight, I asked my wife to head to the boarding gate and ask the gate staff to help and I waited for 15 mins more. Once my wife arrived at the gate and asked for help. Again, the gate staff simply passed the phone to my wife and asked her to talk to Lost & Found. At this time, the Lost & Found lady told my wife the aircraft has been cleared and nothing has been retrieved. I arrived at the gate 15 mins later. I was so angry because no ground staff were trying to help and none of them seemed care at all. Their service attitude was terrible! The gate staff explained that maybe other PAX took them. I claimed that we were the last PAX to alight the aircraft since we knew we have 3 hrs for transit therefore we didn't need to rush. At this point, we gave up and entered the waiting area at Gate A8. 15 mins later, I decided to ask the gate staff to call the Lost & Found again and let me talk to the Lost & Found directly. This time, the Lost & Found staff told me the aircraft has not been cleared, nothing has been retrieved yet. What is going on? I told her no one recorded any of my PAX information. Then she asked me to send an e-mail to [email protected] as it is the standard procedure for Emirates. I sent the e-mail right away and they acknowledged my query. 24 hours has passed and I still hear nothing! This was my first time flying with Emirates and it was terrible! I understood I was my mistake to leave my liquor on the aircraft. But how can I expect no ground staff actually care to help at all. I had reported the left-over items immediately and I couldn't get them back during the 3 hours transit!
  Auckland to Dubai. My worst flying experience in 40 years. Right now I am stuck in Dubai on a confirmed ticket on Emirates that they will not homor. Their airline had no integrity and no one that can make a decision. Horrible. 
 Had 2 great flights from Kuwait to Dubai and back with Emirates. The last time I flown Emirates was back in 2015, I then switched to Qatar Airways which I found is better. My recent flight with Emirates was great overall. But yes, their services went down (seat selection no longer free, 25kg only for Economy Class, no more hot towels served prior to departure in Economy Class. Other negatives are: WiFi was available but not working on both flights. IFE Box under the seats blocking some legroom. Very tiring boarding organization unlike Qatar Airways, Emirates closes the gate 45 minutes prior to departure time, while Qatar Airways closes the gate 20 minutes prior to departure time. Emirates’s 45 minutes causes a long long queue. Postives, good and comfortable seats, the 10-abreast B777-300ER is decent, not as bad as people say. Of course I won’t deny the Award-Winning Excellent ICE Entertainment System. Despite both flights were operated on old planes with very unresponsive touch screens, the movies selection were up-to-date. Very friendly cabin crew, excellent meal service for a 1 hour 30 minutes flight. Clean cabin, beautiful and luxury Orange-Colored-mood-lighting system. I would fly them again as a second choice after Qatar Airways, it was a pleasure Emirates.
  Vienna to Sulaymaniyah via Dubai. We missed our connection flight with another airline company and were unable to get a continuing flight with that company for another 3 days. We searched the other airlines and could fly with Emirates within 4 hours - best decision we made! When we checked in they noted that we have 3 young children and changed our seats so we could have the front row seats enabling us to sit together and also be able to use their onboard cot for our 9 month old. Once on board the flight attendants were very helpful and friendly. They attached the baby cot to the divider, my 2 older children, 6 & 3, saw the baby pack and wanted the blankets as they came with penguins (didn’t say anything, they just poured!) and they were more than happy to supply these for them. The children’s food was a good selection of food they actually ate, we were checked on regularly and we found the flight more relaxing than we’d expected travelling with 3 small children! TLDR: A very accommodating airline with friendly and professional staff. Highly recommend, especially if travelling with children!
  Algiers to Bangkok via Dubai. It was a fantastic experience from the check in until the air craft landed. Seats are very comfortable with large legroom, the entertainment system was excellent with lot of choices. 
  Dubai to Singapore. On this flight I started to feel terribly ill. I was worried as it was quite a long flight but the staff were so accommodating to my needs. I was in a very trying situation but staff took initiative to make me feel cared for. Even when she wasn’t called for, she came to communicate with me what she could bring for me (more blankets, tea, etc) and how much longer the flight was. I expressed my concern to her about not being able to catch my next flight to Australia (my final destination) but she assured me not to worry about this, and that she would call for a medical team to help me in Singapore during transit, and that if the doctor says I’m not fit to fly, that I could catch the next flight when I feel better free of charge. 
  Manchester to Dubai return. EK18 on 17th April 2019 was great - staff were friendly and helpful, food good, everything nice. Great first impressions of the airline. Flight EK19 back to Manchester on 24th April 2019 not so good. Family to our right let their 3 or 4 year old daughter play in the aisle for approx 5 of the 7 hours flight, she was jumping up and down banging on the floor, swinging on seats, hit my son and staff never said a word at any point even though she was constantly in their way/playing next to other passengers further down the plane, even when they were eating. The father was sat on the aisle seat but made not 1 single attempt to control his daughter, he looked like everything was an effort (except eating the extra meals he asked for, and got) and instead put his headphones on/snoozed whilst his daughter roamed about (in between asking staff for things out of sequence instead of waiting to be served like the rest of us). Was disappointed with the lack of staff response, it ruined our flight. The man had an air of entitlement for some reason, even though his family had 3 seats so, in a way, us families next to him with 4 seats had paid more to be there yet got a worse service (I know it doesn't work like that but it is annoying when 1 passenger thinks they are above everyone else). To make it worse a man had been moved from his rightful seat to accommodate the family in those seats (they had missed their earlier flight so were put on this one instead), which was annoying in hindsight - we would all have had a nice flight in zone D if the original man seated there had not been forced to move. I also paid for extra wifi on both journeys and then it didn't work! Waste of £20! My Emirates experience was 10/10 on the way there and then reduced to 4/10 on the way back.
  Budapest to Manila via Dubai. Everything went well and smooth. Emirates crew noticed us as platinum members and were helpful, we received every necessary information about the routes too. The one and only problem was that WI-fi connection was not available during our first flight. The in-flight entertainment is still the top, highly valued during these long flights.
  Dubai to Manila. I have flown with Emirates quite a while now. The company is okay, super overpriced from DXB. However I can't happen to notice the severe decline of the service quality. Grumpy staff, poor quality juices, no amenity kit for over 8h flights. No longer the airlines reference when I comes to on board service and hospitality. They should stop bragging about their past award and invest more, especially in their staff.
  Milan to New York JFK return in economy. Very solid product, the best way to travel in Y from Europe to US with plenty of legroom, food, film & music with IFE top notch. Even if not the cheapest choice on this route note that flying the A380 worth the premium price because of the superb comfort and silence of the aircraft. Crews are just OK , but they did the right job. EK is a real 4 star airline. Recommended.
 London Gatwick to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai. Terrible service, cabin crew unprofessional and not responding to calls. The airline has gone severely downhill. I haven't travelled with Emirates since 2012, and back then it was fantastic. Good customer service, food drinks and snacks were offered regularly and it was definitely a different experience than travelling with Lufthansa or BA. Now BA offers much better service on long haul flights than Emirates.
 Singapore to Edinburgh via Dubai. Was quite excited for this route but turns out to be a total nightmare and I would much rather stuck with my usual BA. The second leg of the flight from Dubai was delayed by 45 min. Plane was hot for the morning flight and cabin crew was rarely in sight for the entire 8 hours. Rarely had water or beverages offered. It felt like a budget flight. On the return flight ground staff had poor customer service. I wanted to buy an extra bag at the airport but they insisted on charging me overweight which amounted to £500 and resulting me in leaving my belongings in the UK. Inflight service was poor. Again cabin crew are rarely in sight. The second leg the snack was so dry I spat it out. Also not to mention no cabin crew was bringing out water for the flight. Overall an incredible letdown. Never flying this route again and Emirates isn’t worth the hype.
  Gatwick to Manila via Dubai. Was recommended by a colleague to fly Emirates business class. What I was surprised about was I experienced 2 very different business class products – I was totally shocked at the difference. London to Dubai was on an Airbus and Dubai to Manila a Boeing 777. The Airbus flight was aligned to business class travel expectations, seat was reasonably comfortable, large selection of IFE, food was of a good quality. My only quibbles were the seat belt length seemed quite short – it was tight on me and not something I experienced on other airlines; staff helped when asked but otherwise didn’t offer. The Boeing product is significantly inferior – uncomfortable seating and it was not lie flat, no storage at all, 2-3-2 configuration, no amenity kit etc, slow food service with a very limited selection. The Boeing flight is like flying premium economy – a good amount of leg room and a wider seat (seat belt size was much longer) but that’s as much as I can positively say about it. It was a really uncomfortable flight for me given it was close to 9 hours – I felt cheated for having paid for a business class seat. Regrettably, I had 2 more business class flights that week with Emirates which were not refundable otherwise I would have cancelled. Flew HKG to Dubai on an Boeing 777 - just as bad (if not worse) than the Manila flight. What storage existed was used by the cabin staff, myself and 2 other passengers had to store our cabin bags several rows behind us in a single overhead – we had to do this ourselves, no help or interest from cabin staff. Food was awful. Lounge in Dubai served excellent food and beverages and had some nice quiet seating areas. However, if you wanted some F&B getting it was a bit of a challenge - I witnessed only 2 serving stations for main courses and tea/coffee - despite being there for over an hour, never did manage to be able to get through the endless throng to get a cup of tea. I regularly travel long haul for business but I'm afraid Emirates does not get a recommendation from me.
  I bought an economy ticket to Cairo but the service was very poor, is totally different what you see on publicity and advertising spots. The cabin crew were not professional. The plane felt narrow and it was difficult to move or ask permission for the bathroom. The bathroom only one for the entire economy class. The free wifi, was not working for the way DXB to CAI so I was so disappointed really. 
  Brisbane to Dubai. I always thought Emirates was supposed to be one of the best but let me tell you, it is not. The staff were pretty professional but that is common among airlines. I was initially excited to be flying in an A380 for the first time but the moment I boarded, my heart sunk. It was obvious Emirates had chosen the the cheapest possible configuration that you would expect on a budget domestic airline. The seats were super low quality and grubby. There was next to no padding which made it painful for a 14 hour flight. The air was dry, but worse is the LED lighting which has a low Hz flicker. This becomes migraine inducing as the lighting splits into green blue and red as you move your eyes about. There is also an insufficient number of toilets available. The Boeing 787 is much better from my experiences on other airlines. Overall disappointed.
  Melbourne to Dubai via Singapore. I had a fantastic flight with Emirates, from check-in to arrival.  The ground staff were organised and efficiently boarded all passengers. The flight crew ensured I was comfortable and even the odd chat when they weren't busy. One even went out of her way to help me translate something into Arabic. The meals were more than adequate. In-flight Wi-Fi was affordable - $20 for unlimited wi-fi.
 Probably the worst flight I ever had with EK since I started flying with them 13 years ago. My route was DXB-CAI and return both ways were with very old outdated B777. First of all EK stopped handing hot towels prior to take off, inflight magazines are removed from the seat pocket probably to reduce cost. On the way DXB-CAI we boarded on time however there was a delay of 1 full hour sitting on board with no explanation. Crew didn’t even bother to serve water or a juice and no explanation from the captain, secondly my headphones were not working properly due to the age of the aircraft and I had to keep holding it. Seat was broken and always reclining however I informed the crew but nothing happened, they kept asking me to adjust my seat to up position and I kept telling them it was broken. On the way back it was the opposite, it wouldn’t recline at all. The food service also has dropped a lot with the quality of the meal service and the portions which have become similar to what you get on a Low cost. When arrived back to Dubai also 30 mins late the luggage was delayed for more than an hour, they announced on the speakers but no explanation which led to being late for my early morning meeting as was supposed to land at 7:10am and had meeting at 9:30 am but I had to cancel it and of course no explanation or visibility of EK staff. I’m seriously trying to avoid using them as much as possible now. Very disappointed with what they have became.
  Houston to Dubai. We have so much high opinion about Emirates since we had flown 3 years back. But looks like new Emirates is about boasting and less action. Right from the time we checked in to inflight cabin crew to nightmare of changing the flights, it has been a nightmare. When i send a feedback to Emirates, no reply back from them. The cabin crew has no regards to the passenger and they would not even react to the call unless you personally go to their area and ask for water. The customer service was a nightmare. Based on where you call, you get that type of service.  If there are other options, i would avoid flying Emirates. 
 Newark to Delhi via Dubai. Prior to flying with Emirates, I flew with all the American and major European airlines in North America, and Europe. I must say Emirates is way better than all, and exceeded my expectation. Seating quality, leg space, TV screen, selection of movies and tv shows, food all are fantastic. As of now, this is the best airline so far. This was the fifth time I was flying with this airline, and I will continue with them. Also, connecting in Dubai airport is easy. Security screening is very fast and convenient. The airport itself is amazing, so if you're flying with Emirates and transiting here in Dubai, you're in great hands!
 Flight EK191 on 19th March had aircraft change from 777-300 to 777-200. We always reserve (at extra cost) dual seats of row 48 but were re-allocated to seats row 37 which on the seat map look identical. However, on boarding we found that 3 extra rows had added and row 37 was a normal triple seat. The purser apologised and moved us to the only double row available in row 39 - the one with fixed arm rests and of-set screens. My request for a refund of the seat reservation charge of €80 was refused on the grounds that Emirates are allowed to make changes for 'operational reasons'. Because of the extra rows seat pitch is now 31" and not the 33" - 34" shown on the seat map. Food quality has also dropped but I overcame this by ordering a Kosher meal for this return flight which was delicious after waiting 20 minutes for it to thaw out! As others have said Emirates is cost cutting to the detriment of its reputation whereas adding 1-2% to fares would avoid this.
  
Manchester to Dubai. Emirates is vastly overrated. Good inflight entertainment but that is it. Poor impersonal service that was surly, their cabin crew are far from the best. The whole experience lacked any character and as for the afternoon tea before landing - their version of a sandwich is a literally one quarter of what even the most diet conscious would expect. Fly Emirates to be treated like just a number. Not looking forward to return flight. Luggage took about an hour to arrive in Dubai.
 London Gatwick to Islamabad via Dubai. My first time on Emirates. I had heard good things about this airline in the past so decided to give it a go. Baggage drop-off at Gatwick was fine. The gate at Gatwick was horrible, a small space to accommodate all economy class passenger of an A380. Most of us had to stand for a long time before boarding commenced as the seating at the gate were totally inadequate. My seat on the A380 was comfortable but the IFE did not work. The seat would not recline either. The stewardess tried to help but ended up apologizing for the broken IFE and seat. The meal service was good and the quality of food reasonable, however, the portion sizes were very small. The flight from Dubai to Islamabad was not good at all. Boarding at Dubai was chaotic, Most passengers were not allowed to take their hand luggage on board with them as according the staff at the gate the flight was full and there would not be enough space on the plane for hand luggage despite the fact that most people had just one item of hand luggage with them. The boarding process took a long time and the gate staff didn't seem too bothered. The seats on Boeing 777-300ER were extremely uncomfortable, the legroom was very tight and the seat width was also very cramped. Shortly after boarding completed, the cabin lights were switched off with on the screens and seat belt signs providing any light. The captain announced that we would be delayed due to heavy traffic along our flight path. No cabin crew were around to answer any queries and any calls for them were ignored. We eventually left Dubai over an hour late. The rest of the flight was unremarkable. The crew were not very friendly and didn't seem too bothered. The breakfast was ok but again the portion size was very small. After landing the I noticed that most of the cabin crew seemed absent with only one stewardess standing by the door. She did not bother to smile or say goodbye to anyone.
  Oslo to Singapore via Dubai. I expected something more from an airline like Emirates. My friends who have flown with them, told me that has very good food in economy class, and the cabin crew are friendly. This is the opposite of what I have experienced. My first flight was from Oslo to Dubai on the 21st of March. We flew with a Boeing 777, reg A6-EWC. Before the flight, I was happy that I could use the ICE, an internationally awarded In-flight entertainment system. I was really disappointed when I touched the screen, because it was unusable. The screen heated up to 40-50 degrees, and the touch didn't work well. The food was OK, but again, I expected something more from an airline like Emirates. Two members of the cabin crew were rude to me. The flight from Dubai to Singapore with A388 was really good. Plenty of legroom under the seat in front of me. Back to Oslo, I have ordered Vegetarian meal to try something different (I had Asian vegetarian meal from OSL to SIN). I was angry when they gave me vegan food. Is it so hard to see the difference between Vegetarian and vegan food?. It was definitely the worst meal I have eaten on an airplane. I recommend to choose an another airline if you have a possibility to do so. I could fly cheaper with Finnair or  Qatar airways, but i choose Emirates only because they had the A380. 
 I expected something more from Emirates. I've heard many pros about the airline from my friends who have flown with Emirates and an ex-Emirates stewardess. What I experienced, is the opposite of what they told me. They told me that the food is the best food you can eat in economy class. I have also read that the ICE intertainment system is the best IFE system in the world. I do not agree at all. My first flight was from Oslo to Dubai, flight number EK 160. We flew with a Boeing 777, reg A6-EWC. I was excited to try the ICE, so the first thing I did after I found my seat was to try the system. I was very disappointed when I realized, that the screen's temperature is over 40 degrees, and the touch works badly. The sound from the headphones was also very noisy, I think that DACs in the aircraft were maybe broken. I ordered Asian Vegetarian meal (AVML) on their website before the flight. Agian, I expected something more from a 4 star airline like Emirates. The food was just OK, nothing more than that. The next flight was from Dubai to Singapore with an A380, reg A6-EOT. The A380 was the best long haul plane I have flown with. There was a lot of legroom, and place next to the seat (I had a window seat) to leave small things like a pillow or your headsets. This time, the ICE worked well, and was more advanced than the old crap in the 777. Unfortunately, the cabin crew were rude and they didn't care about the passengers as much as the cabin crew in KLM or even AirAsia. I saw them only when twice when they gave food to the pax. On the way back to Oslo, I ordered Vegetarian meal. I was shocked, when they came with a Vegan meal. Is it so hard to see the difference? All other airlines offer vegeterian food or even lacto-ovo vegetarian etc. Also, I don't recommend the meal for those who are Vegans. It was really disgusting, and it was too warm. I will never recommend this airline to anybody. I could fly cheaper with airlines like Qatar Airways, LOT or Finnair, but I bought an Emirates ticket just for the A80.
  Beirut to Colombo via Dubai. The flights were comfortable both ways and Emirates staff on board were helpful and friendly but on our way back from Colombo to Dubai we had a short layover and our first flight was delayed and then parked miles from the terminal, necessitating a long bus ride and meaning that we rushed to make our connection. When we arrived at our gate we enquired if our bags would make the connection and were told that they were in the process of being transferred. Our flights was then delayed by the gate for 30 minutes, leaving plenty of time for the bags to be loaded. Despite this, when we arrived in Beirut, we received a message to say our luggage wasn't on the plane and would arrive on the next flight, eight hours later. We were told by ground staff that it could not be delivered and we would have to return to the airport to collect it. It took us almost an hour to find the Emirates office and someone who would help us. He promised that if we returned that evening to collect the bags the office would be open and Emirates staff would help us and would reimburse our taxi costs. When we got back, the office was closed and locked and no one answered the phone. We tried going back three times over the course of an hour. No one was there. Eventually we got our bags but the process meant we lost almost four hours of our day and over $30 in additional taxi costs. Finally, as we were leaving the airport, Emirates staff called us to say that they were at baggage claim, though we had already been there to get our bags and seen no sign of them. When we explained that we had already left the airport, they told us to come back, despite the fact that we had already lost all the money on the extra taxis, not to mention our one free day back at home to prepare before going back to work. Terrible customer service from the Emirates staff in Beirut and no offer to reimburse our expenses or compensate for their mismanagement of the situation.
  London to Bangkok via Dubai. Such a terrible service. Not sure if they even know the word customer service. Couldn’t check in online due their website not letting me and one I finally managed to check in at the airport I’m put on Standby. After speaking to several airline team members from Checkin desk all the way through no solution was offered at all. Even worse I was pretty much told tough luck and try once you get there.
  Newark to Athens. The flight left on time but was disorganized trying to get people on board. Took them a long time simply bringing drinks to the passengers. Also, if you sign up for their frequent flyer program, make sure you check that they give you your miles. They said it was my responsibility to make sure they give me my miles. Never had any kind of problems like this with the other airlines I have flown with. Very bad customer service.
  Dubai to Kuwait. I checked in for the 7:40 flight to Dubai, which was showing as on time and was confirmed by the check-in attendant. The minute I pass security, it shows delayed by 4 hours. They display different info on both sides of security. Flight on time on the check-in side so that you don't make a fuss in a public area, delayed on the other more secure area. And obviously, there was no one at the gate to offer any sort of explanation let alone make apologies. As a side affect, I missed my connecting flight in KWT and I had to pay another 100 dollars to re-book.
  Chicago to Dubai. First time flying Emirates business class and was excited to try it but very disappointed after my experience. No greeting by any of the staff even the check in staff. I got the middle seat and felt very claustrophobic. If you are also going as a couple or with a friend, it’s hard to carry a conversation with the person you are flying next to since the divider in between doesn’t even go down completely. On a long plane ride, this is very frustrating that you cannot even carry a proper conversation or see the person next to you. In terms of the service, the stewardess serving me was lazy and made me hand her all the trays and hand myself all the plates rather than setting it down directly on the table. I thought this is very unsafe since some dishes are very hot. She was also too lazy to make the bed for me so I had to do it myself. Not only that but one of the stewardesses left the tray on the seat in front of us which crashing down in front of my boyfriends feet during the middle of the flight. The head flight attendant walking by noticed it and didn’t even apologize and rather asked us abruptly what had happened like it was our fault his staff left the tray there. There are also no slippers or pajamas offered like other flights. The food is also not personalized and not very good. They didn’t even offer us dessert and when we asked for it, they assumed someone had already taken our order and didn’t give us the dessert. Most of all, the airport lounge in Dubai on the way to another city is really outdated, basic and unimpressive. It’s really long and big but composed of the same basic food drinks and no amenities other than a few shower rooms. The spa which was on the map was closed and half the loung was also closed when we were there for no reasons given. All the other major airlines business class I had taken including cathay, Singapore airlines, korean air and Etihad had much better lounges. I especially expected more since Emirates is Dubai’s flagship carrier but it looks like they cut costs severely. Would not take Emirates again although I already bought several more tickets for the rest of the leg of this trip that I cannot cancel. Some positives were chauffeur service, private entrance at gate for customs and security check in the Dubai airport, and the entertainment system on the plane which had a lot of movies. However the WiFi was very slow,  overall very disappointed.
  The  ground staff, flight, in flight entertainment, meal and seat is awesome. Flight Attendants welcomed us and helped to get us to our seats. I was given a noise cancelling headphones and a clean blanket. Food was just amazing. I got some time to have a word with Flight crews and they happily enjoyed to talk with me. The washroom was clean and nicely maintained. 
 I and my husband are 71 years old, flying regularly twice a year for many years and this flight was our worst flying experience ever! This flight was 6 hours long and we purchased the tickets with Emirates based on their advertising and did not mind paying almost double price than all the other companies charge. We wanted on this pretty long flight more comfort, wider seats, more legroom, good food and overall better experience as Emirates advertise. The outbound flight was with Emirates partner company FLy Dubai, Boeing 737Max not Airbus 380 as they advertise. Nothing of the advertisement was true. The airplane had regular narrow seats and little legroom and there was no complimentary drinks and food at all. This is almost criminal! Yes, you could buy drinks and food but why you pay almost double price to fly with this company? Their advertisement is fraudulent. On this journey we also flew from Abu Dhabi to Muscat with Oman Air. The flight was only 60 min. long and complimentary drinks and luncheon was served. Than we flew from Muscat back to Dubai with Swiss Air. On this only 50 min. long flight complimentary water and snack was served. The inbound flight with Emirates was not bad, Airbus 380, little wider seats and little more legroom, complimentary drinks and food. Nothing really great but OK. I complained to Emirates about our outbound flight without any successful result. They wrote me that their partner company should have same standards and that they are looking forward to see me on board again. I felt offended! I would never fly with Emirates again.
 Business class feels like a train, large cabin no individual attention. Twice during the flight 5 cabin crew were sitting in the galley in groups chatting and drinking. Oblivious to the passengers, I have never seen this in all my years of flying. In front of the loos and the bar area. Really poor show. The cabin crew seemed to be more interested in socialising with each other with a few noticeable exceptions, the Filipinos. Meal service efficient as opposed to caring, was told the WiFi wasn’t working but could see passengers using it, think the crew member couldn’t be bothered to help. Positives - excellent limousine pick up, lounges and connections. Entertainment first class. Don’t get complacent or arrogant Emirates as customers aren’t stupid.
  Colombo to London via Dubai. On each of the 4 legs of my journey I would have received better service by Easyjet. At least there the incentive is for the cabin crew to provide drinks and food as they earn income. My last flight from Dubai to London Heathrow, it was 3 hours and 10 minutes before I was offered a drink! The food was lukewarm on both legs, and had to be swapped over. Emirates seems to have cut costs terribly in recent years, it's economy service is miles behind even budget carriers now. It does not deserve its 4 stars, I would not choose to travel with them in the future. Inflight entertainment was good, but the cabin and seat were tired.
  Kuala Lumpur to London via Dubai. Flight entertainment out of this world and the food was amazing. I love the look in the aircraft as well. Cabin service was good but ground service was terrible especially in Gatwick Airport. Staff were unfriendly and not helpful at all. Another thing is that the inconvenient online booking system of Emirates. we are a family of 4, 1 of us must be booked separately because of extra baggage weight which lead to we cannot check in together. Furthermore, we successfully checked in online for the first 3 of us but another family member with the separated booking cannot check in online due to overbooked flight. Therefore, we went to the counter to check in and they gave us 4 new seats, including the other 3 of us who checked in online earlier with already selected seats. Also we got new seats without being informed. Also almost all the seats are taken during 47 hours before departure for our return flights, I wonder why. In overall, I would still recommend flying with Emirates because of the inflight entertainment system, and in flight comfortably not to mention the A380.
  London to Dubai. From 1st March 19, Emirates have decided that when purchasing a business or indeed first class ticket using reward miles, that traveler will be treated very differently to a "paid" ticket holder, in that they will not be provided with chauffeur drive. Quite appalling that Emirates feel the need to save money by penalizing its most loyal customers! To add to the insult, Emirates will not even honor the service on tickets purchased before the rule change.
  We have flown Emirates many times from Washington to Bangkok via Dubai. No problems. Everything very nice. This last flight (February 2019) we left 90 minutes late from Bangkok (technical problems) and missed our connection. We were assured agents would be there to discuss options at Dubai. We were met at the airport and handed (no discussion) a ticket for the next flight (next day 24 hours away) and a hotel voucher. No Emirates agents were at the hotel nor were there any agents at the airport that could answer any question about upgrading or compensation. No one knew anything about anything. Unbelievable. Will never fly Emirates again. There is no customer service for this airline. If you call the 1800 number, they tell you to go online. You go online and it will take a month to hear back. A US carrier could not stay in business with this kind of policy. If you were flying to the Euro zone there are policies for compensating people. Nothing if you fly from the US even on business class. If you are concerned about potential problems with this airline do realize you will never find an agent to help you with a problem.
  My wife was travelling from Birmingham to Delhi return via Dubai. While she was on her way back to the UK she experienced the worst service from Dubai airport ground staff. My wife was carrying our daughter (1 year) on her lap and strolling a cabin back with one hand, a backpack on her back and holding a personal bag in her second hand. She was coming from India and it was late night flight from India. She saw a cart at the airport with 2-3 ground staff members sitting in it. She asked them to help her but they said no. How could you do that to a mother of a toddler? The 2nd incident happened to me when I was flying along-with my wife and daughter. The flight was late so they ended up rushing all the passengers to the plane in no time. Then to my surprise although I was standing and carrying my daughter on the lap; the plane started taxiing. Are you serious, what about the safety norms?  I feel most of the times we passengers end up flying with a particular group of airlines because they are members of a club. So we think we earn miles but at what cost. I think it is trap and don’t fly with those airlines that don’t treat you well. End of the day you are paying them, it is not free.
  Dubai to London. After being a loyal Emirates customer for over a decade, its very concerning to see the airline taking steps which are substandard to the expectations of its customers. The concerns are longline of areas from the cabin crew to the food and overall standards. The cabin crew were extremely attentive and customer orientated to the needs of the passengers rather now it seems a case of a attention deficit order in play. The food that is now served was on this particular case of poor quality and not foregoing that the option was let just say not an option (chicken only or nothing). The sweet dish again, was disappointing and finally the clotted cream, resembled more to a true likeness of garlic sauce in a small tub than what was previous served. These little cutbacks and poor service is going to have a massive impact in the way customers feel towards Emirates.
  Riyadh to Newcastle via Dubai. Generally good service, until lunch. Was served an Economy meal on a Business Class plate. I could check the Economy menu, so I knew what it was, and it was pretty inedible. Staff on board were initially adamant that I was having a Business Class meal, but later relented. Emirates seemed unwilling to acknowledge the issue, offered me 10000 points (hardly worth it) and noted it was possible to 'source a meal from a different section of the aircraft', without an apology for the mistake. So watch out - Emirates seem to think this practice is acceptable.
 Dubai to Düsseldorf. Again a great flight with Emirates. We had a great experience on that flight. The service was great, after departure we got snacks and drinks. During the flight we received multiple snacks. The lunch however was dissapointing. The leg room is outstanding. The wifi on board also worked fine.
  London to Dubai. After my daughter and I being upgraded to business as a surprise we entered the cabin very excited. The staff were amazing, my husband and I had been allocated seats apart and although not a major problem for us our stewardess went out of her way to re-seat us once everyone had boarded. Food was superb as was choice of drinks. The seats are individual pods and mattresses offered out as a night flight. We were too excited to sleep but the staff were so friendly and we enjoyed spending time in the bar area and talking to the crew. Obviously travelling business class is going to be an amazing experience but the staff just made it complete. I would just like to say I took the same route in December and was perfectly happy with the whole flight. Leg room good as was food and although the drinks trolley runs are no longer very regular the staff are more than happy to get you something if you ask. Well done Emirates we will definitely be using you again.
  I was advised by one of the agents that you can refund a flight booked on FLEX rate but when we tried to request for it they refuse and citing that I shouldn't believe everything the agents say and since I was the one who made the booking it was my fault. Instead they want us to reschedule it and spend $600+ for the fee. I feel there is miscalculations on both sides but they should have been considerate. The worst is when you call their customer support hotline, initially my call was routed to India, when I did follow up on the next day Dubai based support is refusing to take ownership of the case and they blame their counterparts in India. As a Skyward member I will no longer flying with this airline. 
 We had an exceptional flight with Emirates from Düsseldorf to Dubai. The service on board was on point, the staff were friendly and helpful. The A380 was modern and it offered a lot of legroom. The inflight entertainment was amazing and offered a lot of new movies. Only the wifi on board was a negative on this flight.
  Sydney to Kathmandu via Dubai. Never fly in their partnership flights We love Emirates. We fly with them even if it is few hundred dollars expensive or a couple of hours longer journey. Appreciate lovely crews, wifi, comfortable seats and food. However, I found that their connection and transit service is worst (cannot compare with any other airport standard) at Dubai and they don’t respect passengers flying with them in partnership arrangements.  Emirates took off 25 min late from SYD. It took additional 20 min to reach to gate at Dubai. Almost 45 min late. Hardly 1 Hr and a bit left for my next flight to KTM. As there was no one waiting at the plane gate, I rushed to Emirates connection centre at Dubai. The response I got there was very upsetting. They were not helping me because my other flight was with flyDubai (which I did not notice earlier as I booked this thru Emirates). Gate number of my flight was not displayed in the Boards. No one helped me, they asked me to wait the gate number to be displayed, which never did. I missed the flight, because the Emirates was late and their information system was not good. They did not bother to help us because we were only 3 passengers in this connection. The following flyDubai flight to KTM was over-booked, so we had to wait next Oman Air flight via Mascot. I reached KTM approx. 18 hrs late to find another surprise. My little suitcase was broken. I made a complain at Sydney and claimed for missing goods. Emirates responded to me in 7 days as - “it is the airline industry policy and agreement between airlines. Oman Air has a direct responsibility to resolve your claim.. suggest that you contact Oman Air.” I was expecting something better than this from Emirates Airlines. My advice, never fly in their partnership flights, avoid Dubai airport connection if possible.
  Bangkok to Johannesburg via Dubai. Flight departed on time. Service only started 1 hour 30 minutes after take off. Crew not friendly during boarding but they were friendly once service started. As usual Emirates inflight entertainment excellent with latest movies available. I have been travelling for many years and don't expect much from airline food, it is usually average, but the food offered on this flight gets a 10/10. Absolutely fabulous from starter to dessert. Overall a very good flight. Crew under a lot of pressure from some demanding passengers but were very pleasant and professional.
  Washington to Jeddah via Dubai. I am a fan of Emirates and have flown quite a lot of miles on it. I  feel like Emirate's quality of service is declining very fast. From check in at the airport in DC (IAD) the staff were rude, insisted that our luggage be exactly 20lbs (where is the limit is 23lb/bag). The staff in Kabul insisted that I could not take a carry on with me because it was a kilo over the limit whereas I saw others carrying much larger bags than my little carry on bag. They then checked my bag to Dubai (instead of Geneva) and I had to leave the airport, go through the immigration, collect my bag, take another shuttle and come back to the terminal. What a nightmare. Trying to avoid this airline at all costs now.
  Manila to Cape Town via Dubai. Emirates has been incredibly disappointing on so many fronts. The Special meal I ordered didn't show up. As opposed to being super apologetic the airline crew was just rather indifferent. Also the regular meals provided in business class were terrible. Business class felt like economy class service. Staff came out when there was meal service and otherwise just huddled in the cabin and chatted outside of that. Really got the distinct impression that I was bothering them every time I had to go to the cabin to get water. They used to be better. Not sure what happened to this airline. Airport Transfer:  security check points to transfer from one gate to another along with an arduous bus ride. Amenities: Nice Kit but no slippers in the plane. Seats: This was the worst part. The seats are not truly flat bed and just not comfy. It really felt like I was in a 1 star airline.  No free Internet in business class and after paying $15 I got very bad quality internet. No power in the seat. While there was a socket, it was not working.The lounge at Dubai airport is really good
  Budapest to Dubai. A regular traveler to Emirates, I was very disappointed, once again, by this company's sharply lower performance.  The welcome on the plane is expeditious, the smiles rare. We had two hostesses, one obviously beginner, shy to the point of not being able to look in the eyes while talking to us, and faster than lightning: the tablecloths are literally thrown on the shelves, the drinks served without presentation, she ran most of the time like most hostesses. The dishes had little flavor. Only positive points: the quality of the wines, including Champagne and the plate of cheese. The device "wifi" control of audiovisual instruments did not work, despite the repair efforts of a hostess much more experienced, pleasant and smiling, that we saw that during the claim. The limousine service promised in the price of the ticket is non-existent in Phuket, for reasons never explained, and the car provided to Dubai was the worst, dented on its flank must, while we have well reminded the hostess of the counter. we were theoretically entitled to two cars, having two separate tickets. It will be I hope our last experience with Emirates, happily competing on the same lines.  FR:  Voyageur habitué de la compagnie EMIRATES, j’ai été très déçu, une fois de plus, par les prestations en nette baisse, de cette compagnie. Dès l’embarquement – assuré à Phuket par des employés de la THAI AIRWAYS – on est traité comme des animaux, pas de sourire en vue. L’accueil dans l’avion est expéditif, les sourires rares. Nous avons eu deux hôtesses, l’une visiblement débutante, timide au point de ne pouvoir nous regarder dans les yeux en nous parlant, et plus rapide que l’éclair : les nappes sont littéralement jetées sur les tablettes, les boissons servies sans présentation, elle courait la plupart du temps comme la plupart des hôtesses. Les mets n’avaient que peu de saveur. Seuls points positifs : la qualité des vins, Champagne compris et l’assiette de fromage. Le dispositif «  wifi » de commande des instruments audiovisuels ne fonctionnait pas, malgré les efforts de réparation d’un hôtesse nettement plus expérimentée, agréable et souriante, que l’on a vu que lors de la réclamation. Le service de limousine promis dans le prix du billet est inexistant à Phuket, pour des raisons jamais expliquée, et la voiture fournie à Dubaï était la pire, cabossée sur son flanc doit, alors que nous avons bien rappelé à l’hôtesse du comptoir d’accueil que nous avions théoriquement droit à deux voitures, ayant deux billets séparés. Ce sera j’espère notre dernière expérience avec EMIRATES, heureusement concurrencée sur les mêmes lignes.
  I booked return flight from Karachi to Istanbul by Emirates. My flights were operated by Emirates but on my return at Dubai I was informed my flight is changed and I have given another flight operated by flydubai after 4 hours (my Emirates connection was after 1 hour 15 mins). I tried to contact their customer service staff but no one was answering why I am getting flydubai when I paid for Emirates?. In flydubai I had worst experience of my life. They were treating me like I got this flight in free. I contacted Emirates customer service after reaching my destination but again as expected they were not accepting anything. Even my miles were deducted because I travelled on flydubai. Worst experience and nightmare. I even checked in for my Emirates flights and got boarding passes at Istanbul Airport but they were not listening at all.
  This was the worse airline experience I’ve had. London to Dammam via Dubai, I had to stop over in Dubai for a couple of days for a family matter (I’m a GCC citizen so I don’t need a visa to Dubai). On the Emirates disk in LHR, I requested to have my luggage checked into DXB but I was told that I can’t do this because my ticket doesn’t allow a stop over unless I pay an upgrade of 2000 US Dollars or I can request my luggage once I arrived to DXB and I will be able to take them so this is what I did. When I arrived to DXB, I requested my luggage to be off the airplane and was told to wait for 2 hours to be able to collect my luggage. But when I came back to them after 2 hours they told me that the luggage are taken out of the aircraft but I can not take them unless I pay the 2000 Dollars, I tried to explain to them that I had to end my trip in Dubai and I need my stuff and my medicines from the bags but they refused.  I left the luggage with them . When I returned back home (DMM) I claimed my luggage and had them delivered after 2 days to DMM. Decided not to use Emirates again. 
  Zurich to Hong Kong via Dubai. Won’t fly with it again! I called the office to upgrade my connecting flight to business class, and left the other one economy. After it was done, I did my check-in online and found that the seats that I have chosen for the economy one has been changed. What I chose before was in row 57 and I will be sitting with my husband (we bought our tickets together). So I called back to the office and asked what happened and he admitted that they made a mistake but unfortunately it cannot be changed. So he changed our seats at the very back row which is 87. I asked him to change me back to the seats that I have chosen before but he asked me to ask for help in the airport. But then when I arrived the check-in counter in the airport, the staff refused to help me and asked me to ask the staff at the boarding counter. But when I arrived the boarding counter, no one was willing to help me. I am very disappointed. Won’t travel with this airline again!
  London to Adelaide via Dubai. First and last time I'll use this airline. Flight was cancelled and then further delayed, resulting in losing 2 days of our holiday to Australia. Communication between Emirates staff in terms of emergency stop over hotels in Dubai was non existent. Chaos at Dubai airport at 5am where staff had no idea the entire aircraft were from a cancelled flight and needing hotels. Inflight service was so poor. Rude and disinterested cabin crew who didn't offer anything to drink or eat until 3 hours into a 6 hour night flight. I had to ask for a glass of water after 2.5 hours. No drinks offered with the meal and a bar service following an hour afterwards, by which time it's approx 4am. Very disappointed.
  Hyderabad to Munich via Dubai. I had a very pleasant experience via Emirates on my flight from HYD to DXB. An employee at Hyderabad airport who was very kind, calm and composed even during peak hour of boarding for an over booked flight. The inflight experience was really amazing. I would definitely fly with Emirates again.

  Kathmandu to Dallas via Dubai. Spent 2 days transit in Dubai and have to pay twice for little overweight baggage costing more than $500. Total ripoff. They charged me for overweight in Kathmandu and was told by their representatives that I should show the receipt when i do check in in Dubai after my short stay, and I do not have to pay again in Dubai as its been already charged at the beginning. But no, they charged me additional cost in Dubai and was not helpful at all. No class from so called big airlines.
  Vienna to Cape Town via Dubai. This review is about my outbound flight to Cape Town (December 19th 2018). My children and I were denied boarding our flight to South Africa due to not having their birth certificates upon check-in, even though the South African government updated the policy December 1st 2018 (which no longer requires this document as mandatory). Not only did Emirate not indicate at any time during the booking process about this law they refused to reason when I showed them South African's government recent update. Due to the busy Christmas season, we were unable to fly to South African until 3 days later, missed the cruise we were to join and had to embark the ship in Namibia 6 days after the original travel date. We were meant to meet my husband on board the ship and missed out on Christmas because of this mistake. The kids were devastated. We were over EUR€4,500 out of pocket since I had to book hotels, new flights and transfers, all because they hadn't updated their policies. Their customer service department is a joke as the only way I could submit a complaint was through their website online form. Their response (claiming zero responsibility and therefore denying me any compensation) was from a "no-reply" email address. Even after I spoke with a customer service rep over the phone I was instructed to submit a new complaint since I couldn't follow up to their response email. I submitted a new complaint, correcting their false claims (that I didn't have a travel letter from my husband, which I did have) and I haven't heard back. My husband and I have been working in the travel & hospitality industry for 25+ years and I am extremely knowledgable in luxury customer service; this is what I do for a living. This by far is the worst I have ever experienced. I will never fly Emirates again. Oh and 4/5 checked in luggage was left behind on our return flight. We received them 2 days later.
  Perth to Newcastle via Dubai. I booked a return flight from Perth to Uk, due to unforeseen circumstances, I had to miss my first flight. However, later when I finally arrived to UK then I realised they had already cancelled my return flight. Leaving me having to buy my tickets again. I rang Emirates and they said that’s how the airline policy works and nothing they can do about it. And suggest I rebook soon if I want the same flight back. Or contact my flight agency to see what they can do.
  Dubai to Lisbon. It was great. The ICE entertainment system was great and also the cabin crew. I made a photo with the pilot. I want to fly Emirates again. I hope you choose Emirates.
  Dubai to London Heathrow. We were coming back from Dhaka via Dubai EK003 20th Feb 2019. My 3 year old son felt sick and been vomiting several times. My wife and I were standing front of the aircraft to get some air, one of the flight attendants Maria came forward to ask if we need anything, She bought cleaning tissues and bag to hold for my son. She check up on us half an hour later. Another attendant lady offered 3 seats back of the aircraft as its spacious and the toilet was nearby. The FA check back on us again and she wanted to call doctor as my son was not responding and was sluggish. She took the name of the anti vomit medicine we gave him. Later she arrange to call Doctor on board. Fortunately found this GP from England and he checked my son and assured that he will be fine. On his advice we sat and let him sleep. We would like to give big thank you to the flight attendant for her genuine concern, care and great service. Even though on our flight service London to Dubai and Dhaka was poor, I would like to say this individual did amazing job. Thanks to the Doctor too.
 London Heathrow to Dubai. Was very excited to be flying Emirates business class after a wonderful set of flights to Australia last year. However the service has gone downhill and fast. Firstly the chauffeur pick up was terrible - a surly and moody driver who arrived late wasn’t a great start. The lounge at T3 heathrow was fine but then we arrived to find a plane which whilst cannot be that old given its an A380, was seemingly falling apart. People’s seats didn’t work properly, my TV was broken, and the bar area looked terrible. The cabin crew seemed like they’d just been assembled at the last moment - the service levels were atrocious and disinterested. The food, particularly the child options, were like warm and very average. All in a real dissapointment from my once favourite airline.
 Dubai to Bahrain. So we all know that economy gets you from A to B, safely and we are not expecting much especially with a short hop like this, only a one hour flight. Paid for a extra room seat at Door 3, 24 D being an aisle on the B777. Flight was very full with many children and to their credit two of the crew were very engaging with them and their parents. What I do not get is why Emirates insist on placing ten across high density on all their B777 aircraft - an industry norm these days but it begs belief. As the crew went up and down the aisle I was knocked into over 12 times in less than an hour and I am 78 Kg, some at least had the courtesy to apologize, most did not bother. I get its cattle class but I for one would never set foot on these aircraft in this high density. I find EK crew to be stoic, tired looking, the crew member at my door crew seat looked as if he dying for his bed, head in his hands, yawned non stop and a lot of the crew looked plain disinterested. This is obviously down to crew planning being over stretched. Overall ok, flight deck did a great job with announcements and the flight itself and landing was excellent - true skill. Would not fly long haul based on this, you see a totally different service and staff attitude between J and Y class. Engaged to must I do the basics.
  I travelled from Manchester to Faisalabad vi. Dubai, and from Manchester to Dubai the service was good. But from Dubai to Faisalabad, Emirates use the service provided by Flydubai, whose service is of a very poor quality. When providing a 'meal' it was just a small snack and when I asked about a hot drink such as a cup of tea, I was told to pay 20 dirhams (roughly £4.21 each), and soft drinks were roughly 5 dirhams (£1.05). I had 3 family members travelling with me (including my elderly parents), we paid over £2000 for tickets alone, and on top of that we were asked for outrageous prices for a service which should be covered by the ticket prices anyway. I contacted Emirates to complain and the email I received in reply was written in a way as though I were at fault, stating things such as "this is the service we will contnue to provide" and that I should contact my agent as they should have told me about these extra charges. However, on their booking it says 'meal provided' on both Emirates service and flydubai's service which would suggest that a reasonable meal is given, when in fact it was simply a small snack. A few days later a friend of mine returned from Faisalabad and Emirates were using the same service and the flight was delayed causing the airline to provide a hotel room. The shocking thing was he was told he would have to share a hotel room with complete strangers. No company has a right to do this as it is an invasion of privacy and is extremely invasive. It is clear that Emirates no longer have the same standard of service and I would not use this service again myself, nor recommend it to anyone else in the future.
  Munich to Auckland via Dubai. Plane and seating is comfortable. Service could really be improved. Other than a drink with the meal there were no further offers for cups of tea or even water for the rest of the flight. Meal service including clearing trays took extremely long, so not being able to get up to use the toilet for 2 hours isn't great. Staff in general do not seem to be interested. Is this just in economy? In comparison, flew long haul with Singapore Airlines, also economy, last year. Quite a difference. Flight Crew seem genuinely interested, very friendly and frequently came through to offer drinks throughout the flight. It doesn't take much to get excellent marks for cabin staff service.
  Dubai to Cairo. Cabin crew members were unprofessional most of them had a poker face with a fake smile while we are entering the aircraft,  like they are not really happy serving in economy. One gave me such a bad feeling with her attitude she hit my shoulder asking me to get my seat straight so the guy behind me can have his meal.
  Bali to Dubai. First time BC with Emirates, not too impressed. ICE system had to be reset twice,taking over 20 minutes, not good. Secondly one member of staff could not get the TV screen out of the middle partition, we were in seat 8J and K bulkhead seats. After the reboot the remotes would not work, either of them so just gave up and watched a movie. Service started very quickly, well if you wait until they go to the rear of BC and then the front, doing us in the middle last, is this the norm? Service was rushed, offered one drink before dinner then service slapdash. They just seemed to want service done and dusted then that was it, go to sleep. Male member in the galley after dinner couldn't have made anymore noise if he had a hammer smashing plates. If this is Business Class then you can keep it. Staff not interested and I thought, very abrupt for a so called top airline. lights out and back to Glasgow were great, shame we didn't have the same crew on the Bali to Dubai flight .
  Dubai to London. I have been flying Emirates for 34 years since they started. Recently did a return trip to London for 3 days in business. They sent an S class Mercedes to pick me at home in Dubai, I hung out in the C terminal lounge where I smoked a cigar, both flights there and back in A380s and on the Gatwick return it was 2 months old and very pleasant. Crew were attentive, friendly, food and drinks excellent, ICE was outstanding. In fact along with another S class Mercedes in London this is the only way to fly to London. I consistently rank them as one of the world's best airlines.
  Dubai to Kuwait in economy class. At the check-in counter, we asked the lady if she could put a priority bag on our luggage which she did. However, when I reached Kuwait, my luggage came much later than it should have. I did not expect Emirates airlines to have such a bad service
  Male to Colombo. The customer service for such a high profile airline is beyond unacceptable. The cabin crew are not friendly. and treated us with no respect which i have never experienced in any other airline. I expected great service in the business class. I have recently flown qatar airways business class and the service was so amazing, Emirates was such a disappointment.
  Dubai to Delhi . The journey started from our hotel to the airport. Emirates provides complimentary chauffeur drive in Dubai. The chauffeur service, priority check-in and the lounge were exceptional. The ground service helped us navigate our way in the airport. Boarding was smooth, the plane was old however, with clean interiors. The inflight service was not up to the mark. The crew wasn't courteous and did not meet the expectations of business class. The big let down was that the crew did not offer or serve any desserts and even refused to provide a second round of drinks.
  Hyderabad to Seattle via Dubai. Even though I had booked the ticket for my spouse and 11 month old kid with bassinet, Emirates did not honor the ticket and rejected my spouse request for providing the bassinet and forced her to sit with my son on her lap. She could neither eat properly the whole journey nor was she able to take rest even for a bit, on top of that the rudeness of staff worsened her experience of the trip. She never want to fly Emirates again.
 Munich to Riyadh via Dubai. Both aircraft were in excellent condition, both from a maintenance and cleanliness point of view. The crew is friendly and offers a punctual and reliable service. The seats are exceptionally comfortable and guarantee very high privacy: there is plenty of space for the legs and for hand luggage and the division between the seats allows extra comfort. The Wi-Fi is free for every Skywards member. Since the registration to the program is also free, the service is very good. It is not the fastest one, but definitely with the best value for money. There is plenty of choice regarding entertainment. The ground service is exceptional: I forgot one bag on the plane and during the layover between the other connection the staff was able to retrieve my baggage and bring it to the lounge in time for the next flight. Best service ever!

  Amsterdam to Cape Town via Dubai. As a very frequent emirates passenger in the past, we have nor used the economy Emirates product for over 4 years. Check in was laborious as a they were checking everyone’s visas which is understandable. Boarding was good. No issues both in AMS or DXB. Onboard service is now a huge let down. On both sectors after take off it took 2 hours before the food service was started. And at no point was a bar service offered. Not just alcohol beverages but water or soft drinks. The food was below average and it was only after the food was eaten the bar service came out. I can on Y assume that Emirates is trying to cut back and save money. But what they don’t realise is the majority of there traffic is in Economy and if you keep cutting the service then people will stop booking. Especially when the completion like Qatar or Etihad offer better service on the same routes. We will not be booking with Emirates economy in the near future as it is not a pleasurable experience anymore. Also I felt the ICE was of a reduced choice as compared to a few years ago. Sorry Emirates but you are living on previous accolades.
  Madrid to Sydney via Dubai. This is a review that is a follow up on my outbound. The reviews are almost identical. Great hard product but the soft product on Emirates is just simply lacking and its down to the crews who are at best very lackadaisical. You have a few who are superb but on the whole it reflects a training problem. Much noise and chat going on which is very annoying during the night routes. One thing I have never seen and clearly much revelry goes on in the Emirates dorms. One female FA groped the boob of another in a playful manner. Now for red hot blooded males this may be fine but sorry this is a major flag carrier. Whilst on the Emirates gripe. The IFE is fine but to be honest was struggling too find some films that really appealed. Emirates caters for a huge language base. Final gripe. The seat quality certainly in economy is dire. The cushioning is hard or maybe has been so well used that it is worn. Come on Emirates. A one time leader has slipped into the pack with a terrible soft product.
  Sydney to Madrid via Dubai. Being a Qantas FF I occasionally travel on Emirates but with a Qantas code on it. Now same aircraft (A380) but the whole experience is totally different. Have been on Emirates a few times a year mostly when routing to a Europe port other than London. Sydney being the Qantas home base is these days very efficient to get through. Self check in (even though i can use the First counter) and through security and to the Qantas lounge in probably 15 minutes. The Emirates version is very different and rightly so as it is not home base. The economy line up was massive. Fortunately could use the premium line and was through swiftly. Time for Emirates to start using self check in. Used the superb Qantas First Lounge and then moved over to the Emirates lounge which was a very pleasant place. From there the whole experience was pretty dismal. Had a whole row to myself in the main cabin which was great. Same sights and sounds as for the Qantas A380 but its the customer service that lets Emirates down. They just simply have recruited too many young kids who just dont have the professionalism or charm of the slightly older crews on Qantas main line. Its really a training problem. Having crew that speak 30 languages on board is fine but does not help if their manner is to put it mildly rather brusque. Charm school is sorely missing. Mid flight snacks are poor to non existent. Food is a little underwhelming. Delayed start from Sydney due to bad weather and a tight connection meant a run through Dubai T3 to get to the Madrid flight. Same plane, different crew but same lack of charm and professionalism. And Emirates...one other thing. Please do not have your crews take away blankets, act as general cleaners and so on around 30 minutes before landing. It jut is not a great look. Overall the airline needs to employ proper training methods or better still get some older crew who can teach the young ones how to. The fact is that Emirates gets away with sloppy standards since they have a great network, hard product in the A380, great airport in Dubai. For me it is the easiest way to get to Madrid from Sydney so have to get used to a substandard level of service which many people have commented on. I would recommend Emirates only as it has the route network and schedules. Bit short on other alternatives at that price point.
  Brussels to Dubai. The worst customer service I have experienced. After booking a round trip flight, I had to change the time of the outbound flight for latter on, the same day, due to work commitments. Their customer services explained to me that I will only need to book a one way flight from Europe to Dubai as my return flight, which was already booked, will remain valid. However, one day before the date of my return flight back to Europe, I found out that my ticket had been cancelled due to “no show”, despite being told previously that I will be able to use my return flight. In addition to that, the complaint has been handled extremely poorly, with a complete lack of consideration, by Emirates customer services who repeatedly refused to transfer me to a manager for an official complaint. 
  I have been flying Emirates since 2008 and the quality of service has gone done tremendously. My trip from Kuwait to Houston via Dubai is a long flight. I asked for help due to my seat being broken and no help. The staff on this flight were very rude. Usually if a passenger is standing in the back area and looking at the flight attendant, they will ask may I help you, not this crew. The conversation continued until they were finished were their conversation. It was like that I was bothering them or something.  I sent email to custom services and it was like it was my fault.
 Nairobi to Houston via Dubai. I flew economy for the first time in a while after previously flying business and was so disappointed with the level of customer service. I felt almost inferior. I guess you get what you pay for. From lack of healthy snacks between meals, to not being able to get a bottle of water (because they are for service - even though I ended up drinking the same amount of water every time I got up to look for some). I was so disappointed and am currently dreading my return trip. I might change airlines after this. I would hope that how I get treated in business should translate across the board.
  Bangkok to Manchester via Dubai. In last years Emirates was my favorite carrier. But now I think their customer service quality has fallen down from top to bottom. Today I finished my trip and all 4 flights I noticed same problems: bad customer service in economy class. Flight attendants not present during almost whole flight. 6-8 hours flight only 2 times passengers got something to drink. Yesterday BKK-DXB onboard very rude flight staff. DXB-MAN attendants were lazy and not very nice. Talking a lot, flirting with themselves and definitely not interested about passengers. Complimentary limited WiFi never connecting. Food is poor, portions are small and tasteless. Return flight to my city someone took from carousel my backpack. Guy from Emirates airport staff whom I asked about help called that passenger who swapped backpacks. Then he told me to wait for that passenger, he will come soon and we can swap the backpacks again. He left me with not my backpack at public area and told me: keep eye on this. I lost two hours waiting and finally airport security guys came to me and asked many questions about what I am doing here. I told them what happened. They did not believe me and checked everything around me with detector and told me this situation is definitely against airport safety rules. Big shame for Emirates. I will not use anymore Emirates because at the moment customer service is unacceptable.
 
 Brisbane to Dubai. We were checked in by Liam at the Emirates counter at Brisbane Airport on 13 January 2019 Emirates flight EK 435 to Dubai. He was welcoming, polite and highly efficient in checking and completing the check-in process. I have two passports and he quickly checked and advised how they should be used to meet re-entry visa requirements. Well done to a professional with superior customer care skills.
  New York to Karachi via Dubai. I was really disappointed, traveling with 2 kids, cabin crew was very rude was not offered drinks on an instance, every time meal was short no food for baby. Had to face a passenger who was super annoyed by kids and air hostess was favoring him, he ruined my 12 hrs flight in addition to stress caused by children alone. Apart from that my luggage got delayed and finally when it was delivered precious items were missing on making complain no or bother to reply back and take in consideration.
  While the flight experience was amazing, the airport staff at the check in counter of Emirates around counter 412/413, was very rude. I was waiting in line where there was no one standing in front of me, and she was sitting there at her counter not serving anyone at that moment, I walked up to her as the counter was empty, she rolled her eyes and said “excuse me, I’m not working, my counter is closed.” Although clearly, there was no sign indicating that her counter was close, she told me to use some other counter then turned away and continue to chat with her colleague in their own language (I think sounded like Russian). She was clearly being rude by rolling her eyes, I don’t think there was any good reasons for a staff to be rude, or getting annoyed when there were absolutely no other customers to serve and they were clearly not busy.
  Cairo to Sydney via Dubai. Emirates dumped us with my children in the gate hall for 9 hours due to issues with plane and after 5 hours of conversations with their staff they started serving water and cheese sandwiches. On my next flight they have re-selected the seating where I cannot set beside my 8 years son for a 14 hours flight - after a long discussion they offered me a seat with my son in the front and my wife with my other son but in the back. I paid above the market price ticket to select the seats for my family where we can all sit together in this 14 hours trip. I issued a complaint and they said sorry that’s really bad.
  Bangkok to Sydney. Booked and paid for full fare business class seat on EK418. Checked in on line and printed a boarding pass. On arrival at Bangkok airport was told that they were overbooked and I would be downgraded to economy. After some time was offered a return business class ticket, Sydney to Bangkok return to be used by October 2019. Not happy but accepted the deal as I needed to be in Sydney. Now, at the end of January I called to redeem my voucher for a flight on August 19th, returning to Sydney 15th. As Emirates have changed their schedule they now refuse to honour the voucher. They have available seats on Qantas code share from Sydney but flatly refuse to accept their own voucher. Emirates did infer that they may be able to offer a Jetstar code share out of Melbourne. This is completely unacceptable. I note that Emirates are cutting back flights to Australia. Perhaps the magic of the Emirates reputation is starting to fade, with this type of attitude it is likely to fade further.
  Auckland to Denpasar. Would not recommend. Requested vegan or vegetarian food (twice) and received meat. Seated next to man who was provided with lots of alcohol, made passes at me then fell asleep on me and the staff would not move my seat despite many seats being free. Eventually spoke to another passenger and reseated myself.
  New York JFK to Milan. Well, I do not use to review my flights (I'm a frequent flyer with more than 30 trips per year) but during this flight I cannot hide my disappoint. The lounge, on board service, comfort, food are perfect but before departure I was one of the first to took my seat and I went into the toilet and there was a terrible smell inside, so this means they didn't clean the toilet after the previous flight. I cannot accept this on Emirates, especially on Business Class where the ticket costs at least three times more than the coach.
 Very disappointing flight with Emirates. Started at the airport with unfriendly Check In staff. We travelled as a couple and had together 85 kg luggage. 5kg overloaded. 80kg were permitted. With no discussion, I had to remove stuff to my hand luggage. Up in the air when it was the dessert service, I was full so I asked for just some cheese and fruit. The FA said no, you can only can choose one! Cheese or fruits! Are you kidding me? This is the first time that this has happened to me. I've been a frequent business and first class traveller for almost 20 years and have had mostly the opposite experience. In business class even when you are still hungry, you can have more food/desserts whenever you want. After that I went to the Sky bar (which is a nice feature of EK A380) and saw many fruits and more snacks. Very illogical. The FA who denied me my fruit, I saw her mostly in back galley, eating and chit chatting. It's the first time I have travelled with Emirates and maybe the last time.
  Cape Town to Bangkok via Dubai. Value for money, managed to get a good fare for this return ticket. I usually pay extra for an aisle seat , when I selected the seats for this flight I was not charged . My only complaint is the Asian Veg meal I usually order , it is always chickpeas and rice and fruit as a dessert ( from South Africa) whereas the special meal from Dubai and other destinations is always different and a proper dessert is available. Flights on time, crew pleasant except for a surly , unfriendly almost rude crew member from Dubai to Bangkok. It was obvious she does not like her job otherwise not a bad flight.
  Dubai to Toronto. As a regular Emirates flyer I was very disappointed with my experience. When I was checking my baggage at the Emirates counter in Dubai airport the emirates representative told me that the baggage would be sent directly to Ottawa and that I would not have to pick up my baggage in Toronto. When I reached Ottawa my baggage never arrived and I was told by Westjet Airlines that I was supposed to pick up the baggage at Toronto airport.  Now my bags are somewhere in Toronto all because I was told that I did not need to pick up my luggage by one of Emirates agents. 
  Manchester to Delhi via Dubai. Absolutely rubbish flight, we booked Emirates not flyDubai. Dubai to Delhi they put us in flyDubai aircraft where you have to pay for your food drinks and even tea or water.I have travelled in so many different airlines and never happened like this, food was rubbish too from Manchester to Delhi. On the way back due to their own fault the flight was delay for 1.5 hour and I missed connection flight in Dubai due to airlines fault and next flight they gave me was after 12 hours. Any flight gets late for 4 hours they give you compensation for being delayed - Emirates do not give any compensation At all. So be aware of it before you book your flight. I will not recommend or will travel in this flight ever again.
  Cape Town to London via Dubai. Budget long haul airline. Starving hungry on a 9.5 hour flight. No movie snacks served. Nothing except a standard lunch after take off and then a disgusting vegetable baked good just before landing. 7 hours daytime flying with no food. What a joke. On the next leg from Dubai dinner was a turkey ham roll and that was it for 7 hours until an inedible breakfast was offered. Cheese and cracker with breakfast? Demonstrative of the lack of care and attention by emirates. Dirty planes. Smelly toilets.  I will never fly Emirates again. How reviewers are consistently rating Emirates above BA is beyond me and as we know BA is hardly a high benchmark. A massive TV screen and a large selection of films does not make up for a budget service. The cabin crew now start cleaning the plane before it lands, collecting blankets, etc. When the cabin crew start taking on the cleaners role you know things have gone bad. 
  Dubai to St.Petersburg. I'm flying a lot, but it the first time when my luggage was lost on direct flight (no connection). All are winter clothes including 3 kids's were at this bag (You always expect your luggage to be delivered on direct flight) and they couldn't deliver it already in 3 days. When I try to check the status at emirates.com/bags - the case was closed, live chat didn't work and phone-line was constantly busy, only Facebook was working. Looks even worse service than with low-cost airlines. Ground service 1-star and the Emirates in general is overpriced.
  Due to my business trip I had to travel from Copenhagen Kastrup airport to Dubai and then back to Warsaw to catch my next flight from there. So first part of trip was operated by A380. During Online process I realized there is no more windows seats available. During checkin on the airport I've asked to window seat and I got this seat in emergency row. Also my baggage has been sent without extra costs (I had extra 6kg). At the terminal I've paid to lounge contracted with Emirates airline but it wasn't worth this price (250 DKK, around 33EUR). Boarding at the gate was late around 30 minutes but during this process there was good order, people was queued in the groups. Service on board was good but nothing special comparing to other airlines, meal choice was poor (only dishes with rice). Very good and very stable entertainment system with big selection of movies and games. Also GSM and WIFI network available onboard (I didn't use them at all due to nice passengers travelling next to me, we talked all the time). I land around midnight so traffic wasn't big and all security and luggage pickup in Dubai takes not much (around 1 hour). My flight back to Warsaw was 2 two days later at 8:05. I tried to check-in to choose my seat but it wasn't possible. During my way to the airport I've got an SMS with info I had been seated in the middle. So I went to the airport around 3:30AM and very quickly drop my luggage and pass all security to avoid waiting. It wasn't possible to change my seat, however they seat me in emergency row again. Unfortunately I had been charged for an extra 6 kilos in luggage. Security control was terrible long, they try to find something in my bag but they didn't tell me what they are looking for. I was more clever than on my previous flight and I've put all my cables in checked luggage before to avoid cables confiscated like on my previous flight. I don't understand why ethernet cable is dangerous at Dubai airport but it's ok on all other airports around the world. Inside the airport I found hundreds of people seating and lying on the floor and making passing very difficult in some areas. Whole airport was looking like dormitory for the homeless. Wifi I found overloaded, there was many disconnections during my use. During boarding there was a big mess, airport staff didn't queue people in groups before they start, boarding started 15 minutes after scheduled time. Flight was operated by Boeing 777 and I found seats are more tight than in A380. This travel was terribly uncomfortable. Also I found all meals are with potatoes on this flight (again no choice) and service good but average. All cabin staff on both flights tried to be nice. I arrive very tired. In Warsaw Emirates was 15 minutes late and they passed my luggage to next operator without any problems.
  Taipei to Amsterdam via Dubai. My flights were problem free. Having checked in my baggage at Taoyuan airport I was relieved to see it re-appear at Schiphol! I found the seats in economy very comfortable, enjoyed the in-flight entertainment and the meals were delicious. Considering how very hardworking the cabin crew are, they were cheerful, friendly and caring. The ground staff at Taoyuan airport were particularly well organised.
 It was my first time travelling on Emirates Airlines. Flew from Singapore to Dubai with my family of 4. The ICE entertainment system could not be loaded for us and at least another 5 to 6 rows of passengers in the center row for the entire flight of more than 7 hours. We thought we paid for a premium airline but got a budget flight experience instead. The air crew could not care less; there was just an announcement on board that the in-flight entertainment for some passengers cannot be re-started. Two attempts to get the attention of the air stewardesses through the help button for a separate matter were ignored and not responded to at all. It has been two weeks, and Emirates has not responded to my feedback. I usually travel with Asian airlines, which really compares way better in terms of hospitality, in-flight service and facilities.
  Addis Ababa to Los Angeles via Dubai. All flights on time. ADD to DXB portion was with new Boeing 777 business class seats, a real treat. Food good. Lots of entertainment on board. Biggest complaint would be that the continental breakfast platter can be confusing and the FA got my order wrong. They fixed the issue, however, so no worries. Wifi is slow, and in my opinion, not worth paying money for it.
  Mumbai to Manchester via Dubai in business class. Overall, an excellent experience. The refurbished seats on the B77L were extremely comfortable and spacious. Certainly an upgrade from the dated seats on the 77W. A380 to Manchester was excellent. The ground staff in Mumbai were very helpful and attentive. The chauffeur service is one of the best features of flying with emirates. The complimentary WIFi was useful to stay in touch midair.
  Malta to Male via Dubai. Complaint related to irresponsible staff and left without food for the flight from Malta to Male. I suffer from severe celiac condition and I am intolerant for any type of wheat and contamination. My father who booked the flights did not know that he had to book Gluten free meals 48 hours in advance, when we arrived at the airport in Malta, we asked at the check-in counter about gluten free meals and they informed us that the only way to get gluten free meals on board was to reserve the meals 48 hours in advance. We discussed with the inflight staff and asked them if they can spare some meat from the business class meals and the flight attended said that that was not possible. When we landed in Cyprus we asked to talk to the flight purser and she said she will see what she can do, Once we left Larnaka-Cyprus to Dubai, we asked if the crew managed to solve the issue, but they said unfortunately not and there was nothing they can do, they said that they informed Dubai so they can prepare food for the next flight, again I was left hungry on the flight between Larnaka-Cyprus and Dubai. My Father offered to pay extra for the business class food, but the staff said no. When we landed in Dubai, the first thing we done was to go to customer help and information desk and asked if the crew have ordered any Gluten free food for the next flight from Dubai to Male, the desk assistant said that there was nothing on the system and she will try and get some gluten free food on-board the next flight but she said she cannot promise.  We boarded the flight from Dubai to Male to Maldives and when dinner time arrived they informed us that there was no Gluten free meals and that there was only 3 meals available for other guests which they pre-ordered. 
  Bangkok to Zurich via Dubai. Boeing 777 seat is not comfortable but A380 seat is very good. Food is ok and inflight entertainment is so good. I will recommend A380 only.
  Dublin to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai. Emirates website has a fixed character to insert your name as per passport when booking flights. As my name was too long i could not insert the whole thing. I had the same problem before and I was told to book my flight and ring the help line after. I did the same this time and was charged an extra 30 dollars to add characters to my name. It is absolutely ridiculous, I would understand if the mistake was on my part. But this is solely due to the lack of characters available when booking.
  New York to Cairo via Dubai. Flew business class on A380 to Dubai, then economy to Cairo on 777. service was excellent. Food high quality and plentiful. In flight entertainment had a variety of options; though I couldn't use for first 45 minutes of first flight due to a technical issue. Would fly again. Wifi was very slow throughout the flight compared to other airlines.
  Dubai to Cochin. My laptop weight and hand carry is checking separate and I paid extra for my laptop. And this is new for me, I purchased and traveled before with Emirates lot of times, it’s not fair. I will not take Emirates tickets more because of only this. 
  Prague to Singapore via Dubai. The seat and in-flight entertainment were decent. However their ground service wasn't't great at all. I emailed to arrange my family to sit together but did not reply and we were arranged to sit in different places. The crew were rather rude and unfriendly, and seem as if they were been forced to do this job. I understand that there were many people on the aircraft but their service was too slow. Lunch was served to me at 5pm. Overall, this journey was rather disappointing.
  Sydney to Athens via Dubai. My husband and I have flown to Europe previously with Etihad, Qatar, and this year, Emirates. To say Emirates was disappointing and a league behind Etihad and Qatar would be an understatement. Our itinerary was to fly to Athens with Emirates, stay a night in Athens and then fly to Santorini with a different airline the following morning. Upon bag drop in Sydney with Emirates, we were asked if we would like our bags checked all the way through to Santorini. We stated that we had a night in Athens and were flying a different airline to Santorini; however, were reassured that this wasn't a problem at all and we could easily check our bags all the way through. So, for ease, time and convenience, we did; as we trusted that Emirates knew what they were doing. However, upon check in at Athens airport for our flight to Santorini, we were told by our airline that our bags would not have been checked through and we had to go and find them at baggage claim. With baggage claim struggling to locate our bags at baggage claim, we ended up missing our 9am flight to Santorini. As a direct result of us missing the flight, we then had to pay 450 euro for new flights to Santorini (one way for two people ; an equivalent of over $800 AUD), with the new flight scheduled for 5pm. As a direct result of Emirates incompetence, we not only missed our flight, but missed an entire day in Santorini. The anxiety caused from not knowing where our bags were, no one being able to help us, missing our flight, not being able to get onto another flight for another 8 hours, paying 450 euro for new flights, re-scheduling our hotel transfer and dinner booking (meaning that we could not get into the restaurant until 10pm) and having to re-purchase 40 euro train tickets back to Athens caused me to have an anxiety attack in the airport.  The most disappointing part is that Emirates were so difficult to deal with after the incident. We had to wait months to hear back from Emirates if our new flights to Santorini would be paid for; and that was the only compensation they gave. Emirates would not pay for any of my medical bills, our new train tickets or any compensation for our flights to/from Europe despite them causing havoc to our trip. As a result, I would strongly urge people not to fly with Emirates due to their level of incompetence, lack of professionalism and lack of empathy. 
  Barcelona to Jakarta via Dubai. Emirates online and ground services got it wrong all the way. Going from Barcelona to Jakarta we had planned a stopover in Dubai, we had an hotel for the night and the second flight the day after. So we could travel in eco without being too tired. Unfortunately for us Emirates messed up multiple times. The flight was delayed, that might be a normal safety measure. But then we got no information or wrong information all the way. It’s a wrong strategy to do so with Emirates, as they can mess up your trip fully, and won’t give you more than a poor meal (free poor meal). They can tell you that you will get refunded for your additional expenses and then decline later. All the way to Jakarta, we asked to sleep in Dubai, in Emirates lounge maybe? Explaining we were losing our hotel. The day of departure, after delay notification: Support chat: “I don’t know”. Emirates Barcelona ground service: “I can’t give you anything in Dubai, you should ask there. But you will get the 600 euros indemnity each for severe delay, it should cover all your expenses, in case anyway."  At Emirates Dubai ground service: “Hi, can we sleep somewhere? We are really tired? - Here is your meal voucher. - But we would like to sleep, we are tired, we are not hungry, really. Can we go to the lounge, maybe? - Yeah.. maybe, try there, here is your meal voucher”. We needed to sleep, we paid the hotel in the airport, around 200 USD. We do the online complaint to Emirates. Emirates feedback: “In accordance with the EC regulation 261/2004 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, you are entitled to EUR 600.00 (Euros Six Hundred only) each.” We fill the form for funds transfer, as requested 7. Emirates feedback: Sorry, my bad, you get nothing because you arrived at your final destination on time.
  I travelled with my family from Dubai to Mauritius and what I did not like was the conduct of the staff near the end of the flight. The flight attendant came and collected the blankets 45 minutes before the landing and she did that in a firm way, like there was no discussion. I gave her mine (even though I am very cold whenever an AC is on) and had to ask her to let my daughter keep it. She said yes in a way like she was doing a favour to me. Then the lady next seat told her that she needed to keep the blanket, because she was sick and the flight attendant had a back and forth with her until she conceded at the end. Then after that, she came for the headphones 35 minutes before the landing with an almost rude attitude. My daughter and I were nearly finishing our movie and wanted to tell her that, but then I was watching around and no one was saying anything - I felt like I would be the only one complaining. I gave her both headphones and sat there for 30 minutes thinking about this flight. After all, leaving a blanket and a headphone for the passenger until the end of the flight is not asking too much. It's about the minimum an airline should provide for.
  Perth to London via Dubai. Always been great service and first choice even though competitor flight times are less the service was worth it. This time we booked a multi city holiday and have had the worst flight experience of our lives. So far 4/6 flights our family seating has been separated. This includes our 2 and 8 yr old kids having to seat on their own. We had to beg other passengers to swap seats to we could each sit with the kids. Not looking forward to the last 2 flights. Wonder what’s happened to cause such a decline. Hope you can find your old selves again. Were were not the only family affected on theses flights.
  Munich to Adelaide via Dubai. The first flight from Munich to Dubai was excellent. Traveling alone with my 10 month old son, the cabin crew were amazing. Introduced themselves personally and took my son for walks through the plane, gave him a meal & toys, and took a Polaroid keepsake. The flight wasnt full so I had the 4 seats to myself with the bassinet and when someone moved to the aisle seat after takeoff, Natasha said she would find the passenger an alternative seat for both our comfort levels (which was unnecessary but great). Unfortunately, the Dubai-Adelaide leg was terrible. I waited nearly 1.5 hours after takeoff to get the bassinet put up, then during the flight which was really turbulent (not much can be done about that I know), I had to buzz for my food trays to be removed as they sat there for a few hours. An elderly man was I'll in the toilet near where I was seated, and had opened the door whilst doubled over the sink vomiting, so again I buzzed for assistance for him but nobody even came! 2 female crew had an argument in the aisle about 1 getting a food order wrong, and it was just very unprofessional. Had it not been for the assistance of the passenger on the aisle and behind me helping me to reach the overhead compartment etc as i needed nappies and things during the flight, but had my son in my arms for almost 10 of the 12 hours due to the turbulence so was attempting to function using 1 hand, the flight would have been a worse experience. Food was ok (no infant meal provided) but ran out of salmon so only turkey available in 2nd meal service. Ticket was cheapest option for route but customer service needs a massive review for greater consistency across all flights.
  Hamburg to Dubai. It was an excellent flight. My comfort was helped by the fact that the gentleman in front did not lean back and that the seat left of me (I had an aisle in the middle row) was empty. So I could spread out my stuff. About 30 min after take off I walked to the galley and asked whether the bar was already open. I received a smile and two glasses of white wine. 15 Min later they distributed food and beverages, where the beverage trolley followed close to the food trolley. Crew worked with a smile. Beverages and food were good for an economy meal, wines were even good.  Throughout the flight crew passed by and served beverages. The IFE was high class and the internet was poor as usual. So overall, an excellent Y experience.
  Brisbane to Nairobi via Dubai. My husband and I flew with Emirates for the first time and had negative experiences on both flights, there and back. The negative was in Dubai when we were waiting for our second flight. We were told boarding would start 40 minutes before departure and would close 20 minutes before departure. Approximately 50 minutes before departure was the first time the flight was shown on the departure screen with "FINAL CALL". We had to run to get to the gate on time as we thought we would miss our flight. When we arrived I asked why they started boarding so early and why there was no announcement for boarding until "FINAL CALL" and the hostess replied "It's protocol". We received no explicit reason or justification whatsoever. The second was in Nairobi. Their system was down which is understandable that queues were extremely long and service taking a long time as well. However, we received absolutely no announcements as to what was happening and when the flight would take off. We were meant to fly at 10:45pm. After boarding at approximately that time we sat on the plane at the gate for 3 hours until we finally took off at 1:45am the next morning. On that flight I pushed the service button for water as we weren't given anything for those 3 hours waiting on the plane but no one answered my request. I did this twice until I gave up. This wait and level of service was extremely frustrating to most passengers as they had connecting flights with short layovers. I was very disappointed with the service and lack of explanation by Emirates on this trip. I am not planning on flying with them again.
  Dubai to Melbourne, on my way home now and I have found crew to be very rude, unfriendly and abrupt to customers. When walking past me they continue to bump into and even walk on my feet and not even apologize! I do lot look forward to flying with them again.
  Glasgow to Hong Kong return via Dubai on Boeing 777-300 and A380. Very average experience all round, all flights on time and did what they said they’d do. Marked deterioration in service standards since I last flew them two years ago - no hot towels, drinks came after meals finished, second meal basically one mouthful and IFE nowhere near as extensive as advertised on their website. Cabin crew wholly unmemorable. All in all, unremarkable and uninspiring but got from A to B. Would fly again if price good and times worked, but wouldn’t go out of my way to do so.
  Dubai to Brisbane. Would never travel with Emirates again with an infant! Dreadful experience with Emirates travelling with our 20-month-old daughter. Flight crew were rude and unhelpful throughout the entire flight. The only time we ever saw them is when they came and barked orders at us!! We purchased 3 full-price seats for myself, my wife and our 20-month-old daughter, however the flight crew didn't offer our daughter any food during the entire 14-hour flight. When we asked the attendant if they had any food for our infant they said they didn't have any and we should have pre-ordered this! However this was the first we'd heard of this, and the lady sat next to us said that she didn't pre-order and her 4-year-old was given a kids meal! Emirates were well aware that we were travelling with an infant so surely they would have some provisions for this! Apparently not. I have flown hundreds of times and used most airlines - this was definitely the worst experience I've ever had.
  Dubai to Istanbul. Cost reductions in Emirates. This is my 4th flight in a month where Emirates only served chicken for a meal. This is my second review and will keep posting as I am a frequent traveler to Dubai. The host attendant told me their classic sentence "Sorry sir we ran out of beef". As I was expecting this answer I stand up and asked her "How come no one in front 5-6 did not get any beef?".  She just could not give a logical answer other than that there is a ratio based on customers. I told her that this is a lie as it's my fourth flight I get the same response from them. Besides, I don't understand why do they give you the menu as they never have beef meal on board? It is very obvious that Emirates is doing cost reduction by serving chicken instead of beef. I have another return flight scheduled in a week. I wonder what will I get.
  Kathmandu to Toronto via Dubai. The worst experience ever, I booked wheelchair for my 80 years old grandmother but they didn’t provide any. For 80 years old person, she has walked one hourr from one terminal to another What a shame, what a service they provide I am not going to use this airline again.
  Colombo to Los Angeles via Dubai. The suite seat is very comfortable, and I had a nice sleep of 8 hrs. Walking to the bar in the back was a nice diversion. The flight attendents were friendly and helpful. Staff clean the restroom / shower after passanger usage. The entertainment channels offers a big variety and had many womens choices Magazines. The food is Emirates only weakness, but a meal in their lounge before departure helped. Before landing in LA, I took a shower onboard and was ready to hit LA after a very long flight.
  Dubai to Vienna. Android App stopped working after I checked in. So my mobile boarding pass was not available through the App, and I wasn't able to change my seat. For dinner they only had turkey/chicken, no beef! That was the second time in a row this happened on that route. I will probably fly with another airline next time. Otherwise the flight was okay. Aircraft was brand new, including new thinner seats. Even the crew was flying it for the first time.
  Dubai to Los Angeles. The service was very poor, the crew inattentive and unfriendly. The food ran out, the cabin was not cleaned, the wait time at check in was very long and only two staff were deployed.
  London to Brisbane via Dubai. Our flight from London Heathrow was late, which resulted in us rushing through the transit to book in for the next connecting flight from Dubai to Brisbane (via Singapore). When we arrived at the Dubai check in, it was apparent that there was something wrong but the Emirates staff just talked amongst themselves. After some 15 or 20 other passengers checked in after us for the same flight (5 of them Business Class customers) the Emirates staff told us that they had changed our seats and we couldn't sit together, but they offered no reason for this, I told the staff that we had booked these seats and my partner was a nervous flyer so we could not sit in separate locations. They said you have no choice, I asked to be upgraded to 1st class, they refused, I offered to travel on the next flight 02.30hrs (some 5 hours later), I was abruptly told that our luggage was on the flight that we were originally booked on (21.15hrs) and we needed to board that flight as it was departing in a few minutes. Their attitude for Business Class customers (or any customer) was deplorable. We arrived at Brisbane, but our luggage didn't, the staff at Brisbane were helpful but couldn't tell us where it was, as it hadn't been 'scanned in' at Dubai. I then got access to text messages on my mobile phone, which I couldn't obtain whilst on the flights, for some reason, the text read 'due to operational reasons we have had to transfer you to the flight that departs from Dubai at 02.30hrs', why didn't the staff at Dubai know about this instead of refusing me travel on this service, especially when I had offered to do just that. We waited at Brisbane, for the next flight to arrive, but still no luggage. It took Emirates 3 days to get our luggage to us, by this time we had travelled to Cairns as this was how we had booked our holiday and accommodation. On our return flight to London, which departed from Melbourne, we checked in and the staff said 'due to the flight being full we have changed your seats', from Dubai to London. I couldn't understand why this would be necessary just because the flight was full, again I refused this and asked to be upgraded, no was the reply. We then had to wait at the customer service desk and they eventually explained that they had e mailed Dubai and we had got our original seats, although the staff pointed out to me that the seats were only a request and not guaranteed, I showed them an email from Emirates which confirmed the flight and seat details, from the outset of the booking. The Emirates customer service desk operative made a point that she had done us a favour, in getting our original seats back. When we arrived at Dubai check in, again we were faced with 'we have changed your seats'. I couldn't believe this and again had to wait and argue to get our original seats. The staff on the plane were very attentive and polite on all legs, but the staff on the ground just don't care, rude and not worthy of the Emirates uniform. I asked several times 'how much do you want me to pay before you start giving us some level of service' I have written to Emirates with the complaint and incredibly they have referred it to Qantas, because Emirates were only operating the flight on their behalf, how that works when it was the Emirates staff who caused the issues I don't know.
  Istanbul to Dubai. For the third time in a row, Emirates served only chicken meal to me on their flight. Their general excuse is "Sorry sir but we ran out of beef". This was my third flight in 2 months where I got the same reply. First I thought it was just my bad luck being related to the seat I have chosen. But I always pay extra for my seat selection and this time I had chosen the front section of the plane. Oddly enough I noticed that all the passengers on my front and back were also very angry about being forced to eat chicken. I will be also posting my next flight info which is scheduled for this Friday. I hope Emirates Passenger Services will take the necessary actions and correct this problem.
 Manchester to Singapore via Dubai. We flew Emirates on each leg of our trip to Singapore. The first leg on Sunday 25th November 2018 (Manchester -Dubai) was excellent, the crew were attentive and very pleasant. The next leg (Dubai-Singapore) was less pleasant the crew less attentive. The return flights (8th December)were much more unpleasant the aircraft was full on both legs but that should not have had any bearing on the complete lack of interest that the crew displayed. On the first leg my wife felt as though she was about to vomit, I went with her to the back of the plane and asked a member of the crew for some advice (He was chatting to two other crew members at the time) his response was to point to a toilet at the rear and said “Sick bags in the restroom” no other concern was expressed. The leg from Dubai to Manchester was over night leaving Dubai at 2.55am for at least three hours we saw no crew at all, anything we needed had to be requested by a visit to the curtained off galley. Overall we were extremely disappointed by the standard of service, far less than we expected. The uniforms of the crew are probably the smartest in the business but along with this must go an equivalent level of customer service. This was our first trip with Emirates but I expected far more from them than this. Good clean aircraft, food only so-so, good timekeeping but oh dear! The level of service fell far below what should be a standard.
 Bangkok to Hong Kong. Overall quality is steady from a possible early checking (3h30) to the lounge, plane and service onboard The only thing is within this short 2h30 flight, you don’t have the chauffeur service.
  Auckland to Manchester via Dubai. I have flown as a regular customer on this long and arduous route a good few times now. It is a minimum of 29.5 hours so pay for extra leg room as the upgrades do increase phenomenally. This flight was booked a year ago and seats approximately the same time with added expense of leg room with really good seats. It was the last flight from Dubai to Manchester today only to be told that it was not a available and that I had to sort my refund out; thus handing me card with information. No upgrade was offered; actually it was refused! It would have been considerate if they could have contacted us and discussed the issue. Instead we could have 3 seats to ourselves, how kind seeing the airplane was half full. It would have been interesting to see what would have happened if it was full. All this was because the plane had changed, it was still and A380 guys. Seats all in the same place! I’m not happy and seriously considering using a different airline from now on. I do this route at least once a year at a considerable cost for 2. I hope we get suitably refunded by this "excellent airline".
  Los Angeles to Colombo via Dubai. Worst airline. Flight staff was horrible and rude. I tried to asked why I kept getting food with dietary restrictions when I have none. On the flight home they assured me nothing was noted for special diet and sure enough on the 17 hour flight I had nothing since I don’t eat fish and that’s what I was served for my ‘dietary restrictions’ - two out of the four flights the seat did not recline. WiFi was not working on any flight. Finally was able to talk to someone and they gave us info on who to contact. Almost 6 months later with over 8 attempts to contact company to see if they would be able to listen to our concerns and issues we experienced - nothing. Their customer service over the phone is even worse. I’m not one to give a bad review but when you’re spending thousands of dollars and give almost 6 months for the company to hear me out and make it right, I need to warn other people.
 Kuala Lumpur to London via Dubai. First time flying Emirates. I flew coach, my flight left KLIA at 7.40pm to Dubai (7 hours) 3rd Dec 2018. Flight EK347. Seated upfront 2nd row Economy. Presumable friends, the first row 3 male passengers were making so much noise throughout the night flight. No one could sleep in my section. Being a night flight, the Emirates staff not only failed to request them to tone down in consideration to other passengers. But what shocked most passengers is to see one of the Emirates staff is part of the noise making throughout the flight with the 3 men. Seated herself at the crew exit seat facing them. Extremely unprofessional for any staff to act in this manner by disregarding passengers comfort. Next, the food was poorly presented. Budget airlines like AirAsia has better food. Service is below average. Cabin crew comprising of multi nationalities don't seem to be working as a team. Next, the seats were extremely uncomfortable. Sorry, I wouldnt fly Emirates again, and will go back to Asian airline hospitality. Highly overrated airline.
  Kuala Lumpur to London via Dubai. Having a stopover at Dubai now enroute to London. Decided to check on why Emirates was below expectation. Initially wanted to keep my experience to myself but not after reading Skytrax reviews on Emirates. First and foremost, I was allotted the worst seat anyone can get. Seat 66H,  the lavatory seat. Wrote to Emirates 3 days back, I am in Dubai now, my flight is done, but no response from them. Luckily upon online check-in, I decided to change my "aromatic" seat - and I had to pay extra for a different seat. Emirates should not sell or make money from this row of seats. Esp when there are still empty seats on the flight for sale or seat change for extra payment. Its downright unacceptable and disgusting from a country that prides itself to be super rich operating the 2nd largest A380 fleet. I know now, I was fooled by all of Emirates advertisements and their perceived image. On to the flight, the flight was below expectation. Economy class cabin crews' attention and attitude got heaps to improve. Giving me the immediate impression that Emirates only crave and care for Business and First Class passengers attention, I guess Economy class passengers are only herds of cattle to them. The food was bland and presentation was poor. And the Emirates A380 economy seat is very uncomfortable Someone should remind Emirates management, that Economy class service ultimately differentiates an airline from its competitors and generates the most revenue for any airline Anyone wants to fly Emirates? fly Business or First, never Economy.
 Oslo to Dubai. Have flown with Emirates several times and this is by far the worst experience ever. The crew took a long time to serve dinner and by the time it got to us, they had already run out of beef, and we weren’t even sitting towards the back of the plane. No apology was given for the limited choices and the FA gave a take it or leave it tone with us. The snack was served shortly after and no one bothered to collect the trash from us after that. One FA told us to leave it behind. Unprofessional service!
  Singapore to Prague via Dubai. Extremely lousy service, traveling in a group of 8 and treated rudely. Crew woke us up and ask whether do we need food to be served, we say no and the crew replied "if you don’t want it now we are not going to warm it for you later”. Controller of mini screen don’t come out, ask crew member to help, she pressed several times and replied “if you can’t take it out I can’t too”. Asked whether we want chicken or beef, we said beef, crew member say I will take a look and never come back again. Asked another crew member, he told the previous one that she has missed us, she snapped and walk away. In the end no food was served. I know it’s economy class but I don’t think we deserve this.
  Very smooth trip from Dubai to Hamburg. Our chauffeur picked us up well ahead of time and from pick-up to entry to the Emirates Lounge at T3 it took just 30 minutes. We boarded on time and even though it was a busy service (full business class) we were very well looked after by a professional cabin crew. Food and wines offered on the nearly 7 hour flight was very good and of highest standard. We even had time to enjoy a cocktail at the bar and relax before we started our descent into Hamburg. It is fantastic that the A380 is now also flying to Hamburg and great to have both options now, the B777 and A380 on this route.
  Great service on both flights from Hamburg to Dubai and Dubai to Hong Kong. Smooth transits and punctual departures. Excellent and helpful crews and very professional and attentive service on both flights. Great food, excellent wines and the best entertainment system. Emirates never disappoints.
  Shanghai to Dubai. Fantastic crew. Emirates has never let me down with their service, be it on the ground or in the air. Very punctual chauffeur pick-up from the hotel to the airport, smooth boarding and one of the best crews ever on this flight. Super attentive and ever so helpful, I could have stayed onboard for much longer!
  Gatwick to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai. We had 21 kg excess luggage when the ground staff saying  you have 21kg of stuff to dispose of. When my husband asked him again what he was saying then only he’s explaining either we pay or throw our stuff for 21 kgs. This is lack of professionalism to me. Not only that, the supervisor was rude too. Without a smile and arrogantly he said either you pay or you throw then he walked away. We all know this but at least display a professional and appropriate manners towards us. We ended up paying 5kg excess. I bought a return ticket for the first time and this should be my last. Never again to travel with this airline.
  Newark to Athens. When we received the email from Emirates to check in we were offered an upgrade to Business for $600 per person.  We took it, thinking that we would be wowed by Emirates world class service, food and reputation. Read on. After checking in online we called to find out more about Emirates' car service, knowing we were outside the 50 mile radius we were willing to pay the difference. "No' we were told, "you booked the super saver upgrade, so you are not eligible". Really? Even if we would pay for it? After we checked in at the airport we asked where the lounge was located. "No" we were told "you booked the super saver upgrade, so that doesn't get lounge access". Funny, didn't see mention of that when Emirates took my $1200. (we got into the lounge any way). Boarded an old 777-200. It was late (almost midnight). We had a nice cocktail and dinner and went to sleep. Forgot to put the sticker on my shirt and so 2 hours before landing, and in the middle of a nice deep sleep, was awoken by the FA who asked what I wanted for breakfast (even though he could see I was sound asleep). My husband was out like a light and the FA said "I guess he doesn't want breakfast". Astute observation. Before I went to sleep and after I woke up I tried to find something to watch on the IFE. Nothing. It was late so there was no question that we would be sleeping, but the seat was not full flat and the hard arm rests were hard to maneuver around. Overall I would say that I was glad we got to upgrade, but felt sorry for those folks who paid a lot more than we did for the same experience.
  Delhi to London via Dubai. Seating was alright. At both ends and particularly on the return leg I took note of the lethargic stewardesses. They had no concern about the passenger comforts. Consequently, in spite of having probably 12 staff serving Dinner/Refreshment the service was very late. Meals were served almost 80-90 minutes after take-off. On the return journey flight took off from London at 20.30 and my turn (middle of the Aircraft) came at 22.00. Food was run of the mill and not enough to fill me at least. 
  Dubai to Singapore. Whatever Executive approved the 2x3x2 configuration for the Boeing 777 fleet, did Emirates a huge disservice. Will never fly the Emirates Boeing 777 again. A business class seat should not require you to "either" climb over the person next to you, or require the person next to you, to climb over you, to get to the aisle. Will only fly airlines whose business class cabin is 1x2x1, or offers "direct aisle access" from every business class seat. 
  Dubai to Houston. I have never experienced such a complete & total lack of professionalism, by any airline. Travelers can encounter a problem on any airline, but it is how an airline handles a problem that is most important. This experience on EK was a "case study in abject incompetence". The flight was boarded on time, but departure time came & went, & passengers were left sitting, with zero flight deck contact for almost 1.5 hours before the 1st contact by The Captain. There had been a problem with a smoke detector in the crew's sleeping cabin, but it would soon be fixed & we would be "on our way in about 15 minutes". Yet again, we sat with no update k for over another hour, by which time the flight was 2.5 hours late. The Captain then made a 2nd announcement that it had taken longer to fix the problem than anticipated, but we would "now depart in about 10-15 minutes". However, for a 3rd time, passengers were left sitting another 1+ hour with no flight deck contact. What kind of flight crew training does EK provide, where a Captain thinks it is OK to let passengers sit in silence on a flight delayed 3+ hours, yet make only 2 incorrect announcements? After sitting for 3.5 hours the Captain direct all passengers to collect their belongings & deplane. So 100's of passengers deplane, but those in 1st & Business Class on the upper deck had another surprise waiting. Neither the Captain, or the flight crew had alerted ground staff that upper deck passengers had been directed to deplane. As a result, all 1st & Business Class passengers were crammed at the end of the jetway in front of the 2nd floor elevators, with no place to go! Passengers could enter the elevators, but security had disabled the floor selection buttons after the plane had originally boarded. Passengers started to bang on the glass walls to try & get the attention of security staff who could be seen in the distance, but unable to hear through the heavy glass walls. Passengers finally returned to the plane to tell the "totally clueless" flight crew, there was no place to go & passengers were trapped in the small  2nd floor area. Security personnel finally noticed passengers banging on the wall & 1 unlocked a 5th floor door & came to the 2nd level via stairwell, since they also could not operate the elevators. This employee then directed all 1st & Business Class passengers to carry all their belongings up 6 flights to the 5th floor Business Class Lounge! What a fiasco of total incompetence. The flight ended up being 5.5 hours late, but once airborne, passengers quickly learned that even though the plane had sat at the gate for almost 6 hours, it had not been re-catered, so the flight was serving a "breakfast" menu, even though the flight departed at almost 4:00PM. No dinner would be served, but rather a light snack, since the menu was still for the "original" flight times. After flying for 25 years, I have never experienced a more incompetent flight operation. Not 1 EK employee mentioned any compensation, even though  passengers should have received some type of compensation! 
 I traveled from Trivandrum to Dallas via Dubai to visit my 94 year old dad who was in critical condition in the hospital. However, he passed away the night before my flight. I was forced to change my return from November 14 to November 8 as my dad's funeral was on November 5. I had a 20 hour layover in Dubai on my return and Emirates was to provide me hotel and meals in Dubai on my scheduled return date of November 14. However, even though I used the exact same flight combination for my return from TVM to Dubai and Dubai to DFW on November 8, Emirates refused to provide me hotel and meals at Dubai. I had to pay an extra $85 for hotel and approximately $50 for meals. As it is, I paid $1,609.54 originally for the ticket which I thought was overpriced and an additional $375 in penalties and fare difference for changing my return date. I am left wondering whether Emirates is in the business of providing air transportation or of highway robbery. I have traveled on Emirates previously and I definitely got the feeling that not only are they nickel and diming their passengers but their cabin and ground crew at DFW service are much worse than before.
  
Odessa to Hanoi via Dubai. I had a very bad experience with Emirates. On 3rd July, 2018 my wife and I took a return flight from Odessa (ODS) to Hanoi ((HAN) via Dubai (DXB); After checked-in, We have waited in long time over boarding time, and then a lady likes a Representative of EK appeared and made a contact with passengers in lounge to announce that flight was delayed more. And in long time waiting that lady appeared again to notice that the incoming flight from DXB landed in Kishinev (Moldova)- KIV and then flew back at ODS in a couple time. We and passengers on this flight have continued to wait. Nearly 02 hours later the lady informed that the incoming flight would flight back to ODS, but crews were over duty time then there would be no outgoing flight to DXB from ODS, it means flight today cancelled. The alternative flight ODS-DXB would be on next day morning, but she didn’t know when! How should I do when I was sure that We missed connecting flight from DXB to HAN? I showed our tickets, mentioned her that our connection flight to Hanoi and asked her what solution would be done for us. I received an answer from her: “I cannot do anything here because there is no computer, no system. I have only telephone!” Even She didn't care on my connection ticket. And she informed that Passenger were provided meals and hotel for that night and would take flight on next day but she didn’t know when! Emirates representative at ODS airport didn’t offer me any alternative protected trip except meals an hotel for that night! No answer, no choice offered by Emirates for me. It’s was terrible and truly that Emirates have set own passengers like me and my wife aside and had no care. Fortunately, there was an flight from ODS to HAN later at 09:30PM by Turkish airlines on the same day. I requested Emirates representative to make endorsement to TK, but She replied that she couldn’t do it. I requested her make a confirmation letter about EK flight cancellation to get refund later. She replied that I could get refund where I bought tickets and there people would know everything in airline system! Finally, I myself had to purchase 02 tickets on TK on the same day to fly back home. Until now nearly 4 months over I contact Emirate many times but no refund for cancelled flight was done!
  Madrid to Male via Dubai. I have never flown Emirates until last October 27 in a holiday trip with my wife to Maldives. Madrid to Male was nothing special: economy seats have average pitch, ICE system works fine and movies selection is huge apparently. Service onboard was quite bad, food was average, flight attendants were rude, the purser spent the whole flight shouting at the crew. They never asked if we wanted more bread or more cafe etc. The flight from Dubai to Male was scheduled at 3:15 am, so we wanted nothing but sleep. Even if we put on all of our "resting stuff" the flight crew woke up us at 5 am for breakfast. She said that she must assure that everyone on board was offered breakfast. On our return flights we found another surprise. As the travel agency gave us the booking reference two months ago I purchased the seats, as the fare the agency took did not allow to choose seats. I paid 140€ for the seats. So far so good until we checked in at Male airport. Our seats were changed with no reason. In both flights (MLE-DXB and DXB-MAD). The handling staff could not tell me any reasonable reason, and the finished with a great "ask Emirates staff when you arrive to Dubai". Great answer from a professional employee. But when I tried to get an explanation at Dubai my luck did not get better: after twenty minutes trying to hold a conversation, one person who supposedly was in charge gave me a piece of paper with a web site written and told me to fill an online claim. Great airline, great staff, great service. Onboard more of the same: bad service, rude crew, poor food and added to my other trip: my entertainment system did not work. Luckily I had my ipad with lots of stuff loaded. This was my first and my last trip with Emirates.
  Seattle to Dubai. This was my first time with Emirates and I was expecting much more than this flight delivered. Just going down a short list: I expected better seat comfort, I hoped for more attention from the flight attendants (this was a 14 hour flight with only one visit by a flight attendant in the 14 hrs, that being after they served the meals). There were many, many children and some would not stop crying. The few bathrooms became dirty fast and stayed that way through the flight. Finally, the food was mediocre at the best. So, what I learned on my first Emirates flight is the experience of air travel with them is no better than Delta or American Airlines.
  Brisbane to Singapore.Took early morning (overnight) flight.  Based on my previous positive experiences travelling the same route, I expected more. Although seemingly light load in all cabins, crew rushed both services in a way that suggested they just wanted to get it all over and done with. The result, impersonal service when there was the luxury of time to do much better. Several requests for drinks etc were misunderstood, because it seemed that the crew were making incorrect assumptions about what I wanted, instead of taking the time to ask and listen! Service aside, older style 777 cabin but nonetheless comfortable. Overall, it could’ve been such a better experience if the crew made the effort to deliver a personalised service.
  
Perth to London via Dubai. My husband and I have been flying with Emirates to London from Perth for many years and had never encountered a problem before, until our latest flight to London, we had a 2 3hour delay. You prepare for you’re flight only to have to return home did not experience good management in Perth about what to do. We were given Taxi fare to get home but the queue was very unorganised - some were getting hotels others cabs but were not directed. Eventually next day we back to Perth airport by now the excitement was gone so then mid flight was told one piece of luggage was left behind and will follow shortly but did not receive till day 3 so had to buy clothes - very disappointed to see it had been cut right across the top so we had to buy a new suitcase. Then on our return to Perth we had pre paid seats only to be told somebody else was in them so we by now we’re most upset, but disappointed at the manner and rudeness of the staff in flight - especially a manager who shrugged and said Oh well bad customer service. We are now going back to Singapore Airlines.
  Washington to Dubai. Flew on Emirates in April 2018. Best flying experience ever. Raved about it to everyone and booked another trip with them 6 months later. Same exact flight just 6 months later. Totally different experience. Service was so-so, they cut back on a few meals, no hot towels to clean your hands (only handy wipes now), no random photographer taking flight photos) They are just like any other airline now. 
  I was travelling Emirates from Stansted to Hong Kong via Dubai, this is the first time I filed with Emirates as I live close to Stansted airport and this is the only route from Stansted to Hong Kong.  I was disappointed by my  experience. When I booked the ticket thru my travel agent, my seat is always classified as Confirmed as seen by online tracking. So to my very surprise, when I got to the Stansted Airport check in counter 3 hours before my flight departure, the staff at the check in counter told me that I was actually a “stand by” passenger from Dubai to Hong Kong which they could not actually check me in and print my boarding pass, they said I could only confirm my seat when I arrive Dubai and they could do nothing in Stansted. I said to them that my seat status is always written as Confirmed on online tracking and I could not accept such an uncertainty only to find out if I will get a seat to Hong Kong when I arrive Dubai. The staff only explained because the plane was overbooked and I was chosen (randomly?). I had flown numerous airlines in my life,  but such thing was never happened, but only with Emirates! Even though with my insistence, the issue was solved and I got a seat at Stansted, this incident already left me a bad impression about this airline. If there is an option, I’d doubt if I will ever fly with Emirates ever again as this experience was no fun at all.
  Colombo to Dubai. The service was excellent at the Check in counter and also with the Cabin Crew. The cabin crew was concerned about the passenger comfort.
  Johannesburg to Rome via Dubai. I have been waiting for longer than months since my flight last July with no response from Emirates all.  First I had no idea why Emirates is delayed for 6 hours out of JNB was because of technical issues which caused me to missed my connecting flight to Europe. The IFE on my seat does not work since this is an old plane that I've take and this is unacceptable for me to go without IFE on such a long flight. Upon arrival into Dubai, I was rescheduled to another day with Emirates as the result of the delay flight. I have nowhere to sleep by then. This is unacceptable and a total nightmare for the whole journey. After longer time since I sent a report to Emirates without any answer at all. This is the last time I fly Emirates.
  Birmingham to Kathmandu via Dubai. Emirates used to be best airline for me,  but this time really unhappy with the services at the check-in area. I booked the wheelchair for my grandparent, i didn’t get any help or information from her when we check so my grandparents had to walk way to plane. There were so many peoples who were carrying too many bags but did’t weigh their luggage and bags - but why only us.  I don’t mind for paying but it should be fair to everyone. So unhappy with the emirates flight never going use this airline again. Paid £88 for nothing 
  Barcelona to Dubai. A cabin crew damaged my belongings.  Just before the captain commenced descent, against my advice, staff shoved and crushed several of my airport purchases into a almost full overhead compartment above me, in my full view. Prior to this, I'd request twice for assistance to find a suitable space, not the one above me, but my request was totally ignored. Upon landing for disembarkment, I approached the cabin crew supervisor and showed him the damages done on my purchases by one of his crew. He expressed his apologies and advised I write in to Emirates as there nothing other than apologies he can offer. He was also shown the almost-full state of the compartment directly above us where the packagings were crushed and damaged. I wrote to Emirates and below is their "not my problem" template reply from Customer Service Thank you for your correspondence of 03 October 2018 regarding Emirates flight EK 186 from Barcelona to Dubai on 29 September. I regret to learn that you found your biscuit box dented on the above flight. However, I am required to highlight that personal belongings brought onboard are the responsibility of each individual passenger, and the airline cannot accept responsibility for loss of, or damage to, personal items. According to our records, as you were sitting in the bulkhead row, you were advised that all bags and loose items have to be stowed for landing in the overhead lockers. It is my understanding that you did not inform the cabin crew that your bags contained fragile items. Notwithstanding the above, we certainly appreciate you bringing your experience to our attention, and I wish to assure you that your comments, along with the Cabin Supervisor's report, have been shared with the departments concerned. This enables them to take appropriate internal action to improve the standard of service offered to our customers. I can also advise that the cabin crew operating in Economy class on this flight have received guidance in this regard. Please accept my apologies for not having met your expectations on this occasion. I hope that we can leave you with a more positive impression on your future flights with us. Emirates services from both cabin and ground (customer service) had changed over the years and this has been the worst I'd ever encountered. 
  Dubai to Sao Paulo. Flying experience nothing out of ordinary, but this company doesn't respect customer. They damage my luggage did an agreement in the airport, sent the e-mail with the case. Didn't pay and said case closed. Never replied any e-mail or answer phone call. 
  The flight from London to Dubai is good but not from Dubai to Colombo which is operated by flydubai. Customer service from cabin crew is very poor and is one of ignorance.  Also the transport between terminals are too slow that I managed to get to the next flight last minute.
  Orlando to Hargeisa via Dubai. I was traveling for business purposes, so I needed to take 6 bags and was willing to pay the extra fees for the many overweight pieces of baggage. I agreed to pay $950 for the baggage to be accepted and taken to my destination, which was Hargeisa. When I got to Dubai, they canceled my connection flight to Hargeisa, so they rescheduled me onto an Ethiopian Airline flight to Hargeisa, which I was fine with, but later I wanted a refund because, in order for my bags to reach the destination, I had to pay $1600 to Ethiopian Airlines, and the agreement with Emirates was to take my baggage to my destination for the $950. I asked Emirates for a refund because they canceled the flight and rescheduled me,  but they refused and said it's not their fault and since I paid the $950 and used Emirates airlines until Dubai, they cannot accept my refund.
  Sydney to Paris via Dubai. I have been travelling with Emirates with the past 10 years. I flew for the second time in business class and the service has been the worst I have ever had. A had a stop over in Dubai, and I had a confirmation email from Emirates and a print out from the Emirates counter in Sydney while I did my check-in. A chauffeur was booked to pick me and my daughter up and we had a hotel room booked complimentary from Emirates. When we arrived in Dubai, no one from Emirates helped me to find my chauffeur. I went to the Emirates counter and the person who was really unhelpful, cancelled my booking without asking me anything and was very rude! I had to wait for hours at the airport with my 17 months daughter. I was expecting much more from the business class from Emirates. The cabin crew during the flights was average. While my daughter was sleeping I asked one one of the crew to look after her while I was in the bathroom. She showed me that she was really annoyed to help me, she finally decided to stay as I asked her if I could get someone else to help me if she didn't want to do it. The cabin crew was eating food in front of clients and was not in a hurry to help clients. I sent a complain on the Emirates website and they answered that it will take up to 30 days before I hear from them - this unacceptable. The business class is expensive enough to deserve the treatment that goes with it. I will never book another business flight ticket with Emirates anymore.
  I had a flight from Bangkok to Lisbon via Dubai in August 2018, and the flight was amazing! the food was good, the entertainment system was a little old but was great, and the flight crew nice!
  Jakarta to London via Dubai. I’m shocked by how terrible the service was. The in flight entertainment is arguably one of the best, the food is okay (nothing special but good enough), but the service provided by the flight attendants was absolutely appalling. I received no help whatsoever from the stewardess nearby in loading/unloading my baggage, even though I was clearly seen struggling. I was very thirsty mid-flight and requested for the flight attendant to ask for water, but unfortunately no one showed up. The general attitude was unfriendly and unenthusiastic. I would absolutely opt for alternative airlines (and there are plenty) when making this trip in the future.
 Hong Kong to Dubai via Heathrow. I found the staff bossy, patronizing and unhelpful. They were either too busy to answer questions or simply not there. Wifi supposedly available but never worked, remote control jammed in latched position, no printed wine list available. I am surprised at how poor I found the service. Qantas was far superior.
  Manchester to Mauritius via Dubai. First flight with Emirates. Not impressed. On outward and inward flights our choice of meals were not available. On return flight sea food only available. I'm allergic to this so did not have a meal. No amenity kits were available despite all flights being long haul. I enquired via live chat if I could take a hand bag and a small piece of cabin luggage before I flew. I was told strictly one piece only per person. Most ladies had a hand baggage and a travel bag with them. Travelled with golf bags and only were allowed 30kg including suitcases. Most other airlines allow much more than this. Not impressed at all.
  Dubai to Johannesburg. Emirates is a joke. We were given a "E" and "F" seats at check in, on a horribly tight 3-4-3 configuration. We asked if we could be given a window or aisle seat but was refused. The check in staff then called her supervisor and said "Hi, I am calling as two passengers would like to change their seats. I want to call because I want to let them know I have put in my effort and you can just say a no so I can please them". This is humiliating. On the flight, the seats were the tightest I have met in economy class. The highly rated ICE system was a joke - they claimed to have over 3000 hours of inflight entertainment but in fact, most movies were the unpopular or old ones. The so called free wifi allowed you for 10 minutes of messaging only.  The food is ok, but nothing to cry for. The crews were mostly impolite, and even for the polite ones, not proactive to help on anything. We had a tight connection (1 hour which we need to collect our bags and recheck again) and asked if we could be seated to the front of the aircraft for quick disembarkation. One of the crews ignored our requests and the one other one just said, "oh, do it on your own". This is the most horrible flight I have had with international flights!
  I have flown with Emirates over several years but I won't be after my recent trip to the UK. On both legs (to Birmingham/return to Melbourne) the service left a lot to be desired after many years of excellent service. My wife who had asked for diabetic meals (in advance) had white rolls/sandwiches given to her - as was the diabetic passenger - next to her. They both explained to the staff that brown bread is what they had asked for as white bread is a no-no for those suffering with diabetes. Most of the other contents of the meals were not conducive with those with diabetes. The "hot" meals were late in there delivery on most occasions. There was obviously something wrong as staff members were arguing with one another saying who was at fault or wasn't. Either way, it wasn't very professional and disappointing for the customers to hear this going on - I was seating in the row in front of the cabin crew prepare the meals. I wouldn't have minded if it had only happened the once but it happened on our return flight. One has to ask why is moral so low with the Emirates air crew on Emirates these days? Why should passengers be bearing the toxic atmosphere and second rate customer service. Until there management (who the buck stops at) get there act together, I won't be rushing back to them when there are better air crews to fly with!  I didn't get an apology (neither did anyone else) off the flying crew as to why it took 50 - 60 minutes to disembark from the plane? 
  Sydney to Athens via Dubai. Emirates is an overpriced airline with too much marketing budget and no substance, one that I would advise others to never fly on unless they have no other options. The flight was bad, but not funny or interesting experience bad - just depressing and frustrating and not worth the money you pay for it. My food wasn't served until 6 hours into the flight (on my side of the aisle, the other side got served an hour or two earlier), attendants did not respond to the call button, and when they did serve you they did not speak, smile or even respond with a "yes or no" (when asked to bring water). Which was strange considering that had two shifts on board - so there was a lot of attendants wandering around, but none of them seemed to be working. The attendants ended up being more of a nuisance than service - because there were so many of them, they used the passenger's overhead bins in my area (4-5 bins, about 5 rows both sides) for their items and passengers were left with no space. In an attempt to hire as many nationalities as possible, the crew had no cohesion or chemistry - they split off into sub groups based on nationality/language and spent most of the flight gossiping and chatting with their friends. There was audible laughter when the screen popped up with a "what did you think of this flight", followed by several "terrible" from the rows in front and behind us. The in-flight entertainment system was dated and old; movies not modern and recent, and the Business Class lounge experience during the transfer in Dubai was atrocious and left a lot to be desired (again, on the service side of things). These are minor issues but the flight was so terrible that these other issues are amplified and made worse. If you're considering Emirates look at the reviews on this website, they have a 6/10 rating, which is lower than most other airlines.
  Frankfurt to Cebu via Dubai. We booked through a travel agency which gave us separate bookings for every person. Online Check-in should be standard and Emirates offers it. However, the Website is hard to navigate and it takes ages to load. Then, two of us (two out of five) could not check in online. So we went to the airport and checked in the classic way. We were checking in four hours prior to departure. The first Check-in agent was really friendly, but unfortunately, she handed us over to a colleague who was rude. We tried to get seats near each other, she said no seats available.  There are hundreds of people in the queue behind us and you tell us they all have seats and you can't change it? They didn't all do the online check-in because there were seperate queues. So we don't get seats near each other, okay. We go to the gate and there is the next problem: There is a pre-boarding area. They had to get us out of there two hours before departure. It was a mess. There, they could suddenly magically change our seats. So ground service seems to be good or bad depending on your fortune. So the flight was normal. Legroom was okay but not outstanding. Recline of the seat wasn't working. The meal was great. IFE had a awesome choice, but unfortunately there was two minutes of ads before every film. When we arrived in DXB, we went to the costumer service to ask if we could get seats near each other since we were spread all over the plane. The staff was again rude and not motivated at all. She said she could not do anything for us. We got to the gate and picked up some free ice cream form Emirates (That was great, keep it up!) on the way. There was again this strange kind of first stage boarding. It was a mess. When I got my boarding pass scanned, the agent told me I've got an upgrade. Now, I don't want to complain about the upgrade, but why didn't they tell us at costumer service? They scanned our boarding passes there, and all in all three of us five go an upgrade, one of which had a gluten free meal. So they have planned the upgrade in advance. If they would have told us, we wouldn't have spent two hours on the floor.  Onboard, the Business Class was in a 2-3-2 configuration with angled flat beds. If I had paid money for this Business Class, I would have been mad at myself to not have flown any other airline. The FAs were polite, but not going out of there way to be polite. The meal was good.  No FA passed through to take care of passengers except for the meal times. This is below standard as well as the seat. In the IFE, there is the same ad as in Eco.  All in all, I don't recommend paying for this.
 All sectors Kuala Lumpur to Gatwick via Dubai were on time. A380 cabin was spacious, spotless clean and the inflight entertainment was one of the best, no doubt. Inflight catering was above good and the portion was generous. The crew service was a big let down. Meals service took longer than expected as the flight was 99% full. Crews were unenthusiastic and clearly not interested in assisting passengers luggage during boarding and de-boarding. I chose this Airline for connectivity else I would pay slightly more to fly with another carrier.
  Toronto to Beirut via Dubai. What is the big fuss about Emirates? It was ok, nothing more than other airlines, actually the seat was not comfortable enough (business class) had part of the seat pressing against my arm left bruises that turned blue two days ago. That was because the seats are too narrow. Fly another business class and you will see the difference. Wifi was a trouble to connect to. I must say the A380 as a plane is impressive but the way it was designed inside was not the best. On my 2nd leg of the trip we flew the 777-300ER and what a terrible seating arrangement. I cant believe how they thought of putting the touch pad where you are supposed to put your hand letting you feeling you are tied during the flight. Very bothersome. Whoever is loyal to Emirates, I know they try to accumulate skyward miles, but you guys should fly other airlines business class and you should see what you are missing. In addition to the savings in your pocket. 
  
Dubai to Seoul Incheon. Everything was perfect, especially after getting an upgrade to first class. However the interior was an earlier one, everything was in perfect condition and worked perfect. ICE is still the best inflight entertainment system, Cabin crew was kind, helpful friendly and attentive on the level that needed. The cabin with the seat is comfortable and giving a great privacy to the travellers. You can easily work, read or relax without being interrupted. A real 1st class service.
  Writing review while in the aircraft to Dubai - EK 762 at 2158 Dubai time (24th September 2018) seat number 9D. Emirates business is deteriorating. 1) Check in: I had to wait at JNB because they were calling economy passengers to Business check in. 2) Lounge: Lounge at JNB quite good. The gentleman at d reception is rude and never smiled. In my over 100 lounge visits this year, never saw someone like him. He was busy on internet checking share prices. 3) Boarding: boarding was ok because boarding started before I came and mine was quick. 4) Flight: This particular business class experience is my worst to date. When I ordered a drink it took 20 mins. When I go to fetch it, the very rustic stewardess tells me she has to follow a certain order. And actually makes me wait another 10 mins before I get my drink. Food was shoddy from the first dish other than the apple tart. When I was sleeping they were celebrating with serving wine and other sweets to different couples, make them wear the funny Emirates hat and six of them including passengers were laughing away to glory while clicking pics. All this as promotion for Emirates when lights are out and people like me are trying to catch some sleep. Economy class, for third the price, offers much better experience. There is a reason why a Singapore or Qatar or Etihad get five star rating while Emirates can only make four. I am pretty convinced not to buy Emirates business class tickets for personal trips.
  Bangkok to Sydney. Was on overnite flight EK418 22/9/18 sat in row 44 behind a family of 2 kids. Parents did not try to settle their kids who were running along aisle and up the stairs to toilet for fun. Parents watched their movies and couldn't care rest of passengers couldn't sleep. Air crew remained silent. After 5 hrs of noise, one kid fell down screaming, someone started telling them off from behind. Then the parents finally settled the kids. Flight was late 45 mins, no apologies were made, I and few dozens missed 2 connecting flights to Melbourne. We were stressed exhausted and not happy. It also took 90mins to clear SYD baggage claim and customs. A horrible journey.
  Toronto to Dubai flight the A380 was comfortable and smooth with 10 abreast seating. For ultra-long flights the A380 and A350 are my perfect choice (with small premium). Service on board and IFE system was decent and flights left on time. Check in was breeze even for economy in Toronto. Some passengers have extra luggage weight and airline was strict in enforcing the limit.
  Dubai to Nairobi. Emirates has been my preferred flying choice for both work and personal even including my family as well. To be treated like the way I was came as a complete shocker since never ever been treated like this prior to this unworthy experience. I had arrived from my flight from Taipei (Flight EK367) and was connecting Nairobi via this flight. I had 4 hours and proceeded to shop at Duty free as mentioned above has been my trend. I had checked in one luggage of 23KG in Taipei.I shopped for Chocolates. Upon heading to the boarding gate, I was stopped by an Emirates staff  who demanded I weigh my luggage before boarding. I was irritated as I noticed other passengers boarding without being stopped to and they had more luggage. I assume this must be a routine check. My boarding luggage was 4KG excess. This was understandable considering the duty free items bought. I requested the lady to consider as I had only checked in one luggage and if need be, they check in my luggage. The lady suggested I speak to the gentleman. The gentleman would not hear of it! He was rude and started telling me if I want to complain, I can do that but I have to pay the excess! My luggage cannot be checked in! Since time was running out, I proceeded to pay for the excess luggage of 4KG. Upon waiting to issue my boarding pass, two gentlemen in front of me who were boarding had more luggage and the ladies (Different completely from the one who requested to check) told the gentlemen that they would check in their luggage without even checking how many luggage they originally had checked in! How unfair! When I started to complain, I was told time is running out and should proceed for the aircraft. The whole flight was a mess and I did not enjoy due to me being stressed out and worried about the funds I had paid whilst people in the aircraft had more luggage than me.Is this really fair?  I do not mind paying for excess but a fair check has to be done across everyone boarding.
  Sydney to Dubai. Emirates will make you pay for an exit row seat and refuse any sort of refund when they move you involuntarily at the last minute due to a broken seat. Unfortunately a very poor experience and I feel cheated out of the extra money i paid for exit row seats. I was told at the boarding gate as I was about to board that my 2 prepaid exit row seats ($360 paid extra on top of my normal ticket) has a broken entertainment unit. The boarding gate staff advised me that they can move me to a normal seat and refund me my $360. I was annoyed but confirmed with the staff member on the spot that he will ensure I get refunded. He assured me he will see to it and moved my allocated seats. 4 weeks has passed with no refund. I contacted Emirates via their website and explained my situation and they refuse to consider a refund - Basically I paid for a service that I did not receive on my booked flight. I will keep following up this matter with Emirates. They do not provide any contact details or means to contact them other than a very restrictive e-form on their website. Smart way to not have to deal with unhappy customers I would say.
  Gatwick to Dubai, shocking and horrible experience flying with Emirates recently. Firstly tried to call them numerous times as just a day before my flight my Partner had a bad accident, where one person or another kept saying yes we will sort but never ever did. Again I had further issues at the airport. Firstly the link they sent me did not open nor did I get a reply from this email when flagged. Then when we got to the airport the lady who checked us in stated to go to the lounge for us to receive the Wheelchair - when we got there I was disgusted by the service where the lady stated we cannot help you with this and said she didn’t have a clue on this service, so My Partner was in even more pain and agony as he had to have this lengthy walk. He suffered a lot on the flight as no leg room seat was neither provided. This is not the service I expect from Emirates or any other airline and I am appalled.
  Sydney to Gatwick via Dubai. Emirates market themselves as a premium airline and charge accordingly, the long haul from Sydney to Dubai was in a very old aircraft, the food on both legs no better than other airlines, staff and service the same. I have flown with Qantas and BA to London in premium economy for not much more money and much better food and comfort. The trip home will be interesting.
  During my flight back home to Singapore from Dubai, I was given 41 A seat, so happy that it's located in exit area seat which means a nice leg room. After almost an hour of flying, I decided to watch using the IFE, known as ICE. I was shocked that my IFE monitor is not working plus my remote control. I even borrowed the control of my seat mate to call the attention of the flight stewardess. After few minutes of "checking", they finally give up. After almost an hour again, they offered me to transfer seat. Initially, I'm hesitant because I love my seat and its pretty quiet, but I realized that without entertainment for more than 7 hours of flight will kill me. Now, I find myself at 67G, which is also an "exit" seat. When I turned on the IFE, it's working, only to realized that I'm in the middle of the plane which means near the 4 engines which makes my flight uncomfortable. Lesson learned, buy a noise cancelling headphones.
  Paris to Colombo via Dubai. On the way a seat that did not work completely, and more than average food on the way back. But a crew that was attentive. The lounge of Paris is very average, that of Colombo is zero, and that of Dubai gigantic, soulless but with a permanent service and very attentive. FR: A l’aller un siège qui ne fonctionnait pas totalement, et un nouriture plus que moyenne à l’aller comme au retour. Mais un équipage toujours attentionné. Le lounge de paris est très très moyen celui de Colombo est nul et celui de Dubaï gigantesque, sans âme mais avec un service permanent et très attentionné.
  Sydney to Christchurch return. Great service both at the airport and on board. The in-flight meal was very tasty and in generous quantity. Check-in staff at both Sydney and Christchurch airports were courteous, friendly, and helpful. Flight attendants were professional and efficient. I was impressed by their no-frill but pragmatic approach to customer service. Would definitely fly with them in the future.
  Cebu to Copenhagen via Dubai. Not an airline that cares about there customers. Almost everything went wrong, and Emirates do not care! As we take off from Clark to Dubai I got About 1 litre of water in my lap, so that I had to sit with wet pants most of the way, and on top of that, the entertainment system was defective. They did not have any food for my 16-month-old son, they would have had if he was on the bottle, but he is on solid food so my wife shared her food whit him, or what she got, for the only thing that they got was half a kids meal. So we had to buy some food when we got to Dubai. On the way back the boarding was a complete chaos we were but in a bus for 40 min. waiting or going around in circles, without any information, before we got to the plane, and there it looked like the one that had to be in front in the plane was dropped on in the back, and the other way around.
  Muscat to Guangzhou via Dubai. Everything was good in the inbound flight and there was no issue. On the other hand, my outbound flight had many issues. First of all, the agents who handled the check in were not polite and knowledgeable of English so that they can understand passengers and passengers can understand them. I had an agent who told me that I have 19kg excess baggage while I was sure that I have checked the baggage three times in my hotel and they were with in the limit. I asked the agent to double check and put them on the scale again individually since he was putting them all together and hand calculating the total weight. The agent refused to do so and refused to ask for his supervisor to come and kept saying "It is Dubai, Check with Dubai" He was about to return all the bags to me until I make the payment, I told him Ok check the bags and finish the check in so that my family and I will go and do the payment. He said "first make payment and then will check the bags"! He kept my family standing there with my children and I went to do the payment. When I asked the other agent also to go and check or ask that guy in the counter to check she refused and said the same "check with Dubai". I paid the $570 for 19kg which I really think it is ridiculously insane charge for 19kg. In front of the gate, several agents were collecting the carry on bags to check them in for free and they did check all my carry on bags that weighs more than 20kg. Then they asked to take my cabin friendly baby stroller to check in because they where not aware of this type of strollers, although I informed them about it and showed them how it folds but they did not listen and they were unaware of this type of stroller. I purchased this type so that baggage handling dont break my stroller. They lost one of my baggage and I could not get it before the Eid. Even some cheap airlines gives food that is better than the food served in Emirates airlines and they served the same food in both flights although they were in different times. The seat size is ok but the quality of the touch screen can be improved. 
  Beirut to Manila via Dubai. I booked my exit seat ahead of time and paid an additional charge of $150USD per way for the seat only to find out that the seat closest to the exit door not only had no window and felt very claustrophobic, but the seat itself was smaller and tighter then all the other seats. On top of all this the seat itself was defective as it would not recline and stay reclined. When I told the pursuer of this issue he said he will refund my money and file a complain but i neither received any refund nor did he show me any filling of any formal complaint. Actually i never saw him again throughout the whole 9 hour flight. At the Duty free airport in Beirut I had purchased some food stuff and other items  to hand carry to dubai. When i was boarding the flight from Dubai to the Manila a man stopped me and asked me to weight my hand carry, he said that the hand carry was acceptable since I already brought it from Lebanon but my Duty free items which weighed 7 Kg more was to be charged an additional $35 USD per kilo totalling $245 addition charge.  No one said that if you buy anything from Duty free you will be charged for additional weight.
  Entebbe to Dubai. The "worst experience" as posted before from Rhianna Miller can still be topped! Not only did we have same problems with not working TVs generating heat - unbearable dryness - non-english announcements, no meaningful security briefing - a mini veggie lasagne handed over without a tray for a 6+ hour stay in the plane - a seat spacing which was meant for people under 160 cm only - back rests which could not recline at all, no pillows nor blankets. I booked Emirates (EK2447) for their service quality, and got this horror.
 Do not fly Emirates! I booked a first class ticket Singapore - Kuwait. I ran through several issues. First, as a first class passenger I was unable to change my flights online (I had to go through the inconvenience of visiting the nearest Emirates office to do that.) Is this for real? And you expect me to return as a first class passenger Emirates? Second, the service was horrible! Can you believe it took them over 20 minutes to prepare breakfast for me? When I asked for the cause of the delay they claimed that it took time to heat the meal. However, when I ran back to the galley to take sugar for my hot chocolate I found 5 or 6 cabin crew having a meal and chatting together rather than looking after their first class passengers. I do not think I would ever pay again for a first class ticket for Emirates, nor do I recommend any one to fly First Class with Emirates. Very bad tasted has been left in my mouth. No compensations offered.
 Flew Beirut to San Francisco via Dubai. Not all of us can fly business across continents, and with the reviews I read on Emirates, I thought this would be the best option to travel to SFO in Economy. It's an A380 and the flight was extremely uncomfortable. Every inch was used and leg room was not considered, I am not a tall person! The food was below standards, and I can compare with many airlines, the cabin smelt unacceptable, over booked and way too many carryons to find a space for my own! I travel a lot and have experienced many airlines. It's a shame really that all this hype was for nothing. The A/C was visually clean, as were the restrooms, service was not too bad and the entertainment is what made me survive the flight. I was thoroughly disappointed, and will not be doing that again.
  Gatwick to Dubai. I've noticed a drop in customer service over the years I've flown with Emirates and now it's going back up. This flight was the second leg of two flights to and from DXB and LGW. Service was exceptional, especially ground service. Service at Dubai on the first leg was and is never as good as London, but still very polite. Seats seemed comfortable, and tv screen was new. Service was very good onboard. Food was yummy lunch of sausage peas and mash potato, and the beverage cart came round once and I noticed that they were skipping rows with the drink cart. Duty-free shopping magazine was OK. 
 Two more great flights with Emirates from London to Melbourne via Dubai. Check in at Heathrow Terminal 3 was quick and efficient and the lounge was marvellous especially for a plane spotter like myself. Boarding was smooth and a glass of nice Champagne offered before take-off. Staff were efficient and friendly and the food and wine offered were superb. Landed in Dubai and headed to lounge as the next flight to Melbourne departed at 2.20 am. Again a smooth boarding and even at that hour of the day a glass of bubbly was on offer and also the staff handed out hot towels and the mattress for the bed. Breakfast was promptly served and after a movie I slept for about 7 hours and then enjoyed a delicious lunch even though it was closer to dinner time at our destination. The multi national crew were fantastic. I usually ask where they come from and its almost like a mobile United Nations conference. Overall an outstanding pair of flights yet again and I really enjoy flying long haul with Emirates.
  Kuwait to Lyon return via Dubai. I usually fly with Qatar Airways in Business class but they don't offer this route yet. I was terribly unsatisfied with Emirates product on these flights. First, the 2-3-2 configuration on their B777-300 is outdated and lacks comfort and privacy. The seats are old and screens often don't work properly. On my flight from Dubai to Kuwait, on the A380, my seat was not even clean and i found toothbrush protection on the cocktail table. Second, on my 4 flights during my trip, only 1 crew was attentive and nice to me. The others were not caring about passengers and were snobby and arrogant. Dinner is served on a tray and food not nicely presented (i'd call it economy in business). As for beverages (I usually drink wine during dinner), you can't expect it to be served after you finished your dinner. The crew were disorganized. Last, the internet on board was not working on any of the segments. I am totally disappointed in this airline which markets itself as one of the best. I'll definitely be flying other airline next time and be treated as a business class passenger.
 Flown a total of 4 legs (Hamburg to Beijing via Dubai) with 36 persons together booked individually. Check In process was rather complicated because of pre-assigned seats but managed to pack the group together. Luggage drop off in Hamburg was very unfriendly and machine like by AHS staff with shouting throughout the terminal. But Emirates representative was very friendly and helpful with checking in 36 baggage pieces. Flight experience was superb. Several services were offered on all flights and asking for beverages in the galley was possible at all times. Paper menus were offered. Friendly and multi lingual cabin crew on all legs. Very caring for 5 ill kids throughout leg PEK-DXB. Greetings and good bye with not only professional smile. We were afraid of B777 10 abreast configuration - a bit tight but not cramped at all with 6'1" height. Living space in A380 was superb. Partly bad reviews could not be verified using Emirates on those 4 legs.

 The service provided by Emirates on both the outbound and the inbound journeys far exceeds what is offered by other carriers flying transatlantic routes to Europe from the East Coast. Both flights left and arrived on time. On both outbound and inbound we were offered two full meals (breakfast on outbound could use improvement), hot towel service, high quality reusable amenity kits, free alcoholic drinks, mood lighting (including a unique 'starry sky' effect when the cabin was dark), and top notch in-flight entertainment which included live camera views from the front and bottom of the aircraft. Economy passengers were also offered free in-flight wi-fi up to a certain amount of megabytes (more than enough to instant message friends and family on the ground with travel updates). All of this for a price that was significantly lower that that of US and Europe based carriers. This was my second time flying this route and I look forward to my next trip with Emirates.
  Colombo to Newark via Dubai. I started flying Emirates airlines beginning of this year, I was able to upgrade my seat to business class through their promotions on both my trips to south-east Asia. When it is possible to do so, I will plan all my future airline travels through Emirates. The business class service is elegant, the cabin crew is professional and very efficient.  There was a variety of gourmet food options(but I did skip some of the meals as I was not hungry). I thoroughly enjoyed the traditional local Arabic mezze entree. Business class comes with other perks, like the fast track through security, which allowed me to avoid long lines. Emirates sure sets a very high standard for traveling by air in style.
  Bahrain to Singapore via Dubai. Almost missed the connecting flight, have to run to the connecting flight, it was delayed more than 20 min in Bahrain, the aircraft aircon was switch off, citing problem with engines, it always happen in summer, shouldn't you know the problem during the last summer, why do it let it happen again? From Dubai to Singapore, have to ask 3 time for a class of coke, in the end after 20 min I got 2 glass of coke - it is not meal serving time it is not busy, cabin crew, busy chattering at the back of the cabin. I am in economy class, they ignore your request. In flight entertainment is good, enjoy the selection.
 I was disappointed with the way people were treated in the airport and on the flight. Got delayed 2.5 hours on departure, had to stay in Dubai airport for 7 hours at night for next flight. Again gate numbers were wrong and staff were not helpful, just caught the flight which flew to the Maldives then Colombo. 12 hours delayed. Very bad experience.
  Amsterdam to Male via Dubai. Disappointed. Somehow there is a myth that this is a great airline. Legroom is great as is the entertainment system. But with that all is said on the greatness. Flight delays are badly communicated (both to and from Dubai) and service is really poor. 2-2,5 hrs after take off you get served while having waited at the gate for 2 hrs (1,5 hrs delay) Cart is sitting in the aisle for 1,5 hrs before they start using it. No glass of water offered and on a six hour night flight you don’t wait for over two hours to serve drinks or meals. Crew not unfriendly but for far friendly. If I can avoid I won’t fly again. Maybe KLM has less legroom and entertainment but the crews are nicer and more attentive. Would advice Emirates to review training and food&beverage setup/process.
  Worst experience ever. I have traveled with Emirates from 15-08-2018 from Sydney to Bangkok and Bangkok to Dubai and then from Dubai to Sulaymaniyah. I have the worst ever experience travelled all the way from Sydney until my last destination. I chose the seat on An aisle. Once I get in to plane they gave me a wrong seat because someone else took it my seat. The crews aren’t good at all, the food was only one meal. This is madness travelled 15 hours only have one meal?
  Dubai to Houston. On flight EK 211 that was to leave at 9:30am this morning. Due to mechanical difficulties and poor maintenance capability it is 10:21pm and still have not boarded. There have been 6 adjustments to timing on this flight today causing me to miss meeting in USA due to poor service on this plane. Have been waiting over 13 hours thus far for this flight to take off. Extremely unreliable airline.
  Dubai to London. I have experienced Emirates business class product a few times over the last year and few things have been consistent: poor menu, rushed service, unpersonalized service, rude and poorly trained cabin crew. Any complaints made on their feedback channels (email, website, etc) go without response. For some reason, there is a pervasive myth that Emirates' product is among the top products in the market. I think the service in most airlines far exceeds what Emirates offers, especially in business class
  Hamburg to Melbourne via Dubai. Have flown Emirates for many years,  but not any more. Emirates staff at Hamburg Airport were rude and unprofessional to my mother, and the only redress they could offer was a cut and paste email. Goodbye Emirates.
  Melbourne to London via Dubai. Early start with EK 409 departing Melbourne at 5.00 am so arrived at airport at 2.30 am to check in. Ground staff were great but warned me that immigration and security would not open until 3.00 am! As you can imagine with a full flight there were hundreds of passengers lined up to go through this process. Was given a priority lane pass which made the progress much easier. Boarding was prompt but could have stayed in the lounge as it had an excellent breakfast menu and great seating. On board was offered a glass of French which at 4.30 am is the only way to start the day. Seat was more than comfortable and the staff were first rate. Breakfast offering after take-off included a healthy option or the more traditional fare of bacon and eggs etc. The crew now use an electronic form on smart devices to take your order. Lunch was served 2 hours from landing and again an excellent choice. Landed on time and after 90 minutes it was off to London on EK 003. Again the crew were welcoming and drinks offered before take off and orders promptly taken when airborne. More food served before landing at London Heathrow and landing was right on time. On each flight passengers are offered a mattress to put on the seat and in some cases an extra pillow. ICE system is brilliant and a great selection to choose from and the cameras on the aircraft are a must watch for landing and take-off. Overall a fantastic long haul experience with friendly crew and great service. Could not recommend more highly.
  New York to Johannesburg via Dubai. I accompanied my teenage son to a short internship in a private conservation area in South Africa. He was tasked with photographing all the researchers operating in that area and therefore had to take expensive photographic gear. We showed that gear to the Emirates check-in manager in New York, who gave us no trouble at all for carrying it on as hand luggage. Leaving Johannesburg, Emirates agents stopped us and the manager treated us terribly, telling us that we couldn't take the gear on the plane, that it was a safety hazard, blah blah. Our checked luggage was very light so we were not over in terms of the weight we were bringing on the flight. He told us that our only option was to sign a liability form and put the lenses in the hold. We might as well have thrown the gear into the street and watched the trucks run over it. This was the day before Christmas, and the airline basically threw us out to find our own way home at holiday time -- even though they had allowed us to fly in. We got no refund. We had to buy same-day tickets home on Delta -- and by the way, our hand luggage did not come even close to falling out of the overhead storage on that airline. I will never fly Emirates again.
  Colombo to Dubai. I wasn't blown over by the service orthe food. The plane was old and dated and tv screen didn't work, the rest of the staff weren't very polite and seemed tired and grumpy. I managed to put one movie on, but the screen was blurry and the movie was different than the original. The first leg was a better much newer plane with a working screen, the staff were politer and the food was better. Each time I fly with Emirates, the service goes downhill.
  Hyderabad to Amsterdam via Dubai. If you want to pay 210 USD for 7kgs excess baggage (14kg in total), then this is your airline. You’re only allowed 7kgs in cabin, including your laptop! This is ridiculous!
  Totally disappointed with Emirates on the flights from Manchester to Dubai, and from Dubai to Manchester on the way back. Flights to and from Singapore the cabin crew were very good but airplane was old and some of the touch screens were not working and also the seats were not very good. The experience at Manchester airport was horrendous- that wasn’t the airlines fault. Once we got onto plane the plane though the experience didn’t improve the stewards and stewardesses looked bored and could not be bothered with passengers. When they did come round it felt as though they were just completing jobs without a care as to how they do it! Also noticed that the kids meals were not presented as they used to be 2 years ago when I last traveled with them. Dubai to Manchester on the 31st of July- firstly flight we had booked was supposed to be from Singapore to Colombo and then to Dubai, they had overbooked and as a result offered us a direct flight from Singapore to Dubai which we didn’t have an issue with. Flight from Dubai was a different story the cabin staff looked depressed and really difficult to deal with. You would ask nicely but their responses were really short and every time it was a no! Having had 3 children with us they were given breakfast part of which was cereal, all 3 were given different cereals which caused problems as they all wanted the same one, when the air stewardess was asked if she could check if there was this particular cereal available her answer was no straight away without even checking. Overall we just feel as a family in future we would rather travel long haul with other airlines as Emirates service was terrible and reading reviews we don’t appear to be the only ones. Emirates have started offering a saver fare which if you book be aware you will not be able to pre select your seats. Inflight entertainment was some of the worst I had seen - some of the movies were really old! I think Emirates appear to have forgotten who they are competing against here, it appears they want to compete with budget airlines hence they are using their pricing tactics. A
  Athens to Newark. Really bad experience. Seats were super cramped. Food was gross,seriously subpar compared with other comparably priced airlines).  Customer service is hostile. There was no wifi - don't know why they are allowed to advertise that there is. Nightmare airline.
  London to Kilimanjaro via Dubai. Great in-flight service, horrendous after-flight customer care. Baggage lost for over three days, with bag never having left London. Emirates customer care trying to blame partner airline and refusing to take responsibility. After several calls manager finally admits problem, promises to take care of it and find my bag, keeping me up to date - and then was never heard from again. This airline is a disgrace. I finally found the bag through their partner (Flydubai) - who managed to track it down albeit the complete incompetence of Emirates. Poor service, poor customer care, poor handling, general incompetence - if you fly with them make sure you only have carry on.
  I traveled from Kuwait to Cochin via Dubai on 6th August. As per my itinerary my allowed hand luggage weight is 7KG. I traveled with 7 KG weight + my laptop this weight allowed from Kuwait during my check in, but from Dubai during check in time they charged for my laptop weight. I would like to know is their any separate rules for emirates flying from Kuwait and Dubai. I paid around 410 AED extra, but one thing I decide I will not choose Emirates again.
  London to Manila via Dubai. Here is an airline that has deteriorated in a spectacular fashion. I have flown with Emirates since the late 90's and had not used them recently. I decided to use them this year. What a shock! This was not the Emirates that I used to know and liked immensely. Their aircraft are dirty and their staff, both on the ground and in the air, are inept and downright rude. In my particular case, i originally booked flights from Gatwick to Manila, via a two hour stopover in Dubai. After paying for the flights, Emirates emailed me to say that the schedules had changed and I was now on a flight from Heathrow with a one hour stopover in Dubai. To be honest, i was somewhat wary of such a tight connection time but I (in hindsight) stupidly trusted Emirates to get me to my destination on time. Well, the inevitable happened. The flight from Heathrow was delayed, thus causing me to miss my connecting flight to Manila. Incidentally, having checked this particular flight (EK004), it appears that it has been late departing from Heathrow virtually every evening. I would love to know how many other Manila bound passengers have missed their connection in this way over the last three months. The Emirates ground crew at Dubai were next to useless, accommodating us in a shabby hotel in Dubai for a few hours and then sticking us on a Hong Kong bound flight that evening, to connect with a Philippine Airlines flight the following morning. In short, a planned 17 hour, 1 stop journey became a 30 hour, 2 stop journey. I contacted Emirates and asked why we had not been placed on the direct flight from Dubai to Manila that evening. We would have still been late, but at least we would not have had to connect in Hong Kong. As yet, no answer. In fact, the response from Emirates has been condescending and wholly unsatisfactory. The Dubai ground crew and the Emirates customer service office give the impression that they are doing the delayed passengers a huge favour by shipping them out on a little bus to a Dubai hotel for a few hours and then placing them on later, non-direct flights. The customer services rep in his email to me even had the brass neck to point out how expensive it is for Emirates to re-book us on to another airline at Hong Kong.  Here's an idea Emirates, stop re-scheduling passengers on to flights with almost impossible connection times and get your passengers to their destinations as advertised. In conclusion, we missed a late evening meet up with friends in Manila and I had to fork out £160 for new internal flights to our final destination, as we had missed our original flights in Manila. Any potential Emirates passengers out there, read these reviews and take heed. Avoid the headaches and book with an airline who actually know what they are doing. I certainly shall in future.
  We booked a connecting flight from London to Dar es Salaam via Dubai. Due to bad weather in Europe our plane was late departing and we spent over two hours on the runway. Consequently we missed our connecting flight in Dubai. When we finally reached Dubai there was complete chaos. There were 200+ other people who also missed connections and it was not clear where to go. We followed the crowd to the desk area for help there were only 4 Emirates staff helping over 200 people get to their final destinations. We were trying to get to Dar Es Salaam in Tanzania to meet a further connecting flight to start a 5 night safari. After after about a 45 minute wait we eventually got to speak to someone who said we could get an 8 hour flight to Johannesburg then a further flight to back to Dar Es Salaam. This would mean we would have got to Dar Es Salaam too late to catch our final connection and would have missed two days of our safari. Out of a 5 night safari this is a significant portion. When I complained I was told to stop wasting his time. Other people were also being badly treated. One other passenger found a replacement flight online and asked to be transferred but was told you've got your ticket don't speak to me anymore. Bearing in mind Emirates knew early on that the plane would be delayed they had over 8 hours to sort this out what they came up with was completely inadequate. It seemed everyone was being sent to Johannesburg. As the flight to Johannesburg was 4am the next morning we were sent to a hotel to wait. When we got to the hotel there were hundreds of other people waiting to check in as well. We queued in reception for over 3 hours to get our room but I'm not sure why we bothered as we had no luggage as this was still at the airport. Thankfully our tour operator Audley Travel managed to book us onto a flight to Zanzibar and then onto Dar Es Salaam in time to meet our final connection and only miss 1 day of our holiday and not 2. The flight to Zanzibar was with FlyDubai which is owned by the same people as Emirates. Why couldn't we have been offered this option by Emirates? You would hope this was the end of our bad experience with Emirates but no. When we went to come home we turned up at the airport in Dar Es Salaam over 3 hours before our flight was due to leave but were told by the check in staff that they could not print our boarding passes. The reason for this is because our tickets were out of sequence. It seems you have have to go wherever Emirates wish to send you in this case Johannesburg regardless of wether you wish to go there or not. We spent a further three hours at the airport in Dar Es Salaam not knowing if we would be able to go home. They said it was a security issue but they could clearly see our passports, they could see when we arrived in Tanzania as our visa was stamped with the date of arrival and they would have known our luggage had been transferred to a different flight. Only thanks to the persistence of the check in manager at Dar Es Salaam who spent over 2 hours on the phone and the immigration officials who sped us through security did we make the flight back home with only 2 minutes to spare. All in all I would definitely not recommend Emirates as an airline. It seems they can only run an airline if things run smoothly but are completely out of there depth if they hit a problem. The mark if a good company is how they deal with things when problems arise and in my view they completely failed
  Durban to Athens via Dubai. Emirates standards have dropped considerably. They don’t even have the food which they are offering on the menu, the menu offers a choice but when you choose the fish they say they don’t have. On this particular flight they even admitted they had hardly any of the fish option. On the next flight my wife was lucky enough to score the last chicken meal and I was forced to accept the beef. Also, the food was generally bland and I would hazard a guess they have changed caterers. They have also cut a few corners in the meal, for example the little chocolate has disappeared. They also didn’t offer the usual overnight packs (tooth brush, eye thingy etc)...when I enquired about this I was told they only offer these on flights exceeding 9 hours and the first leg of our flight was about 8 hours. This must be a new policy, as we have always received these packs. I have for many years regarded Emirates as the worlds best airline, but after experiencing these cost cutting measures, I will gladly forfeit my skywards miles and go back to Qatar or Etihad.
  Sydney to London via Dubai. Excellent lounge in Sydney with great choice of good breakfast food. Private window seat which forms a comfortable bed with mattress topper and big pillow. Crew pretty friendly and very attentive. Food excellent and lots of it. The bar at the back is good for stretching your legs and yet more food. Similar from Dubai to London, though crew less friendly.
  Newcastle to Bangkok via Dubai. I had a very favourable experience flying with Emirates. The cabin crew were hardworking and friendly, planes clean and modern, entertainment was top notch, food high quality and you aren't made to feel guilty for pressing the call button to ask for more drinks. The only negatives were the fact they ran out of the beef option on the Newcastle to Dubai leg and then the fact we departed Dubai almost an hour late, although this was due to passengers not showing up and needing their baggage offloaded. I would recommend Emirates.
  Los Angeles to Mumbai via Dubai. Food service on flight from Los Angeles to Dubai and return was one meal in second hour of flight and one pizza slice 2 hours before landing. This is what we were served on a 16 hour flight - they served soft drinks/juice and wine and alcohol 45 minutes after the first meal was served. Alcohol/wine is generally served 30 minutes prior to food service. The Dubai terminal was resembling a fish market. There were approx 120 seats near the gate. They are using A380-800 which is 475 to 500 passengers on a flight. The number of seats were totally inadequate. The staff serves food and drinks - but when you ask for something they dont have like Diet Coke/Diet Pepsi they say 'sir I have apple juice/orange juice' - They want passenger to believe they do not have Diet coke/diet pepsi. They are not willing to walk a bit and get the diet coke from the pantry for the passenger. Movies/TV shows were in large quantity but lacked quality. The staff do not clean the toilets on a 16 hour flight. This is not a premium airline - this resembles a budget airline.
  Paris to Dubai return. Cabin crew wasn't really attentive on both flights. I'm used to fly with companies such as Singapore Airlines, Cathay Pacific, Malaysia Airlines or Korean Air which provide an excellent service on board and I had similar expectations with Emirates - but I've been pretty disappointed. Regarding flight EK075 DXB-CDG, one of the boarding crew had a really aggressive behavior.
  Barcelona to Melbourne via Dubai. At the recommendation of the cruise company we booked with, who said they receive a very good deal with Emirates we had them book our flights. Prior to leaving we phoned Emirates to arrange seat allocations, after this was done we were informed that we were to be charged an extra $200AUD for this booking. After complaining to the cruise company they did pay this cost. This is the first time we have ever had to pay for booking seat allocations on any airline we have travelled on overseas. As my wife has a medical condition that prevents her from eating anything spicy we checked out the food options with Emirates and their representative was very understanding and recommended that the best option was a Western Vegan Meal, this was confirmed in a email from them. On the flight to Dubai/ Rome WHAT happens, my wife's meal arrives and if not the sauces then whether the fish,chicken,beef or pork all come out with curry in it. Regardless of complaints no other option available, no spare standard meal either. However, on the Dubai to Rome section when the same meal problem arose the cabin crew supervisor asked us for our flight details and said she would arrange to cancel this "vegan" meal option and it would mean my wife would have the choice of the regular meals on our return flights home from Barcelona. Somewhere in cyberspace this arrangement still lingers, for on our flight from Barcelona history repeated itself. Once again, No spare meals available so as before my wife had a whatever I could give her off mine, likewise the same issue came up on the flight from Dubai to Melbourne. Just to add insult to injury, as we were seated near the galley we saw meal trays dropped on the floor and the noise coming from there was loud to say the least, also we feel the toilets could have been more regularly checked as the basins needed cleaning and toilet rolls replaced as well as refuse bins emptied. Seated next to me was a young man with a liking for gin and tonics, He was seen ordering "doubles " e.g. two bottles at a time and also helping himself to the bar which was parked behind our seats. Added to this he decided it was more comfortable to squat on the seat with his posterior almost on the headrest of the seat. Of course what happened next was predictable, a full drink spilled all over me, so with using our blankets to clean up this mess and dry me off we needed two clean blankets. Request for same met with the reply that no spare blankets available, which meant we spent the rest of the flight cold no thanks to the air-con. However, just before arrival a flight attendant was seen collecting unused blankets and passed us with a large bag three quarters full of unused blankets, two of which I am sure could have been found with a little effort so we didn't go cold. Needless to say we will never fly Emirates again nor recommend them to anyone.
  Booked ticket to try out Emirates on a flight from Bangkok to Hong Kong to try them out. As a solo traveler I tried to check in online to secure a seat next to a window or a aisle. The online check in did not work, I showed up at the airport to check in 3 hrs before departure. No other seat than in the middle available. Disappointed, but it’s my first time and last to allow Emirates to disappoint me. Non-returning customer.
  Dubai to Paris. The service in economy class has gone down. There could be not enough staff but they seem to be in a rush to go at the back and chat together. they don't seem dedicated to their work. Breakfast served 3 hours before arrival, which for a night flight, means no sleep. Could be again a question of understaffed if not training in customer service.
  Dubai to New York JFK. My mother, family, and friends decided to pick Emirates as our choice of airline having hearing great reviews. We were all beyond disappointed at the service we received both going to Dubai and coming back to JFK, New York. When coming onboard we found our seats filled with about 10-15 blankets and 6 headseats and 5 pillows. This was the first image we encountered of Emirates. The flight attendant gave us the excuse that other people probably put them there, but never apologized (Aranza). We understand that we did not pay for “first class”, but that does not mean we should be treated any less. How does an airline not pack enough food for a 12 hour and 45 minute flight? Please help me understand.  It has taken years for a company to build its reputation, but seconds to destroy it! We were highly disappointed and I will be sure to never fly with Emirates ever again and will never recommend your airline! They do not project themselves to what they make it seem.
  Johannesburg to Jakarta via Dubai. All flights with the customer service, seats food, entertainment etc was good, but the onboard staff service looks inexperienced which is the only negative things. There is no chaos onboard but the crew expected to not help passenger if they need help. Then when I press the button then the crew told wait but 10 minutes called another staff but not at all. The good thing about this airline is the service has been improving since the last time I've flown with them few years ago. The shocking is about the staff service onboard which ignores the passengers. 
  Athens to Christchurch via Dubai. I booked tickets 6 months ago and found that I couldn't select seats on our homeward flights from Athens to Christchurch. I was separated from my children. Emirates staff couldn't care and were very unhelpful. It seems Emirates do this to make you pay for seats! Lousy Customer service
  Dubai to Ho chi Minh City. My baggage was missing. When I reached the destination, I was informed and I was on official tour. The suggestion I received from the incompetent staff was “your baggage can only come after 36 hours. You can trying buying clothes from there”. They have no understanding of customer needs. Leaving baggage is a practice they love. My baggage went missing again in July in another flight. Traveling through Emirates is just waste of money, time, and all you get is frustration. 
  I had a bad experience with Emirates customer service before in the past and it didn't change. I thought this was a good airline and happily purchased an unaccompanied minor ticket for my son which was expensive already at over 1700$. I gave all required information for pick up etc. to the airline and they assured me that they have all info. Unfortunately, on my sons flying date they needed more info (which they never informed me about) and tried to call me but never reached me and just didn't board my son. The next day I complained about this treatment and was forced to pay another 500$ to no fault of mine. They said I could get the money back through customer service. I did complain and stated my case but I only received an unfriendly rejection. Therefore this ticket cost me 2300$ which is higher than any other airline. In addition, my sons next day flight got delayed so that he missed the connection in Dubai due to Emirates fault. He had to spend the night at the airport to finally arrive another day later! This unprofessional treatment with poor customer service and delays is unacceptable. Last year I used Lufthansa with my son and no surprises/ unfair increase of rates/ no delays/ no problems- What a difference! 
 Dubai to Manchester. Disgusting flight. My wife and I were split up on check-in. Surrounded by noisy families. Cabin crew more interested in chatting to each other than actually serving. Flight delay of 1 hour + on ground but no water given until protest. Lousy food, lousy service. No better than Ryanair. Will not use this airline again.
  Rome to Dubai. I think Emirates is losing the plot. Service average at best. And for the second time in two weeks an A380 with around 450 passengers parked remotely. So around 10-12 busses sent on a 25 minute drive around the airport to reach the terminal. Very ordinary experience. Qatar Airways seems to win the war of the middle eastern carriers. And rightfully so.
  My elderly mom was traveling from Nairobi to Dubai through Emirates, final destination was Dulles. I checked her in when I got the email and booked seats for her. But when she got at the counter today 07/12/2018 the assistant changed her seat. When my  mom asked why she said she owes her no explanation it is her right (attendant). Now I wonder how is it her right yet my mom paid over $1100 for the ticket. That was rude customer service. Emirates, work on customer service at your Nairobi airport .
  Khartoum to Sao Paulo via Dubai, I found the service extremely good. I was upgraded to business class from Dubai to Sao Paulo (A380) and the service was  excellent: comfortable flat-bed seat, very good meals, cabin crew very kind and helpful, great in-flight entertainment. From GRU to DXB I flew in economy, the seat was  comfortable, in-flight entertainment excellent also in this case. I will fly with them again.
  I can’t describe how upset I am by being stuck on Fl Dubai plane for 5 hours with no food, drink, in-flight entertainment or internet. I did book Moscow to Hanoi via Dubai  specifically to fly with Emirates, that cost me 650USD one way, compared to Aeroflot 650USD/round trip which is direct, modern and safe anyway. I paid twice as much just to have an experience with Emirates. Instead of Emirates plane I found myself in an outdated shabby unsafe little aircraft. I never been send to a low-cost instead of a full service. How is that even possible a company like Emirates co-shares with a lower cost. By co-sharing I mean they stuck me on a lower cost, send one meal, 1 cup of free water and let me carry 30kg of luggage. There was no choice of food and the suggested free dinner, only one option, was not suitable for me, no free snacks available no nothing. I had to buy water and peanuts. I booked a ticket with Emirates for my husband London-Dubai-Hanoi round trip and he had an amazing flight despite his flight was longer and the price was cheaper. I don’t book planes which sell water and sandwiches and I would never in a conscious mind choose Fly Dubai for a 5 hours flight, seats were uncomfortable even for my 5 feet. It was freezing cold the entire time and no blankets available, I couldn’t even hear the announcement it was just cracking noise. The whole experience felt like a charter flight in 90s, I never saw flight attendants just sleeping on the back row on a 5 hours flight before, our departure was also delayed because of late arrival. I couldn’t even charge my phone up to 60% in 5 hours, the equipment was that old! I have noticed that my flight is operated by FlyDubai on behalf of Emirates on my ticket but I have no idea what FlyDubai is and didn’t expect such a con being pulled off by Emirates. FlyDubai is not the same level as Emirates, if I wanted to fly with FlyDubai, in my case Emirates is a middle-man profiting by using the brand to sell cheap flights at high price.  I complained to the customer service afterwards but they just blamed me on not researching what FlyDubai is. So I guess they are aware of what they are doing but hope that people will be just tricked and book a ticket because of Emirates brand on it. Second flight Dubai-Hanoi was also pretty awful, just got a sandwich, croissant and an omelette in 7 hours flight, was pretty uneatable, the plane was very shabby as well. And at the check-in Emirates even tried to put me on standby because the plane was overbooked, even though I paid for my tickets 2 months in advance. guess Emirates don’t care about their customers as much as they did.
  Auckland to Birmingham via Brisbane / Dubai. The B777 on the Brisbane to Dubai leg was cramped and dirty. The A380 on the Dubai-Birmingham leg had more leg room. It was A380s on the return journey to Melbourne. Having heard people rate Emirates I was so disappointed. Each flight was late (by about an hour each time) departing. The cabin service was poor. We were offered one alcoholic drink for the whole of a 14 hour flight. The food was so salty as to be inedible and being on a special diet for medical reasons I couldn't eat anything that the airports offered. If the baggage locker over your seat row was full you had to find space somewhere else which could be several rows back. The cabin crew refused to help. So no I never want to use this airline again. And I don't recommend them.
  Santiago to Sao Paulo. After my original flight from Latam being cancelled last minute (without an explanation from either branch in both countries until the next day after the flight would have left, I was forced to book a last minute (6 days in advance) cheapest flight I could find out of the country. I came across Emirates and booked a direct, roundtrip flight from Santiago to Sao Paulo for over $800. When arriving at my gate and waiting for my flight, my flight information was not up on the screen when it was supposed to be boarding. It said the UAE flight with whatever number (which, i guess in their defense was the same number as my EK flight) heading to Dubai was posted. confused, I looked at the screen of all the departing flights and mine was not mentioned. Remember, I was going to Sao Paulo, Brazil, not Dubai, UAE. I went up the workers at the Dubai counter asking them if they knew where my flight got cancelled since it would have been the same company. They said that was the same flight. The screen only said Dubai and had a different flight code. I never would have known that was my flight. We asked the workers several times to clarify that we were going to be getting off in Brazil since if they were wrong we would end up on the other side of the world. They confirmed again. I will compliment them on their politeness and calmness as I was definitely not very calm with them. Nowhere on the website, the check in online, my ticket, with the bag drop employee, or anywhere /one was it mentioned that the final destination was Dubai and Sao Paulo was just a stop over. Of course, when we were about the depart they were having brake issues for an hour, as well. Everything worked out in the end thankfully and they did serve a generous amount of food. But I would suggest posting (or at least notifying) passengers at least once of both / all destinations. I question now whether my flight was so expensive because of the additional destination that flight had and I feel slightly cheated. I don't recommend flying with them without speaking to them about all of the details of your flight.
  Maldives to Boston via Dubai. All I can say this was the first time I had traveled on Emirates. As much as I have heard of this airline, this was the worst decision. With 12hrs flight haul, it is understandable that the trip will be not very comfortable. But, with the crew on board that cannot get you water until to press the button on you seat 10 times and finally they get annoyed by the pings and decide to come ask you how they can help. As one attendant told me we are out of ice. just seconds later asked a different crew member they got me some ice. Seats are tight, you have to lift your shoulders and still touch the person next to you when eating your meal. I have took Qatar Airways before for a similar ling flight and had a very conformable journey.
 Flew Birmingham to Dubai. All Emirates flights have been full these days, but good for them for maximising profit. They handle a full flight quite well but expect to be sat in a centre seat if you are not very organised. But today they announced the flight was 'boarding' a full 45 minutes before it started boarding. This seems a bit dishonest? To be expected I guess but still lying.
 Perth to Athens. Amazing service from start to finish and definitely not to be missed. Everything about the flight was wonderful, the quality of the food and drinks, the comfort of the seats, the amenities, the in flight entertainment system and wifi accessibility. However it was the intuitive service from the fabulous Emirates staff which stood out, alongside the onboard shower. Thank you Emirates for a memorable flight
  Washington to Bangalore via Dubai. On all my flights, I am able to mention during booking the kind of food i would like on my flight. While booking my flight to go home, I couldn't do it on this occasion. Note that this was my first time on Emirates. I checked the website and all it gave was the menu and nothing else. Apparently, I should have given them a call and told them what I wanted for a meal but it didn't say so anywhere. It turns out that I was given fish to eat which i did, not knowing what it was. And when i raised a complaint with Emirates a couple months later, they blamed me saying I should have called them to say so. Nowhere was the instruction given that I need to do that. How am I supposed to know? During the flight, when I got a second meal, that's when I asked and they changed my meal, not even apologizing for the mistake they made. I only got to know after I got home that I had fish for lunch! Disgusting.
  Johannesburg to Dublin via Dubai. One piece of baggage delayed/not arrived. Other bag damaged lock broken and manual attempt to open from arrived status. No fast track personnel available at Dubai despite flight being somewhat late. To claim for damaged bag asked to visit site and process. Site not available for baggage claims. All above whilst flying Business Class
 Zagreb to Ho Chi Minh City via Dubai. Very long wait for check in, not enough staff. In-flight service was decent, food so so. My luggage was quite damaged though when landed, and as I was in a hurry didn't had time to report it straight away. All in all, not a great experience. Not gonna fly with them again.
  Rome to Dubai. An excellent flight on Emirates. Boarding at FCO on the A380 now faster, smoother thanks to the new departure gate at FCO with dual level air stairs. Nice welcome on board by smiling, professional crew. Took off 30 mins late due to late arrival of the inbound aircraft (due, no doubt, to delays at DXB during the morning departure rush between 07.30 - 10.00) but time was made up and we later landed on schedule. Someone says on earlier report that EK doesn't ask for feedback? There's a digital survey card contained within ICE or you can report your comments to one of the cabin supervisors. I did this as I wanted to comment on the fact that EK no longer offers a pre-lunch drinks service on this route instead combining the meal and cocktail service together. I understand why this is - some people want to eat as soon as they sit down - but it does make the initial part of the cabin service rather rushed, which is unnecessary on a 5.5 hour flight. In the past on this route ice cream was served about 4 hours into the flight but this has now been replaced with a sandwich and tea / coffee. Lunch, incidentally, was excellent (braised beef, gratin potatoes and the most delicious crumble for dessert), and I write that as someone who doesn't usually take the meal on this sector. Being extra picky here but it's a shame Campari is no longer offered as a cocktail in economy but good to note there was a selection of three different types of red wine. Everyone knows the ICE entertainment system is absolutely superb and caters for all nationalities / languages, I often watch Italian or French movies. This time, it even included live World Cup football. And the economy seats on EK's A380s are so comfortable and spacious. All-in-all another excellent flight on Emirates, an airline we've been flying regularly since they only had two or three planes!
  Hong Kong to Zagreb via Dubai. I am quite disappointed with the general experience with Emirates. The taste catering is bad and the sandwiches are too dry to eat. The seat is of average space, but your space will be highly deprived when the front seat reclined. The TV appears to be too bright and it hurts the eyes. I could not watch the flight information on some of the flights. The thing that I am most furious is about the online system of Emirates. The website lags and you have very few choice in online check in as all passengers are pre-allocated a seat before check in. Finally, transit in Dubai Airport is a disaster that you could hardly find a way and it seems to be messy. Fortunately, cabin crew speak fluent English and they are international.
 The booked flight was Gatwick to Wellington via Dubai and Auckland. The flight to Dubai was delayed by fog at Dubai, not Emirates fault, but no one to help us get to the right gate for the onward flight. Got on plane in time but it sat there for another 2 hours. Big rush to get from AKL intl. to domestic terminal but ongoing flight delayed for over 5 hours, no plane! The return journey was delayed at AKL by 6 hours due to tropical storm so missed connection to Gatwickat Dubai. Re routed to LHr via Rome. I have been trying to get compensation from Emirates ever since. Found out today that my airmiles for the return journey had not been credited to me either. Plane, crew, food and service is great, but their customer service is absolute rubbish, will never fly with them again.
  London to Adelaide via Dubai / Brisbane. I am very surprised that huge airlines like Emirates do not ask you to review them after your flight. Do they not want to know about problems or have feedback? Obviously not. I heard it was rated best airline but by whom? I have travelled with them and other large airlines but not been asked to vote for them good or bad. Well I review them as bad. It is not made clear during booking how much seat allocation is going to cost you until after you have paid for your flight (apparently hidden somewhere in the smallprint) You should have the opportunity DURING the booking process to add your chosen seats then you would not have to add them on extra later. I paid £180 for return flight for me and my child to sit together. That was just allocating the two cheapest seats together. The flights were £1500+. They told me I could book 2 seats together within 48 hours of flying for free if there were any left - thats if. The airport terminal in Dubai is enormous and we only just made it to the gate for the next leg on time. They need longer on the ground before next flight. Myself and my son, the people to my side that I could see clearly did not eat the food apart from scones. The green sausages looked like plasticine. The white sausages again looked and tasted of plasticine. It states clearly on the website all children travelling will be allocated child meals automatically 24 hours before travel. They do not. If I wanted my child to have child meals I had to personally phone on all 4 legs of the journey to book each one. It is not available to do this online, but meals like kosher and vegetarian are! Ridiculous. And when we boarded, after an hour of take off my son was really thirsty so pressed the bell for water - it took over 40 minutes for him to be attended and the people behind me kept pressing too but nobody came to them either. I will not choose to fly Emirates again, over priced and over rated. I've been with Malaysian Airlines and Qantas before and will go back to them next time as I never encountered one problem with either airline.
  Flew from Dubai to Seattle, and JFK back to Dubai. First on Boeing 777 to Seattle full flight yet comfortable. I managed to have some good sleep, food was good quality, served breakfast and pizza and lunch. Crew were friendly and very helpful and flight was smooth. Return was from JFK to Dubai another 13 hrs on A380, the space in economy is huge and comfortable lucky enough the only empty seat was the one next to me so had the space to stretch and sleep, food was very tasty and again crew were very friendly and nice. Once we arrived in Dubai since I’m a resident I was at the luggage belt in less than 5 mins and in 20 mins I was in the taxi on my way home. Was really impressed with the Emirates long haul experience since this is my very first longest flights ever and it was smooth and comfortable.
  London to Jakarta via Dubai. Had an excellent flight in Economy Class. The seats on the Boeing 777 are pretty narrow but on the A380 it was comfortable. The food was delicious. Both flight has a new entertainment system which is the best entertainment I have had. The crew were great and were friendly. Overall, I recommend this flight.
 Bahrain to London via Dubai. Our family often uses Emirates for our international flights and in the 4 years of being their customer we have never had a bad expirience. I often travel alone with 2 kids and I always find the staff to be very acomodating and helpful. Kids get their entertainment packs almost as soon as we find our seats, their meals come promptly, before other passengers and on-board nanny is always at our service. These particular flights were no different, lovely experience, perfect service, great planes and entertainment.
  Singapore to Dubai. In my opinion emirates still remains a bench mark for comfort / services and professional flight crew. The crew takes care of you and the entertainment on board (ICE) is legendary. You will never have so much options for movies, documentaries, and so one.
  Larnaca to Singapore via Dubai. Our flight from Cyprus got delayed more than an hour so we missed our connecting flight from Dubai to Singapore. As all other airlines do we thought that a group of flight attendants wold escort us to the new gate to catch the next flight, we also informed the flight attendants in our flight from Cyprus to Dubai to do so and they ensured us that this was going to be done and nothing to worry about. We needed to reach Singapore the following morning as we had a very important meeting arranged at the airport. However coming out the aisle none called our names and none would answer our questions on how to reach the next gate. They would only tell us that we missed the next flight as well and that there is no chance of us arriving on time to the gate to get the next one. After a lot of drama with the useless connection manager we lost a lot of valuable time with result of missing the next flight as well. It was simply horrible. Never experienced worse service in my life, not even with a budget airline. After arranging to stay in Dubai in order to have our meeting online we realized that we got an email from the airline that they rescheduled our seats for the following flight, and we could have made it on time if we saw the email earlier and not listed to the negative outcome from the unhelpful ''manager''. This is the second time this happened to my husband with this airline and we want to tell the travelers out there not to waste their valuable time and money well earned to throw it to them. Any other airline is much better!
  Dubai to Rome. The flight was rather comfortable and the seats were comfortable. The in-flight entertainment system is really advanced and good. There is a large selection of many things but they are missing a few. The food was good but not the best I've had on an airline. The staff and cabin crew were welcoming and helpful. However, the Wi-Fi didn't work for me.
  Kuwait to Houston via Dubai. Very bad customer representative at Houston airport, very rude while dealing with passengers. I asked her about the location of the lounge and twice with full ignorance from her side. Then she pointed to the location and started talking to her self that I should see how busy she are (she was not, boarding not started yet).
  Dubai to Boston. Very disappointed. Seat narrow, doesn't like flat, not very comfortable, although supplied mattress helps a lot. Inflight entertainment system was unreliable and difficult to operate, despite multiple screens. Food was terrible and surprisingly scarce. Was hungry getting off a 12 hour flight, which is a rare experience in business on most airlines. Cabin service was lackluster at best - this was the biggest surprise. I had a hard time getting a drink then was offered bourbon when I had ordered scotch. I didn't drink it and after many hours they took it away. Much later in flight, male flight attendant argued with me that the drink had been scotch not bourbon. (I'm pretty positive I can tell the difference) If there was a 'snack' offered late in the flight (that was on the menu) I did not see or hear about it. Overall I will not choose Emirates again unless there are compelling circumstances.
  Melbourne to Venice via Dubai. I have been flying Emirates for many years and always praised and recommend it. Not this time. And I am very angry and disappointed. I was wheelchair bound and when I arrived at the check in at Melbourne all seemed fine... until I have been taken 3 hours before my flight to the gate, gate 11 empty, alone and abandoned there. No water no one to ask for help no chance to go to a toilet as I needed assistance. When finally an attendant arrived to open the gate, I asked her if I could have a glass of water and needed a toilet she said there was none around and I had to go to another area. I was boarded and kindly a flight attendant on the plane helped me to the toilet and gave me a glass of water. She felt terrible for what I experienced but could not do much about it. She tried to make a sort of a stool with a bag to make me stretch my leg. When arrived in Dubai they told me I had to go to the service desk and tell them what happened. The guy in Dubai who took me on my wheelchair, instead, left me for a while “parked” while he was happily chatting with other friends until I waved to get his attention and asked again to be taken to the service desk. Finally at service desk I explained the situation and what I had endured in Melbourne. They said they would take me to the lounge to wait. The guy brought me to another plane where I was left, and almost missed my flight to Venice! When I received an alert from Emirates to go straight to the gate I tried to get attention again!!)!  Arrived at the gate they changed  my seat. Previously I had a seat with empty ones right and left to allow me to raise my leg and stretch it on other and I thought the change was similar. Instead they moved me to seats whose armrest was fixed and could not be lifted making it impossible for my leg to rest flat on the other seats. 
  Venice to Melbourne via Dubai. I am now on my way back to Australia and yet again experiencing the worst customer service ever from Emirates. Just before my departure I had received an offer to upgrade from economy to business for part of my return trip from Dubai to Melbourne for AU$ 1157 . As my leg had not yet healed ( did my way into Europe on a wheelchair) and although feeling much better, I thought I could do this effort and upgrade so that I could be more comfortable. Before my departure I tried several times to do the online upgrade but unsuccessfully, as every time i filled everything and clicked “upgrade” a message came out that “the system was down”! (Note that my card was more than capable of covering the cost hence it was not a payment issue ) Tried again before I had to catch my first flight but then I had to board and had to let go. Arrived in Dubai I went to the service desk where there was only single person available to do the ticketing service and was stuck serving a person for over 20 minutes! I had another person before me and I knew I would never had time to wait so I went to another side of the service desk to ask for assistance. The lady said no one else could assist and also that she knew for sure I could not upgrade with that offer anymore as I had already started the first leg. When I explained that I did try many times to do the upgrade online before my flight but the Emirates website did not work and a message came out that the system was down (so it was not my fault) they just said they could not do anything and if I wanted to upgrade the price would not have been the same! On the plane I asked again. They had quite a few empty seats in business but they asked almost 4 times as much as the offer I had in my email (asked around 3.500 US dollars for one leg upgrade on the plane! While my offer was 1157 Australian dollars for the same which equals to us$ 864) I am so angry and disappointed but, if you want to see this from a marketing point of view Emirates has lost both in image and in money. In fact those seats have remained empty and Emirates has now another very upset and angry customer who has been loyal for years. Emirates has gone so downhill lately which is unbelievable.
 Cape Town to Melbourne via Dubai. Check-in and boarding in Cape Town were smooth. The flight to Dubai on a B777 was pleasant, with a comfortable seat which had adequate storage, and excellent food. The service was efficient but rather formal. The IFE on this flight was quite clunky. At Dubai we were bussed to the terminal, but as there was a dedicated Business Class bus this process was quite painless. Both the terminal itself and the Emirates lounge were very busy just after midnight. The second flight on an A380 was a big step up in luxury, with a more spacious seat, much more storage, more friendly cabin crew and very smooth IFE. Something went wrong with my vegetarian meal order, but it was cheerfully fixed. All in all a good experience.
  Brussels to Tokyo via Dubai. Plenty of flights with Emirates the last few weeks with several round trips to Sydney, Brisbane and Tokyo. Being a Platinum member, Emirates upgrade me from Business to First every 4-5 flights. I rate Business class on the A380 above Business on the 77W, but also better than First. The seat in First remains awkward. To me, Emirates are outstanding for route network, lounges services and catering, website booking/managing, chauffeur pickup, seat comfort, onboard wifi, crews, and of course their unique ICE inflight entertainment. Where Emirates do not get their act together however, is for inflight catering, which remains surprisingly awful also in First. I always eat at the airport before my flight. Not sure why this is so difficult as Qatar, Cathay and Singapore Airlines do succeed in providing their premium passengers with great food.
  San Francisco to Mumbai via Dubai. I have flown Emirates to USA last year and to Toronto this year and was really happy,but this time on my way back from San Francisco, the crew were very lethargic. Drinks we're served only once in a 16hr flight can you imagine?  Worse from Dubai to Mumbai my 4th trip same airline on that route. This time they started service after 45 min of seat belt sign going off, slow and gloomy faces and No drinks.  They said they have no time, they offered only wine. I'm thinking twice of flying Emirates again. And the food on SFO Dubai was very bad hard and uncooked. Emirates has gone down.
  Washington to Delhi through Dubai. Everything looked fine until I reached Dubai Airport before gate. My luggage was weighed by Emirates staff (One cabin bag and a laptop bag) and I was passed through. At next stage a female staff informed that I couldn't carry my cabin luggage as there is not much space inside the flight and I will need to Check-it in. I requested to carry it inside and explained it had original property documents which were very important and I couldn't check it in (I even opened my bag and showed her that there were only the documents). While I was talking to her the Supervisor came to me, grabbed my luggage in very rude manner and took luggage back to weighing place and told I am not allowed to take a laptop bag. I explained that it is mentioned on my tickets that one carry-on item such as laptop is allowed. He said your other bag is heavier than allowed limit and I will need to pay the money for that. I told it was already passed from Washington Airport as well as here (Dubai) also. It looked like that other staff there was also not comfortable with his behavior.  Finally I requested him to let me go and I will pay the additional charge. After a lot of request and paying the amount he allowed me and told the staff to check in my luggage and didn't allow in the flight.
  Jakarta to Moscow via Dubai. Emirates ruined my vacation. Had a really awful experience with Emirates. On our way back from Jakarta to Dubai our flight was cancelled and Emirates never notified us. As a result we showed up on time of our original flight only to find out that Emirates moved us to an earlier flight without notifying us. Emirates refused to sit us on another flight and we had to buy new tickets back home all the way from Jakarta to Moscow. Even after that incident for 3 months already I’m struggling to get a confirmation that my flight was cancelled to get a compensation from my travel insurance company. And for 3 months I encounter the heaviest bureaucracy I’ve seen in years. And zero result. Never again I will fly with Emirates.
  Hyderabad to London via Dubai. We have experienced first-hand how high-handed Emirates has become lately. We are told to check-in our carry-on luggage at the gate just before entering the flight in Hyderabad en route to LHR via Dubai. Once we reached LHR one of the checked carry-on bag went missing. We got our bag finally after 3 days of minimal communication from Emirates, only to find out our laptop got stolen along with other food items. Emirates did not inform us about missing stuff when the bag got delivered. Their customer service  responses were canned and totally put the blame on us for checking in the bag. Such a shame! 
  Flew Dubai to Lisbon. If you are looking for a comfortable seat, don’t fly Emirates. The seats were in very bad shape and had almost zero padding. Furthermore, despite paying quite a substantial amount for the exit row seats to ensure we had extra legroom, on the Dubai to Lisbon leg, the space we paid for was constantly filled by passengers queuing up to have their photographs taken with Emirates service staff. This practice, which appeared to be encouraged by Emirates staff, resulted in great inconvenience to ourselves and many other passengers. The choice of entertainment was also below par.
  Manchester to Durban via Dubai. I upgraded with miles to business class on both legs and qualified for the chauffeur drive at both ends. Business class is something Emirates does extremely well and the A380 business class product in particular is outstanding. B777-300ER still good but a 2-3-2 layour (instead of the 1-2-1 on the A380), seats don't lie 180 degrees flat and no personal work space/minibar. Attention from cabin staff, food etc great. Lounge at Dubai was in one of the smaller terminals so not as good as the main business class lounge but connection was short anyway. Overall well worth the miles upgrade
  Amsterdam to Melbourne via Dubai with Emirates in May 2018. It was genuinely a disappointing trip and  confirmed just how overrated Emirates is. On the AMS-DXB sector, every Cabin Crew member genuinely looked like they did not want to be there. People would move out of their way in the aisle to make way for the crew and were never given a single smile or "thank you" of acknowledgement. They were far from friendly, could not crack a smile, and appeared like emotionless robots. The seats were so uncomfortable and you could feel the framework of them beneath your behind because the seats had been sat in so many thousands of times without re-upholstering. That's not very comfortable for a 14 hour flight. The entertainment system was a joke. Please don't get me started on it. On not one, but both sectors, there was no recognition in their system that I had requested a vegetarian meal, so I was lucky to be graced with "untouched leftover" vegetarian meals on both sectors, but only for one meal on each flight. The Cabin Crew on the first flight couldn't stop reminding me how lucky I was and that it was my fault and patronised me, repeatedly saying "mmm yes, just next time you must request your meal beforehand." They seemed to have not listened to a word I said. Regardless, there was not even a vegetarian option on the actual menu. 
 This was my first experience with Emirates, and I was surprised how average it was. Maybe expectations were too high, but this experience was just not as good as Emirates promotes itself (best airline? Really?) The aircraft was not new and a few seats were damaged. The cabin was not clean. The staff were not friendly, and once they totally ignored my request for assistance. Entertainment system was not very handy: the touchscreen was not working properly on both flights, so I had to use an old and an uncomfortable joystick. I didn't like the selection of movies, either - there were many movies in the database (including Asian, Bollywood etc) but all of the Western movies were more or less of the same genre. Same with TV shows. The dinner was very good, however, only one real meal on a long haul flight was not sufficient (only an old sandwich was given before landing). There were no snacks or beverages in between. No amenity kits provided. There was wifi onboard; 2 hours free. On a positive note, you can check-in 2 bags, 32 kg each. Overall, it was all okay because Emirates flight was the cheapest one among all flights available for this route and date. I would be very disapointed otherwise, though.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. This was truly a flight to remember. The seat went beyond comfortable; it was luxurious. This was a short flight, so my interest in the IFE was limited to the flight map and the external cameras - what a treat! There were so many flight attendants assigned to the business cabin that the service was personalized and super attentive. Once again, I enjoyed the lounge food so much that I had little appetite left for the elaborate onboard meal. I ordered the "mild" chicken curry. I should known that my interpretation of mild and that of the Thai catering service might vary considerably. I had contacted Emirates customer service ahead of the flight with a special request. Their communication was exemplary, and they accommodated me beyond what I Had hoped for. The only drawback to this flight that I can comment upon is that it has spoiled me for flying with anyone else. I will have to adjust my expectations.
 From the Emirates lounge in Glasgow all the way to Adelaide everything worked well. The flights were good and the transit in Dubai was fine. The first flight had excellent service whilst the flight to Adelaide the staff weren't as attentive. Good airline and I would use them again.
  Dallas to Dhaka via Dubai. Nightmare in the Sky! Horrible Experience! The flight from USA to Dubai was a chaos! They have messed up the seating arrangement for most of the passengers. They changed my assigned seat. It was an aisle seat but they changed it to a middle seat. And again changed it back as I complained after boarding the aircraft. The interior of the aircraft looked old and not clean. The worst part was food. Chicken/prawn curry with rice. These were my options and I choose chicken curry.  Snack was a small pizza which was a joke. I was hungry for the whole duration of the flight. The ticket was expensive so it was surely not a value for money.  It used to be good but now it is a hell in the sky if you have a long flight. Never again.
 Hong Kong to Bangkok. Departure delayed by an hour due to a technical fault which could not be fixed with another Emirates A380 due to fly HKG non-stop to DXB three hours 25 minutes earlier. Some passengers from that flight were transferred to ours. But why that should have resulted in a lengthy delay to our flight beats me and was never explained. As a result we had to sit on board for over an hour before push-back. Once again I found the revised upper deck layout with 100 or so Y passengers in front of business class especially annoying, this time with what seemed like a major raucous party taking place just a few rows in front of my seat. Having travelled for much of the day and connected in HKG, I found it impossible to relax, the more so as the plane was being refuelled and the lighting full on. How come refuelling took place after the scheduled departure time given that our aircraft had arrived in HKG several hours earlier? Although hungry, I skipped dinner as midnight was just too late for me. All I wanted was try and sleep but even that was difficult with the short flight time. I appreciate that technical issues do occur and I felt sorry for those who had to be involuntarily rerouted via BKK and would as a result arrive late in DXB by six hours or more. For those of us who had elected to take the Bangkok flight, though, this was maddening! The lack of detailed explanations was even more so.
  Munich to Jakarta via Dubai. The quality and service with Emirates has gone downhill within years. Upon arrival in Munich, I am informed that one of the seats in the A380 is damaged and been told to change the seat. In addition to that, customer ignored the seating requested. The seat is damaged was located in the window seat and only middle seat available, because it is a full flight. Never experience like this before on other airline. The first food was edible and the second one (before landing) was awful. The entertainment on my seat was broken, asking staff for help but ignored this helped. The WI-FI is free for several minutes but you must pay again after that. Last leg on DXB-CGK this is at least better than the MUC-DXB route which everything works fine. The service on the A380 was unacceptable with lack of customer support who decides on changing seat for the customers that flies the A380. In the future, I will avoid their A380 because of this issues with IFE etc. I have sent complaint to the airline which I’m still waiting for any replies about this experience.
 My flight on the outward journey and inward journey was late and we had to run the length of Dubai airport to catch our connecting flight. Dubai airport is huge and my husband has trouble walking let alone running. Cabin crew on return flight from Dubai to Manchester were dreadful. We were 3 and a half hours before a drink was offered but we could clearly see the staff in the galley eating and drinking and have a good old laugh. They said nothing when a man walked up the aisle cleaning his teeth with toothpaste and a brush with disgusting bits flying over the other passengers. A horrible experience from start to finish.
 Birmingham to Bangkok via Dubai. First flight, on time boarding done very efficiently due to empty flight. Crew were very nice telling passengers sat in full rows that there were free rows scattered around the plane that they could move to. Plane was brand new, great seats, great entertainment system. Food was 50/50. On time arrival into Dubai but delayed due to having to go to a remote stand and taking a bus that took 40 minutes! to get to the terminal. Got to the terminal and realised I left my onwards boarding pass on the plane but the staff issued me a new one very quickly. Second flight boarded on time as well however, we were an hour late taking off due to the weather but the crew made up for it. Like the first flight, crew were excellent and the food was a lot better on the 2nd leg. Sat on the upper deck, definitely recommend it as the more private cabin and the side compartments are really good. Overall, great experience with Emirates.
  I had prepurchased a seat for extra legroom, but the layout didnt state that the seat is next to the staff kitchen/pantry. And because of this, I receive constant noises and laughter from the staff, even when the public lights are off, waking me up at several times. That's not all, I had paid for extra legroom, but people are constantly knocking my long stretch legs over, causing me to retract my legs all the time. Hence, the irony of purchasing an extra legroom when in fact, I don't get any throughout the flight. To make things worst, there are 2 staff seats opposite our seats, so during landing and take off, 2 staff will be sitting there. And because they are sitting there, I have to retract my  legs again. I'd paid for extra legroom, but in the end, it was a terrible experience. Never again am I going to prepurchase a legroom at the sides of the plane, especially from Emirates. Terrible experience. As for the other experiences, most of the crew were ok, they will serve and do their job, but lack the smile on their face. Not that they look rude or unhappy, it's just not the expression you will receive in flights like Singapore Air. Inflight entertainment was good, great contents, but the touchscreen was terrible. Touchscreen is based on a mouse cursor on screen. If you touch a particular button, you need to do it a few times so that the cursor will understand that it should be at your thumb. Hence, a difficult screen to control.
 Auckland to London via Dubai. First time to fly on Emirates and was expecting excellent service for a big airline fleet. I was disappointed. The flight attendants seemed unhappy and unenthusiastic with what they are doing. They seemed robotic and lacked human compassion that I’ve experienced with other airlines. The seats are cramped with little leg room that I couldn’t even get pass (seated on the window side) without having to wake the sleeping person next to me. I know that economy class isn’t really first class service but I had the best time flying with Qantas!
  We flew from London to Manila via Dubai and back. Boarding wasn't stressful. Legroom was good and the seats had a good recline. It was enough for me to sleep when I needed to. However, I did get very numb towards the end of the flights. At 8-9 hours per leg, this wasn't unexpected. The quality of the food was good. I had the gluten free meal and my partner the normal. Both flavour, variety and good portion sizes. I didn't feel like the gluten free option meant I had substandard food, so I would take this into account if you have any intolerances. The entertainment was very good. We were spoilt for choice for films and TV shows, and the inflight status was a nice extra. The larger screens were on two of our flights, and were much more responsive than the smaller, older versions on our other two flights. For the smaller screens, we just used the physical controllers, but these were easy enough to use too. All of the staff were highly professional, prompt and courteous. We had a few smiles as well.  All in all I'm very happy with my experience from Emirates. The flight weren't cheap at £580 return, but there were many cheaper options available. I'm glad we chose to pay the extra £100 for Emirates as the extra comfort went a long way for such a big journey.
 This flight was the typical Europe to Dubai flight. Every aspect of the flight in the hands of Emirates went well. The Emirates driver picked us up spot on time and delivered us to Amsterdam airport where we quickly dropped our luggage. (We were already checked in using the Emirates app which is very user-friendly). Departure was on time and we were actually more often addressed in Dutch then when flying KLM! There was a large contingent Dutch-speaking flight attendants on board. Even the captain appeared to be Dutch and all announcements were made in Dutch, English and Arabic. Priority cards were given for immigration in Dubai which went quite fast especially considering the huge amount of flights arriving around midnight in Dubai. Luggage was quickly delivered and we were driven by an Emirates driver to our hotel. Whatever negatively influenced the experience was Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. Unhelpful and unfriendly security agents, an overcrowded Aspire lounge and a total chaos at the gate.
  Taipei to Dubai. The crew is always busy with something else on the plane instead of attending to the passengers. My light was on for the entire beginning of the flight and no one attended until I called a flight attendant. There was one compartment was open for the beginning of the aircraft descending and we had to call them to make them aware of how dangerous it is. The bathroom was dirty and not even enough toilet Paper. No crisps no chocolates no peanuts but biscuits! Everybody doesn’t want a roll if you just want to nibble and then you bring your own snacks when you already paid for a ticket and there is Not enough breakfast or lunch or Dinner of Choice.  They serve disgusting food, I am a westerner not an Asian and they offer me noodles as not enough western breakfast? They look at you like you are from another planet when you ask for snacks or Drinks. 
  Singapore to Paris via Dubai. Our seats were changed without notice.I would like to clarify that the seat from Dubai to Paris was already allocated to us in Singapore Changi Airport. Our seats was arrange seated together. When we arrived in Dubai, they replaced us with another boarding pass. As for the luggage, They damaged my luggage with one wheel missing and replaced me with a smaller and Low quality luggage. 
  Dubai to New York JFK. The service was very good, the crew was efficient and responsive. The condition of the toilets was very, very poor. The number of passengers using the toilets warrants that someone clean the toilets, including the floor, at regular intervals during a 13 hour flight. It is not sufficient to clean only before and after a flight. I realize crew may not see this as within their job but there is something off kilter about handing out scented warm towels, booties and toothbrushes but expecting passengers to use filthy toilets.
 Bangkok to Istanbul via Dubai. I’ve used Emirates for connecting flights several times and decided never to use it again. I recommend everyone to avoid a connecting flight in Dubai with Emirates. The airport is huge and making a transfer in the airport requires a lot of time and patience. It is always very crowded and even finding somewhere to sit except restaurants or cafes sometimes impossible. There are always long queues for security checks. The terrible flight experience in my recent flight proved it: Emirates recommends to spare at least 1 hour for making transfer in Dubai. In my latest flight from Bangkok to Istanbul, the connection time was 1hour 15 minutes. The flight from Bangkok to Dubai delayed 45 minutes, which means that I will definitely miss my flight in Dubai to Istanbul. Despite this fact, ground staff in Bangkok reassured me that I would make the connection and there would be a ground staff at Dubai airport waiting to assist for the connection flight to Istanbul. When I arrived at Dubai airport 45 minutes delayed, the ground personal informed me that my seat to Istanbul was cancelled and handed me the voucher for a hotel and food. She told me that my flight would be tomorrow at 2.30 pm UAE time. With no further assistance she left. I had many more troubles in the latter times of my journey. The response I received from the customer service regarding my complaints were not satisfactory and disrespectful. My latter complaints were totally ignored. Other issues with this airline: Their seat layout 3-4-3 seat, which means the corridors are thin and the cabin is filled more passengers. It makes you feel claustrophobic. One annoying thing about their entertainment system is that you have to watch several commercials before the movies or any other videos. Yes it is cheaper compared to other airlines and maybe should be listed in budget airline category.
 I used to brag about using Emirates but no more. Had two bad flights with them this time. Dirty tray tables, blocked toilet sinks, dirty toilets and two broken seats. Seat would not stay in one position, every time I moved the seat reclined. Interesting the cabin crew tell you seats must be in an upright position for takeoff, if it IS broken they don’t care! Had two broken seats in two flights. Customer services don’t care unless you are what they want (Business and First class). Not wasting any more money on them when you can get a budget flight at a fraction of the cost and the same service.
  Birmingham to Cape Town via Dubai. Booked flight online for myself, partner and my 16 year old daughter only to be asked at check in for her birth certificate and a lawyers letter to enter South Africa. At no point during the flight booking did it flag up the fact these documents were required. The man on check in  kept referring to the need for a visa to enter South Africa hence the requirement for paper work. You do not need a visa to enter South Africa. Surely the need for birth certificates etc should be flagged on entering each passengers DOB to prevent this happening. I contacted the South African immigration whilst the man continued to deny my daughter and told that they would have had no problem allowing my 16 year old daughter to enter. Still she was refused. The customer service manager did not even take the time to listen to us. He appeared to take great delight in shattering my daughters long awaited visit to South Africa. Well done Emirates.
  Dubai to Bangkok. Emirates have an economy class seats on the upper deck of their A380. I got the chance to reserve the seat in advance. The upper cabin is spacious than the lower cabin with 2-4-2 layout. Add to that the side storage bins for those seating in the window seat. The flight was full because of the Songkran Festival in Thailand. Drinks and a small pack of biscuit was given right after take off. Lunch was serve almost two hours into the flight which i guess is a bit early for a 6 hour flight. Drinks and wet towel were provided before we land. The front lavatory on the upper deck are spacious. Unfortunately, those seating on the upper deck cannot go down the lower deck to roam and stretch their legs. Emirates' ICE is was superb. I got to enjoy the view from the plane's outside camera.
  Hyderabad to New York via Dubai. Emirates standards have really dropped. Cons: Emirates b class lounge in terminal b in morning time is a joke. Food is consistently bad in these lounges and there is no a la carte. There is not a single chair to sit on. Horrible experience. Very noisy with spoons and plates clattering all the time. There are a ton of food options but all of them mass produced and on a hot dish. In flight experience also Emirates has no a la carte concept. Either you chose from that menu in those 3 hours or forget about it. No good soups or mild flavours they again gs for quantity over quality. During the entire time of 15 hours cabin crew is going by back and forth making sleep difficult. TheWorst part however is the fact that there is lounge in JFK. This is simple not acceptable. They give a 40 usd voucher which you can Use in any restaurant but almost all restaurants were closing. So I had a glass of wine and fries in McDonald’s. This is unacceptable. Pros: flight attendants on all sectors were very nice and tried to make up for an old and tired airline. Overall unless you aren’t price conscious or have to use up some old miles stay away from emirates
  Muscat to Zurich via Dubai. I love their excellent service on the ground and in the air, the best inflight entertainment system; excellent crew, food and wine on board is superior. I  cannot fault them.
  Zurich to Muscat via Dubai. An excellent trip with Emirates from the chauffeur pick-up in Zurich till arrival at Muscat. Wonderful travel in comfort and style on the A380 and B777. Excellent fast track in Dubai and smooth airport transfer from Gates A to Gates C. No delays and both flights on schedule. Wonderful cabin crew, super friendly and attentive. Food and drinks were great and IFE amazing. 
  Sydney to Christchurch. Incompetence of Emirates check-in personnel that may cost me over $400 On April 8, 2018, my wife and I were travelling on EK412 from Sydney to Christchurch. We were carrying an expensive PC as a gift to our daughter for her graduation from the university that we purchased in Australia and we planned to claim tax refund. It’s a common knowledge (and a common sense, too) that goods need to be produced to a tax refund officer to obtain tax refund. To our knowledge, at Sydney Airport tax refund office is located beyond check-in, immigration and security and I intended to bring the PC there. The box was pretty bulky, and I was told that I had to check it in. It was a natural question that I asked the check-in assistant – how was I supposed to produce it to a tax refund officer if I do that. The junior assistant who was checking us in didn’t know the answer and asked her supervisor by name David. David assured us that producing receipt to a tax refund officer was sufficient to claim tax and that goods don’t need to be necessarily produced if they’re checked in, so we checked the box in along with our luggage. At the tax refund office, the officer requested me to produce the goods besides the receipt, which I was unable to do. The officer then said that I had to produce it to a tax refund officer located before check-in point, of which the airline should have informed me. When I replied that the airline advised me that the good don’t need to be produced to a tax refund officer and producing receipt alone is sufficient to claim tax refund, the officer still accepted my claim but it’s now up to decision of the main office in Canberra, whether I will receive tax refund after not being able to produce the goods. Thus, the incompetence of Emirates check-in personnel in matters of tax refund may cost me over $400 if my claim is ultimately not entertained. What are you going to do about this, Emirates?
  Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore. Bought Emirates tickets but fly with Qantas and Jestar. Used to fly Emirates and the services was pretty good so we went back to Emirates. Both Qantas and Jestar was ok too but this whole codeshare thing had really ruin our family trip. Ticketing was not transferred properly from one airline to the other airline and we have had to scrumble to find our own way. When customer purchased a ticket from one airline their expectation is solely to that particular airline. Otherwise we could have chosen other airlines. Nearly missed our flight. Treated poorly at counter and was told it was ticketed by another airline so we didn't get to choose seats, food or nothing at all. Essentially a subclass customers. We did not know nor had chosen Qantas and Jestar. Not once heard of Emirates other than paying more and handed to other airline including a budget airline.  We have had to carry our infant on hand despite empty seats are available. It was horrible.  Totally unacceptable.
 Aircraft interior space including food and beverages were more than average. But the service by the ground and cabin crew were terrible and not acceptable. Unbelievably, they do not respond to the guests. They do not say a word other than "commands" to guests. They talk only when they have to instruct guests. I did not hear thank you, welcome, sorry, even when they forgot to distribute food and beverages to us. Not sure it is their culture or lack of company training, but, they looked quite rude to me. Furthermore, older aircrafts we flew with the seats were non reclining, with touch screens where cursors pointed at where I did not touch with a hard to select menu. Delta or other US airlines are much more friendly and polite.
  London Heathrow to Dubai. Overall an excellent flight. The IFE was superb and plenty of latest movies to watch. I had a window seat and there did feel like there was a lot of room - I think the A380 does it for me. The food was delicious, although my friend and I both wanted the lamb but there was a shortage so were given the chicken with gnocchi - which was very good. The staff on board were very good and helpful.
 This was an absolutely fantastic experience on Emirates first class from Dubai to Manchester on EK17 on April 8th. Its been a while since I last flew with Emirates. When compared with the likes of British Airways, Etihad and American Airlines, Emirates wins by a mile. Todays flight was excellent. The First class cabin was lovely, the onboard Spa was truly refreshing and spacious. I was well looked after by the head purser on this flight. The food and beverage offer were of high quality, and last but not least, the ICE entertainment was phenomenal - you are literally spoilt for choice. The chauffeur driven services in both destinations were excellent and extremely useful; a superb feature when travelling premium. The only downside is the Wifi connection is slightly slow and sluggish. It is complimentary however when travelling premium. I would recommend flying with Emirates again and cant wait to fly again with them. Well done for a fantastic service!
 Flew Hong Kong to Dubai. In general, the service of Emirates has been bad on my recent experience, that included check-in and in-flight. But what makes its service appalling is not just the no desire to help and no smile, it’s the cabin crew’s attitude of too proud to serve the customers. Honestly, I can withstand bad service from an airline, but an inappropriate attitude is something that prevents me from choosing Emirates again, as I don’t think any customer deserves that.
 Flew Emirates from Bangkok to Zurich via Dubai. After having been on Gold and Silver status on Emirates and having become very dissatisfied with especially the service in business class, I was very hesitant to fly Emirates again. This time (in economy!), I cannot complain at all. Both flights were full full but staff were pleasant and friendly. A nice change from the arrogance the staff often display in business class!
  Manchester to Cape Town via Dubai. We chose to experience Emirates based on their reputation, despite taking a longer route via DBX. Apart from the usual issues with the in flight entertainment screen, the flight was fine. Cabin temperature could have been slightly warmer for comfort. The second leg from Dubai to Cape Town on an older 777 was much less than perfect. On one of our seats the overhead light was not working and given this was a night flight needed. Whilst on the stand I reported this to a member of staff who told me that they could not move us to another seat as we were a couple. We had the usual issues with the in flight entertainment screens with random actions and scrolling cursors. The area we were seated in was extremely cold and my wife ended up using four of the airline blankets to try and be warm enough to get some sleep. I went for a walk around the economy area and found in all other areas the temperature was adequate. We appeared to be sat below an air con portal blowing cold air. This affected say ourselves and another dozen or so passengers who could be spotted by their huddled looks with coats and blankets. When I asked about this I was told that “Computer says” it’s 25 degrees. In our zone it was probably about 12 degrees. The member of staff was dismissive. It would have been bad enough if they had agreed but apologised that nothing could be fixed in-flight. I decided to seek the supervisor. In regards to the heating they did accept there was a fault and that staff should have not tried to ignore the issue. On the matter of the overhead light they said that we could have been reseated in row 50 as there was space at take off. They agreed with comments about the issues and the poor customer service. They said they would take immediate verbal action with staff in flight and would file a report regarding my issues at base. They presented me with a business card without names on and an email address to write to. On arrival in Cape Town I sent a comprehensive report to the alleged customer service email on the business card. I received a curt rejection pointing me to the on-line complaints form. Emirates customer complaints response indicates that their target is to respond in 30 days. Having heard nothing before we were heard nothing before we were due to fly back home. On my return via Johannesburg, I asked to speak to the Emirates group side manager, to see if anything had been planned in response to our complaint. After a long period of time the manager informed me that it was with the UK Customer Relations unit and still under investigation. To date still no contact some 37 days later. On the return trip home my wife encountered a problem with a member of staff pointing her finger to get out of the way effectively, without saying a word. Another poor PR exercise was a steward reading a tablet and in the hearing of others selecting a passenger individually and indicating they were a frequent customer and if there is anything I can do for you my name is...  My general feeling is that Emirates is resting on its historic reputation. Having flown Qatar Airways they are still maintaining customer services a better standard. In short not worth the effort of flying Emirates!
 This was my first time traveling with Emirates and couldn’t recommend them highly enough. The service was first class and the staff were welcoming and friendly. On our return flight my friend, a very anxious flyer, was reassured and regularly checked on during the flight. I will definitely use and recommend the airline for future flights. Thank you to the cabin crew on the Dubai to Glasgow flight on Saturday 7th April.
 Terrible service. Crew members were all too proud to be serving customers - no smile, no thank you, no please. I don’t know if this was arrogance or they were simply too proud to be serving customers. There were supposed to be a choice of main course, however, all I got was ‘grilled chicken’ without being offered a choice and the meal tray was passed from behind me so I had to turn my back to take the tray. Totally unprofessional. I don’t know what the hype is about with Emirates. I will never travel on Emirates again unless I have to without being offered a choice. I also want to mention that the check in staff at DXB was terrible. Again no smile, no welcome, no nothing. Basically not interested in serving customers.
 Emirates have become a low cost carrier. Flew Christchurch to Sydney on A380 in business class, EK413. Whilst this is a short flight I have paid a premium for business class, Emirates are now at a race to the bottom for service. The A380 business class is the new economy class. There are so many people to cater for staff can not handle it. No pre-dinner drink offered and had to ask twice for a drink. Staff were rude and unfriendly. Dinner was inedible and no drink service, again had to ask for a glass of wine and by the time it came out it was the end of service. Last time I flew Emirates I had noticed the deterioration of service. I didn't think it could get any worse.
 I was travelling Dubai to Mumbai. At the time of check-in I forgot my passport pouch at the check in counter. I realized that when I was about to board the flight. I got in touch with the ground staff and they helped me in finding my lost pouch within very short time. I really appreciate the ground staff effort.
 Ft Lauderdale to Hyderabad via Dubai. Emirates is the worst airline I have seen so far. Their staff force customers from economy class to pay extra for luggage. I have checked in 2 bags and have a carry-on bag and a laptop bag with me. I had a stop in Dubai. They checked the weight of carry on in Dubai. I made some shopping in Dubai duty free. They are checking even duty free weight and charging extra for that. They made me pay 200$ for 2 kgs extra which includes duty free weight. I will never ever travel again with Emirates.
  Bangkok to Sydney. The boarding time was incredibly confusing with the boarding process slightly disorganised. We were  greeted onboard with champagne before take off. Once airborne, the dinner service was incredibly drawn out from taking orders to serving the dishes and drinks. From what I can see most of the cabin crew looked tired and wanted the process to be over, with not many smiles going around only person stood out when she introduced herself. I managed to get 3-4 hours of sleep as the seat was quite comfortable but I can see the hard product is ageing. Breakfast was very unsatisfactory, basically fruit and bread which is nothing exciting for me to talk about. The IFE was amazing, with its many options I was entertained the whole flight. Overall, the experience was very average and not up to scratch and by far it's my least favoured experience with Emirates in a premium cabin.
  Gatwick to Bangkok via Dubai. The car arrived 15mins early on an icy morning, very nice driver who took a slightly longer but safer route to Gatwick. Orderly at check-in, swiftly through security and into the Emirates lounge. Breakfast with newspapers and excellent coffee. The lounge staff are always subtly cheerful. Uneventful flight through to Dubai. The ICE entertainment and Wifi excellent. Easy transit to the business lounge and boarding connecting flight is directly from the lounge. Slept most of the flight into Bangkok, but woken by cabin crew in time for breakfast. Arrived on time. Fast track voucher gets you through Bangkok Suvarnabhumi immigration very efficiently, very long queues outside the priority lanes. 15-20 min wait for baggage to arrive. Emirates driver waiting at exit 5 as usual, immaculate car with the day's papers and bottles of chilled water at your disposal. I use this service 4-5 times a year, it is just so reliable and excellent value for money.
 Flew Amsterdam to Dubai. Emirates has some of the laziest cabin crew in the industry. The quality of their service has been tanking for years now and whereas small details used to set a new standard, most of these details are no longer offered. I have flown Emirates many times and somehow they never manage to leave on time - and rarely do they make up for lost time. This flight for example landed 40 minutes past schedule. When you leave later and spend more time on board, details start to matter. Like for example how long it takes before meals are served. But even as important as when the meal trays are collected. The first they try to stall for obvious reasons, they used to serve 2 meals on these flights and now 1 and some crackers. The later they serve it, the less obvious the difference. The second causes unnecessary annoyance. When you’re in a window seat and have to wait for 1 hour and 40 minutes for them to clear the trays - and you have to use the toilet - you’re going to start having doubts about their service. Their crew are more occupied getting to know each other and sharing party stories than being involved in the service they should offer. In the absence of alternatives like Qatar Airways, you’re almost forced to fly Emirates to most of the Middle East, which is another annoyance. I am starting to give up hope the Emirates of the 2008-2013 era will ever return. They have become a very ordinary airline with nothing special to offer except a large screen (which I don’t even use because I prefer to sleep).
 Flew Johannesburg to Beijing via Dubai with Emirates. Very disappointing! No coffee was served. I asked 3 times for a cup of coffee but didn't get it. The 'breakfast' consisted of frozen pieces of fruit which had been too cold to eat for someone who has got senstive teeth. The croissant was dry and nothing to swallow it down. Only tea was served. I don't drink tea.
 Flew Phnom Penh to Yangon. Excellent in all respects. In particular, the plane appeared very new/clean, and the IFE was outstanding - large size screen with excellent choice. You could even watch live Premier League games. All cabin crew were extremely friendly and obliging, clearly taking pride in their jobs. The only negative was the price, Emirates had significantly raised the price of the flight from a few weeks earlier, when I previously took the same flight.
  Athens to Newark. Overall good, but nothing really special. I was excited to book this flight, it was my first time flying on an Emirates flight and I couldn't wait. Everything was good, in terms of food, comfort, service etc, I found cool the Amenities Kit, but the expectations were so high, I wouldn't say I am fully satisfied. On top, it's great it's a direct flight from Athens, but you land to Newark, not JFK, and it's a bit tricky to reach NYC very late at night.
 Flew Emirates from New York JFK to Milan. The flight itself was good, but! This is a big but! They do not call groups, they form lines like cattle and make you wait! In my case 40 minutes standing in very warm conditions, 10 minutes late. I am extremely unhappy with their boarding process, horrible.
  Dubai to Rome. I'm so disappointed. I have been flying with EK since 2002 and in the last 3 years i have seen a constant decline. It has now hit the bottom. Travelling to Rome has been a disaster from the start. At online check in, i could not find seats next to my 9 year old son. I couldn't book his seat without paying extra 50$ (my seat was free because of skywards) on top of the 900$ premium cost of the ticket itself (seriously this is what you claim in your radio ads favouring families). Called the call center. First time i was told there are no seats available (yet the app shows seats on rows 22, 23, 36 and 50). The second time I was told these seats are not eligible for children (seriously? bassinet seats not eligible?) and third time i was asked for 90$ to change my seats. Bottom line, no longer worth the premium paid. It used to be worth every cent extra, now even FlyDubai offers a better service (and you dont even pay for seats at check in!) Sad,  demise of EK myth.
  Chicago to Chennai via Dubai. I really had a very bad experience with Emirates.  I didn't know that number of bags reduced from 4 to 3 and the front desk people asked me to arrange bags and charged me 10lb extra weight fee of $50 and verified my cabin bag weight(8kg). After cleared the security, I bought some duty free stuffs from Chicago ORD airport and there is no question in Chicago airport boarding.After I reached Dubai when I board Chennai Airport Emirates staff asked me to weight cabin bag and duty free stuff and they said everything has to be placed in the cabin bag. They kicked out me out of the queue and asked me to arrange my luggage. I spent 10-15 minutes to arrange everything. After arranging every stuffs they said my cabin is overweight (includes duty free stuff). They suggested to reduce weight by throwing some stuff in trash or return duty free stuffs. Since the duty free stuffs I bought from US I couldn't able to return and they said I need to pay fee then only they can let me in. Staff behavior is totally not unacceptable, Emirates staffs are trying to steal money from customers my saying you have addition weight on your luggage. Staffs didn't say anything about the price detail and they charged me USD120 which more than the dutyfree stuff/10lb extra weight. Finally I saw my card was Charged $120 for $80 dollar stuff. This is my worst travel experience ever. If you have a policy then why are you allowing the duty free in ORD airport and not Dubai. If the duty free stopped in ORD airport I would have returned in ORD airport. Since the duty free stuffs are allowed in ORD I couldn't able to return in Dubai and I am force to pay. I am returning back to US today and restricted my baggage today to avoid any confusion but there is no cabin baggage verification or weight check happened today. Few of the economy passengers have both Cabin luggage and back pack and some of them have cabin luggage, back pack and Duty free from Dubai but no one was checking. It's looks like Emirates strictly applying this to Indians who is going to India from Dubai and try to get huge amount of fee. I still not convinced after today's flight baggage weight monitoring.
  Athens to Newark. On a scheduled 11 hour flight from Athens, not once except with meals were refreshments offered, including water, and beverages, etc. This was a flight during daylight hours so the cabin crew did not have a reason to not offer drinks. When a person requested a beverage it was obvious that the cabin crew was annoyed with the request, even though their ads on the inflight entertainment was stressing to stay hydrated during the flight. This was just the opposite of our experience on Singapore airline where the cabin crew came through about every 30 minutes offering drinks, sandwiches, fruit and candy bars including Toblerone candy bars. I was surprised n the difference in service between Emirates and Singapore Airlines. We encountered the same lack of service from Newark to Athens as we did on the longer return trip.
  Cape Town to Phuket via Dubai. Very robotic service. Crew indifferent. Qatar is far more professional and provide a better service. The only good thing is the entertainment on Emirates. Used Emirates because of the fare. If you get can a cheap fare then I recommend Emirates, otherwise Qatar is my preferred carrier.
  Hyderabad to New York JFK via Dubai. Business class seating, comfort is great. But the service is appalling, really disappointed if this is the kind of service we get in Business Class - what about Economy? Skipped my dinner - mentioned the hostess that I will skip dinner but will have breakfast later and also mentioned what I like to have for breakfast. She noted it down and breakfast time came and went and I kept waiting for mine - at about the end of the breakfast hostess explains that the breakfast what I ordered is not there and I have to pick something else. Couple of things here, they decide to come and tell me that they are out when the flight is about the descent to the destination, and hostess who knew that I skipped Dinner does not bother to come and explain the same earlier. Regardless, I had lost my appetite by then - asked them to not bother, but they insisted to get a hindu meal(as that was the only thing available), but that turned out to be stale. So they were successful in making me fast during the flight. I would think twice before I fly emirates again....
  New York JFK to Abuja via Dubai. I had a terrible experience. When I got to Dubai, I had to pay 130USD (455 Durham) because my hand luggage was overweight by just 3kg.  Emirates keep advertising duty free stuff on board and when people buy, they  insist they pay excess when they have a connecting flight. There is absolutely no value for money, with the long trip of over 20 hours from New York to Nigeria, and the airline exploiting passengers, I am never flying Emirates again.
  London to Lahore via Dubai, flight was fantastic. The aircraft was like new, the food was very good and so was the service. Plenty of space and great entertainment. The connection was on a Boeing 777 just as good. On the way back from Dubai I was shocked to see that in the whole A380 (EK29) there were only 46 passengers. We should have been given a free up grade. Book early for cheap flights.
  Brussels to Chennai via Dubai. Major concerns regarding Emirates flight and ground staff support at Dubai. My mother was traveling Emirates from Brussels to Chennai with stopover in Dubai. Knowing her medical condition, I ensured she would have a wheelchair from departure to destination for each flight. Due to her medical condition, she’s unable to walk. This wheelchair was once again confirmed prior to her flight. And again after her flight experience. Each time an Emirates representative told me that her wheelchair is booked all along each stop. However on 23rd February 2018, upon arrival in Dubai, she wasn’t given a wheelchair, instead ground staff rudely told her she had to walk as they couldn’t accommodate her a wheelchair.  Did not expect this from Emirates. As a result my mother was helped by 3 other passengers who helped her reach her connecting flight.  At this point I’m besides myself and have no words to express my fury over Emirates and its customer service. On her return flight on March 6, we had made multiple calls and emails requesting the highest level of wheelchair (apparently Emirates has levels of wheelchairs). Yes once again, she was denied a wheelchair at Dubai airport. Instead, Ground staff made her walk. Emirates have no customer service skills nor respect for their customers.
  Chicago to Chennai via Dubai. I  travel business class and always take carry-on luggage, a carry-on suitcase and a backpack.  In my backpack I carry my iPad, laptop, and occasionally a camera. I have travelled many airlines all business class with two carry-on pieces. For the first time, I was stopped at the Dubai Airport at the gate by Emirates gate agents and asked to pay an additional $80 dollars to get on Flight EK542 to Chennai on February 24 because my carry-on luggage was apparently over the weight limit. At the same time, there were a number of other business-class passengers who were allowed to board the aircraft with more than two carry-on pieces or carry-on pieces that were larger than what was allowed. I was not asked to pay extra on any of the other flights on this booking. Only on this flight going to Chennai. I pointed out that I was coming from Chicago, had no check-in luggage, and the check-in desk in Chicago had no problem with my luggage. I also pointed out that I travel business class all the time on many different airlines and this is the first time that I was being asked to pay extra at the gate. They would not listen and forced me to pay an extra $80 on top of the business class fare before I could board the flight. This was unfair given that they were not enforcing their rules strictly for other business class passengers.  I am now very reluctant to fly Emirates again.


 On my 8.35 am flight, March 3 from Dubai to Zurich the sound was not working. What a horrible experience. Not only mine 44C, but also 44 A and B. Flight attendant said he would bring another ear piece, one hour later he said he forgot. Told him it's the jack that was not working, not the ear piece. One hour later, he brought another ear piece, then one more. Smarter supervisor listened and said that it unfortunately was the jack that was not working. Offered to find another place to sit, but they forgot. 7 hour, boring long flight.
 Only a two hour flight from Phnom Penh to Yangon, so food and drink, while OK, was limited. Was very impressed with Emirates, based on: Plane appeared to be new and very clean. Very friendly/professional attitude of all cabin crew. Excellent IFE, good choice of movies/games etc and very big screen. Return flight was just as good. Would definitely recommend Emirates.
 Milan to Dubai. On one hand I was lucky to have on the side the middle seat empty and that has definitely ensured more comfort. However on the other side WiFi wasn’t working (not the airline’s fault, just some technical issue). The food was excellent and so the wine. Chicken breast in economy class is normally very dry. This wasn’t the case and the mushroom gravy was great. Great service by the attendants, always alert and ready to help. Large screens, plenty of entertainment and great movies. All this made the flight very pleasant and makes me want to fly Emirates again sometime soon.
  Due to weather conditions, my flight from Birmingham to Kolkata via Dubai got cancelled after 3 hours from check in at the airport. While other airlines were distributing food coupons after the delayed flights Emirates said they'll transfer us to hotel in their coach. We stood at the conveyor belt and collected my luggage which were distributed between two belts. We came out to find out that there is no coach, no hotel. Emirates made the promise while they were trying to arrange for hotels, they either don't know their verbs or plain lied. Their latest version was 'we are suggesting you go home and we will contact you when you are rescheduled'. A flight can get cancelled due to weather conditions but can a reputed brand act such foolishly and keep lie conveniently and put their valued customer in a vulnerable situation. While UK came to standstill I was dragging 50kg luggage in snow all by myself at 10pm in the night.
  Hong Kong to Dubai. I was sitting in 42C (originally sitting on 42B but changed seats by someone else) on the aisle. The flight was really full that it was trying to get all travelers from Hong Kong and nearby cities to Dubai. The boarding gate was fair that I need to take the train to my boarding gate.  Cabin crew were nice and ready to help us. The meal selection included either Chicken or Beef, which I chose the Chicken with pasta which I think the taste is fair, not really good at all. I had ordered their cup noodles as well but it was neither taste well . The ICE flight entertainment is really good, however the hardware was not so adapted into it. The plane was quite old and they use the setup which years ago does. I could understand with that but I think it's time to get some renovation on that plane, which they could change to the setup on their Boeing 777-300ER. After some time of sleep, the snack came with Beef sandwich with drinks. Even though the sandwich was dry, it tastes better than the dinner. Before the flight landed, some travelers attempted to change seat even though the belt sign was on for a while, the cabin crew had to yell to stop them but those travelers changed anyway. The flight arrive Dubai almost an hour earlier than expected. Hope next time I will have better experience on this flight.
 Flew from London Heathrow to Dhaka via Dubai. I have been flying with Emirates for a long long time and I love their service. Their A380 is fantastic but their 777 service on the Dubai to Dhaka flight did downgrade a little and they should improve on that so it is how they used to be on that route in the past. Their Dubai to London service has been amazing as always. Would recommend this airline.
  Travelled from Birmingham to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai, with a 24 hrs stop in Dubai on return. Chauffeur came on time as arranged. Lovely chap. Got to BHX. Dropped off directly outside check in. First time at this airport and not impressed. Lounge is small with a selection of warm food. Struggled to get reception to use mobile. Seat 20A although business class felt claustrophobic. Food was nicely presented. Wasn’t too keen on starter (the chicken mango confit) main Opted for duck which was lovely. No amenity bag given on day flight. Which is a shocker. Flight was full as such the bar area was packed. Arrived at DXB connecting flight in concourse B. Business lounge seem like a free for all where they allowed anyone in. Over crowded and not enough seating. Showers busy, dark and outdated. Flight to KL seats better. Night flight food was breakfast. Had the omelette which wasn’t overly nice. Arrived on time. Had to get train to the baggage hall. 1st one to arrive. My flight companion bag came off 1st. However due to error by BHX not labelling my bag correctly with business tag it came off around an hour later with the economy passengers. As such missed my connection. Anyway return journey in business lounge in KL very small. Showers were a bit worn out and not clean. Food was barely warm and limited. Night flight and managed to get a few hours sleep. Breakfast served was same as on way in therefore wasn’t too keen. Just had hot chocolate and cake. Arrived 4:30am. Had 24 hrs in Dubai. Freshened up in lounge then went into Dubai city. Final leg was departing from concourse A which was world apart from B. It was much cleaner. Less crowded and overall better. Showers nice and clean. Was offered slippers too. Food was more fresh. There was a nice white area with a lounge chair where I managed to get a few hours sleep before the flight. Boarded return to Manchester. Again night flight. Breakfast options so slept all way. Best sleep so far on the 4 sector of the journey. Maybe because I was tired. Service good, food fair Business lounge-concourse B poor, concourse A good. Value for money reasonable Overall reasonable, but Qatar business class considered better based on this experience.
 It looks like Emirates are picking up again. Fast check in in Düsseldorf and also in Manila. Like almost always cabin was nearly outbooked. However cabin crew were friendly and helpful on all legs, food was good. All flights have been in time. Cabin was clean and in good condition. IFE as always second to none.
  The crew on Emirates are superb, staff that look like they  love their jobs. It was the little touches that made a difference like taking a Polaroid of the kids for them to take as a souvenir, or wearing "Happy New Year" head gear as we were flying on New Years Eve. Seats had a lot of leg room. I was sat next to the window and didn't feel claustrophobi, probably as the plane's walls don't curve in so much on the lower deck and the windows are so large. Main problems were the IFE wasn't working properly - plus  the system was trying to offer too much (i.e. loads of films) without much thought gone into the execution and ease of use of it. Other problem was the food. Really appalling! Was happy to go hungry instead.
 Emirates is known for being bad but having to stand in a queue for 1.5 hours to board was a step too far during a Feb 18 flight Oslo - Dubai. It was the same for Business Class. Passengers were going crazy, understandable given the situation. I fly Emirates once a month and points system is also the worst globally. This is why I avoid Emirates wherever possible. I also messaged the Country Manager of Emirates for Norway and Iceland), he was aware of issues but not willing to do anything to make up for the farce. 
 We've had a pretty good experience. The lounge in Amsterdam Emirates shares with other airlines is nothing to write home about. The A380 is a marvellous machine, though the seat arrangement is not couple friendly if you want to sit next to a window. You can only sit together in the middle rows. The service and the food were as expected. The sky bar is a fantastic gimmick except if you want to sleep with your seat close to the bar. Choose a seat away from the bar if you want quiet. Our connecting flight departed from Terminal C which we did not particularly like. Lots of construction going on. The Emirates Lounge offers less amenities than the one in Terminal B. However, the food selection was excellent. The Dubai to Mumbai leg was a bit of a letdown. The plane looked rather old. The age of the airliner was particularly evident in the entertainment system. The screen resolution was that of the past decade, so underwhelming. The remote control still had a phone on one side which says it all. The service and the breakfast served were good however. After this experience we were worried that for the return leg to Dubai again and old 777-300ER would be used. Additionally, web check-in did not work and our hotel only reached their Mumbai office after trying all day. We did not know whether we would be seated together until we arrived at Mumbai airport. To our pleasent surprise we were seated together and the plane was much newer with excellent screens, the separate iPad and the remote control that looks like a Playstation portable. The range of Entertainment programs Emirates' ICE system offers is fabulous. We used the lounge in Terminal B which is superior to the one in Terminal C. An absolute highlight is the Moet and Chandon bar. Very friendly staff. The last leg from Dubai to Amsterdam was again an excellent experience with good food and friendly service. The limousine transfer worked well. However, the communcation skills of the limousine service center in Mumbai could be improved. Communcation was done with abbreviated text messages and rather informal, the way teenagers communicate.
  Dublin to Dubai. Emirates is my favourite airline. Upon boarding the aircraft, I was greeted with smiles and welcomed. On the seat is a blanket and headphones. There is plenty of legroom, inflight entertainment system is wonderful. A large range of TV shows, movies and documentaries suited for all tastes. The inflight dining is the best I have experienced with any airline. The process of connecting in Dubai was seamless with staff on hand to assist passengers. 
  I flew overnight Birmingham to Dubai then 1hour 30min stopver before flight to Melbourne. Upon arriving in Dubai I checked the board and saw Emirates flight to Melbourne leaving from gate x so I headed to gate x. Then I checked another board and it said gate z for Emirates flight to Melbourne. I figured that gate had changed and headed to gate z. When boarding was happening for Emirates flight to Melbourne at gate z they informed me I had missed my flight which left from gate x. They were very rude and said I had to go to the Emirates connections counter. They informed me that there were 2 Emirates flights to Melbourne  leaving an hour apart and I had gone to the wrong gate. I also discovered that Dubai airport had a new policy (6 months) of no flight boarding announcements or for late passengers so they can have a nice quiet airport where passengers miss their flights. I said to the Emirates staff that they had a duty of care to inform me at check in that there was 2 flights leaving to Melbourne so I wouldn't miss my flight. Another Emirates staff admitted to me that passengers miss this flight to Melbourne every day because of this 2 flight situation. Emirates would not change my ticket as well as Qantas who sold the original ticket (Airline partnership situation) so I had to buy a new ticket for that leg £440. So in summary Emirates knew passengers miss this flight everyday because of the unusual situation of 2 Emirates Melbourne flights leaving Dubai each day within 1 hour yet they choose not the inform their passengers at check in of this situation so they can daily double charge their passengers. Shame on Emirates and Shame on Qantas for this avoidable unfortunate situation.
  Bali to Amsterdam via Dubai. I travelled with Emirates Back and fourth to Bali during the Christmas holiday. My experience of the flight was ok, but my experience with the transport of baggage and the customer service was the worst I have ever experienced. I go on a surf trip 3-4 times a year and I always pack my board the same way with allot of bubble wrapper, towels, pillows and a good board bag and I have never had any problems. On the trip down when I unpacked my board I had a few cracks that I had to fix. I called Emirates, and a very rude customer service member said that someone would call me up, of course no one did. But lesson learned. On my way back I packed my board even more carefully and added a fragile sign on the bag. To my chock when I packed up my board on arrival in Amsterdam, it was completely destroyed and rendered it useless. I called Emirates who refuse to take this matter on the telephone but told me they wont cover anything but I could send them a mail. Which I did. In the email I pointed to according to the Montreal convention they are responsible for any damage they cause on the baggage. The response was very simple. "we are sorry for the broken board but we can and wont do anything about it, and we will not answer any more enquiries regarding this matter" I have emailed them many times after that but the refuse to answer. My friend travelling to Copenhagen also got his board destroyed and same horrible treatment by Emirates. That’s why I write this review, I want to warn everybody to travel with Emirates! As long as you pay and shut up there is no problem but when they have caused a problem they wont do anything about it. If you Google similar matters you will see that I am not alone in being mistreated by emirates customer service. I will never travel with Emirates again. 0/10 points.
 Flew Fort Lauderdale to Casablanca via Dubai. For the longest time, I had wanted to fly Emirates, I was curious by its ads claiming to be the best economy airline in the world. In fact, about 2 years ago, I had the chance to travel to Dubai and visit Emirates training centre, where we toured the facilities, it all looked very impressive and glamorously chic. I could not wait to experience all the glamour they so advertised. I get to the counter to check in and I was expecting luxury, beautiful people in Emirates fashion, just like advertised, reality was far off as clerks at counter were just plain Janes, no problem at all, just felt cheated. Finally, boarding time came, and I was so anxious to get on board. As I get thru the plane’s door, I suddenly realize, is this a joke? Did I step into the wrong plane? Where is all the bedazzle, all the luxury, all the hype Emirates told me I should expect? As I walk thru first class, business class and finally economy, I am hit with the realization of stepping into an old aircraft, that is outdated and challenged in sophistication, style and leg room. Delta, United or American Airlines would have offered the same experience, so what makes Emirates the best economy airline in the world? This was scheduled to be a 14 + hour flight from Fort Lauderdale to Dubai, can’t Emirates use the most comfortable, newest aircrafts for these long-haul flights instead of using aircrafts that should only be used for local or short flights? Emirates certainly does not think so. Employee’s presentation, another let down, no gorgeous counter or on-board flight attendants which left a lot to be desired, not all smiles here, far from the gorgeous look I was expecting. Cabin service was a let down as well, for a 14-hour flight, I would have expected more than just dinner (when dinner was served, I had the Szechuan chicken, it was tasteless). Breakfast, a wine selection and at least a couple of snack offerings throughout the 14-hour flight, we had to get up and ask for water several times. Overall my first experience flying with Emirates was nothing as expected, it was just as underwhelming as flying with any other average airline in the market. I will say that Emirates has a brilliant marketing strategy, unfortunately, it took one time flying with them to debunk all the hype and to make me want to fly Delta or American internationally, again.  
  Cairo to Bangkok via Dubai. Don't get fooled once you see an attractive ticket price, as those attractive prices have a dark side in the T&C, especially when you are dealing with a big airline like emirates, so they never solve the problem once it happens, and you start getting bullied by their complaint department. You will be surprised after all the marketing they do and ads, and they have those monsters in their back office! what even make it worst, is that I am a regular customer since 2008 & I am on their skyward mileage reward, with a very good/strong history but still wasn't enough, and they unleashed those complaint team on me. I bought a ticket with a stopover in Dubai, and I wanted to extend my trip for only 1 day more, so I went to their office and was notified that there is a condition in my ticket which doesn't allow me to stay 1 more day (Max 7 days), and if I want to stay then I have to pay several penalties which ends me up with paying almost the same price I paid for the 1st ticket! So I asked the guy to check if I buy a new 1 way ticket on the same date and surprisingly it was half the price of those penalties they wanted to apply on me! So I submitted a complaint, and  asked if there is a solution, as simply the penalties doesn't make any sense especially when the 1 way ticket is half the price of the penalty, and I also mentioned that who has the time to read the T&C unless he/she has nothing to do in the world, and I ended up my complaint with some cute pressure that if there is no solution, then I would like to cancel my skyward. The complaint department replied with we know that you read the T&C and we should apply those conditions on you, and there's no way out and please confirm that you want to cancel your skyward so we start processing the cancelation! They left me with no solution except checking 1 way ticket back.  Anyway, I only wanted to share my story so no one get fooled like me, and if you have the time to read the T&C then please do - otherwise you will get bullied by their complaint department.
  Cebu to London via Dubai. The worst airline I’ve flown with. From check in to connecting flight in Dubai. The staff and cabin crew were rude. They have false reassurance that someone will assist me with my connecting flight which is just 1 hour and 30 minutes apart. I was desperate because even the checkin service staff on my connecting flight did not know where I’m supposed to go. She was even rude and unapproachable. And on top of it all, I am still missing with one luggage. When I got into the luggage desk they were all sarcastic. I have been travelling a lot and I have never been so badly treated like this before. Very lousy service. I’m very disappointed and so devastated because I still am waiting for my luggage. From the stress that I have that I’ll miss my connecting flight in Dubai to Heathrow since I checked in in the Philippines, to the handling of my luggage I am extremely dissatisfied.  I was really expecting good service since the ratings I’ve seen and read about the airline was good but, the opposite, it’s really the worst flight I’ve ever been to in my entire life far more worst than domestic flights I had.
 Flew Emirates from Manila to Dubai. This flight is far better than on my last travels with them. Aircraft is new especially the IFE and this is important for me on this 9hrs flight. Although departed a little late due to last minute offloading it still arrived in DXB on time. Service is good with the Cabin Crew compared to last time. Everyone was smiling and helpful. The cabin is clean and landing was smooth. Food is great. I requested for a cup noodle in the middle of the journey as I was starving, to my surprise, the crew came back with it. The washroom were well maintained and clean.
 My daughter has travelled with Emirates a couple of times and had excellent experiences and hence recommended me to take Emirates to fly back to India from the US. I was travelling alone and my daughter had booked wheelchair assistance for my entire itinerary. I suffer from varicose veins and also had recently injured my knee, both added up causing unbearable pain. I was offered wheelchair assistance at DTW (Michigan) airport where I boarded the flight and my daughter went home relieved that I would be provided wheelchair assistance for the rest of my itinerary. However, I was left in the lurch when I arrived in Boston airport to board flight to Bangalore via Dubai. I had very little time left to board the flight and had to push myself to walk fast with the unbearable pain. This continued in Dubai airport as once again there was no wheelchair assistance provided in Dubai. I somehow managed this time as I had two hours twenty minutes to board the next flight. This left me wondering why I was promised wheelchair assistance if the airline was not able to provide the promised service. I was totally disappointed as to how a passenger could be left unattended to by a reputed airline in spite of the request for wheelchair assistance/help.
  Dubai to Manila. Old 777 was the equipment used in this sector. IFE was not good as it was old. Every 10 seconds if you are watching a movie or listening to music it buffers. I decided to stop what I was watching instead. I cannot complain to the crew as I notice the same issue with all other passengers when I looked at their screens. The crew is not good. Don't smile at all. Grooming check to be done for them as they look so haggard even at the start of the flight. The only good on this flight is non stop.
  Heathrow to Auckland via Dubai. We were looking forward to flying with Emirates as they are rated very highly on some websites. We were left very disappointed on the first leg of the flight. The crew were miserable and unfriendly. One in particular was sarcastic, rude and extremely unhelpful. Another couple next to us also mentioned how rude she'd been. I complained to Emirates and they said it will take 30 days for a response. In my book that's not good enough.  Will stay clear of Emirates from now in.
 Emirates service has really gone down in the last few years. Probably, it has resulted from the cost-cutting measures they had to take. It's competition Qatar Airways has, on the other hand, improved quite a lot and even Etihad has better service on some parameters. On my last trip I observed the following: 1) The flight was delayed from 4.10 to 4.40 from India according to the announcement but the flight actually started boarding at 5. Because of this most of us were running for our connecting flights in Dubai. 2) At least 10 passengers when reaching Zurich couldn't find their luggage and we hope to get it tomorrow. 3) They recently introduced a 20kg limit on international flights for the economy class. What a good way to surprise customers and make more money. 4) I cannot explain how rude the staff were. 5) The toilets were not clean and the body lotion was not refilled. 6) Headphones were not working and they had to change it twice for me. Oman Air has disposable earbuds, they should learn from that. 7) Food was awful. They should learn from Etihad or Qatar. I cannot even think of comparing Lufthansa or any other European Airline.
 Flew Birmingham to Sydney via Dubai. I fly this route frequently and this has been the worst case of passenger handling I have come across. Emirates has 2 gates (42 and 44) and 4 air bridges to load the plane, yet the affair was poorly managed and far beneath a quality airline. The attendant at the boarding gate lounge screened every boarding pass and sent various zones away to ‘take a seat’ (when there aren’t any seats near the gates). Perhaps use of a sign or 2 would be wise. Perhaps Emirates you can find a way to load a plane through 2 lounges without treating the passengers as inconvenient cattle. The staff gave poor instructions and were cranky with the crowd. Comments like ‘you’ll all get on’ shouldn’t be needed. At one point we were all told to line up against the glass outside the lounge like school kids. Enough to go back to Qatar or Etihad on my next flight.
  Chicago to Dubai in business class.  20 minutes after take off I pushed the button requesting a flight attendant as I needed a drink before I take my medicine to get some sleep. 15 minutes later no one showed up, I assumed and understood that they may be busy helping others. So I decided to go to the galley to get it myself. Where I was met by a cabin staff who initially refused to serve me but she started to question me why do I wanted the drink now ? What reason? Can't you wait?  I politely kept silent until I got my drink and went back to my seat. Few hours later and I had been no longer than 6 minutes in business class lavatory I heard banging on the door. I signaled I heard the knocking. Another minute later the banging started again as I was finishing washing my hands. Hurried up to open the door only to find the same staffd was knocking asking if all OK and questioning why I spent that much time in the toilet? I never responded but politely requested the purser who came to apologize. We all know that their service level is on the decline but never thought it would get that low. I can't say I will never fly Emirates again as they serve routes and timing that I have no alternates for but I will avoid them as much as I can.
  Hamburg to Mumbai via Dubai. Emirates has been long projecting themselves as a premium airline but things have gone down the drain. While making online check-in, they only provide to reserve seats in the middle (check the attached picture). Aisle seats are basically reserved for higher class of Economy. This is unacceptable because it should be based on first come first serve basis. That's one of the reason why passengers do online check-in! For the return flight, aircraft was very light but the check-in staff was extremely stingy in regards with luggage. I was 3 kgs more than limit and when I pointed out the Emirates Online Published Baggage Policy that luggage "not exceeding" 32 kgs", the staff abruptly replied "this policy is only for US bound passengers". But this is not mentioned anywhere. Clearly she was dodging the rule. It seemed more like, she has been instructed to shell out money. After after security check, the manager still wanted to weigh hand luggage before final boarding. Even after boarding and settling down, the manager came on-board to give us final notice that they might conduct a surprise check of hand luggage and have to pay double if found guilty. This was definitely the height! Honestly, I couldn't believe she made this announcement. On 3 out 4 flights, they served absolutely the same food, I couldn't see it anymore, forget about eating it. The staff was of mixed bag ranging between "okay and poor" with "forced to work and doing a favour" attitude. I fly twice a year long haul and based on my experience, I don't want to fly Emirates again. Their publicity and reality are worlds apart, get your acts together Emirates! Lots to learn from Singapore Airlines.
  Glasgow to Auckland via Dubai. Emirates fell very short of their much hyped quality service on the flight from Dubai to Auckland on 26 Dec 2017. I had the misfortune to fly with them from Dubai to Auckland. The ground staff were very rude and unhelpful in Dubai, it took an age to get our boarding passes checked and when I did eventually get to my allotted seat I found someone else sitting there with exactly the same boarding pass!! the airplane was pushing back for take off while I was still standing in the galley while the air crew were trying to find me a seat! what does that say about their Health and safety and security. Anyhow the killer was that after the 17 hour flight to Auckland we had to queue an extra 3 hours in the airport to record the fact that our bags had not arrived. In fact approximately 150 bags didn't make it to Auckland so there were massive queues. Emirates ground staff were totally unprepared despite the fact that Emirates knew for at least 17 hours that our bags would not arrive at the same time as us! They wasted a day of my holiday and limited what I could do on the following day as I had to be available to sign for the bags when they were eventually delivered. We were not the most inconvenienced passengers. There were others who missed their connection to south island and several people in wheelchairs also waiting in a queue for 3 hours with no refreshments offered or seating to help those less able to stand. Any organisation that was serious about delivering a quality service would have had sufficient staff available to process our basic details so that the missing luggage could be delivered and would have had seating refreshments for those who needed it. Whilst things can go wrong its how you deal with the mishaps that determines whether you deliver a quality service. I received no apology or compensation to make up for the inconvenience and loss of a days holiday caused by Emirates failure. so many lessons could be learned from this but I doubt it will. This cant be the first time they have had such a massive failure in the delivery of luggage. I've flown several times with Emirates and had to put up with everything from missed connections to having give up my seat so that the drunk the passenger next to me could be physically restrained  (a former Emirates crew member). not once have I received a formal apology or any compensation. Emirates service once again has fallen well short of what could be reasonably expected from a quality airline. I fly to Australia at least once a year - I'll be looking at alternative airlines from now on. Very poor service.
  Dubai to Bangkok, The Emirates experience has been degrading for years.  Whereas flights of over 7 hours used to have two meals, they now have just one. Not even a snack can be spared on those flights (even all the European airlines they try to talk down do a sandwich or a snack half-way through the flight). Where the meals themselves would come with a lot of things on the side and used to be of good quality, you now get the same half-seasoned and half-baked meals they even offer on budget airlines. The advertised WiFi is non-existent on many flights (yes, the you can connect to OnAir but mostly there is no connection behind it). The quality of their crew has been degrading as well. After years and many flights on Emirates it’s time for me to move back to European airlines who seem to have stepped up their game under competition and who in general offer much better service and customer protection. 
  Amman to Kuala Lumpur. I arrived at Kuala Lumpur airport to find two bags damaged, went to the bags office and they said I have to keep the bags for repair. I gave them the hotel address and my cell to call me but of course they never called. I bought two bags to put our stuff in, till now (2 weeks later) I didn't receive the bags or hear back from Emirates at all. Bad communication and bad customer service. The flight got delayed 7 hours on the way back without notice, but they gave us $5 voucher to buy kids meal with $5.
  Manchester to Dubai. Very disappointed, is this down to cost cutting? I have flown with Emirates a number of times before and have always found the service and food excellent, but after 12 months I could not believe the change. The Airbus looked tired and poorly cleaned, the food was abysmal many passengers complaining that their choice was not available, the quality was so bad and the so called beef was like leather. I found some of the staff were very curt and acted as though they were fed up having to attend to passengers. I would use Emirates again but only if travelling to Dubai but I would certainly choose a different airline if flying elsewhere. What has gone wrong!
  Dubai to Colombo. We really enjoyed the flight. The cabin crew were very good and so was the cabin interior. I wanted to publish this review to be completely fair for this airlines, for which the hours spent on the phone for any simple changes left me with a bitter taste sometimes and therefore I left a negative review to reflect this dark side of Emirates. But it is my preferred company for the experience they do provide.
  Zurich to Auckland via Dubai. Both parts of the journey from Zurich to Dubai and from Dubai to Auckland were in A380, and both aircraft were rather old versions. The flights were smooth and not many turbulences. The food was just fine, but definitively not the same standard in quality, presentation or service like the one with competitors from Asia (Cathay) or Europe (Swiss). Emirates had excellent wines from France and Australasia on these flights, but the handling of those expensive wines by the crew was disappointing: mostly the crew filled the wineglasses completely and on one occasion the steward just filled the Great Bordeaux in the same glas I had enjoyed before a Merlot. The crew was very diverse with no minimal standard of service at all, overall plainly disappointing and a lot of times unprofessional. The best is the Entertainment systems which seems to have no limitation, definitively one of the best. During the 24 hours airborne wit Emirates in First, no crew member ever addressed me ever by name, with the exception of the cabin crew directors when making their 'welcome round" in First and read my name from the passengers list.
 Had a really good experience flying with Emirates from Bengaluru to Dammam via Dubai. Both flights were on time. The aircraft used on the BLR-DXB sector was a bit old. The entertainment was amazing but the touch screen was not responsive. The food was not that good to be frank and the cabin crew were very friendly. They gave toys for kids and had special food for them. Flight landed on time but we were parked away from the terminal and the bus took around 30 minutes to arrive at the aircraft. Since I had 5 hrs layover it was not a problem for me. The aircraft used on the DXB-DMM sector was a brand new aircraft and this aircraft was much better than the previous one. The screens were much larger and they were very responsive unlike the previous one but could not do much since it was only a 45 minute flight. The sandwich served was awful. Crew communication on both the sectors was really good and I would love to fly with Emirates again.
  Hamburg to Colombo via Dubai. I am always excited to fly Emirates because they provide a nice interior and generally good services. Unfortunately very bad surprises as well. This time, my travel companion and I had our seats separated. I paid for the seat reservation months in advance though! And I am silver member.  I complained through the online chat, took one hour for no concrete solution. They explained to me that the seats were changed at the airport 2 days before the departure and they will send a note about it. Will we get a refund at least of the seat reservation price? No idea so far but I will seriously consider putting Emirates on my black list.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Emirates has changed the configuration of its daily Bangkok/Hong Kong return flight from 3 class to a reduced business class and substantially increased economy class. This results in a total of 615 passengers. The problem is that it is the front half of the upper deck that has been given over to economy resulting in premium passengers having to wait till these have disembarked before they can get off. Since lower deck passengers are also disembarking earlier, a quick exit to Immigration is now out of the question! Almost all other A380 operators more sensibly put the extra economy seats at the back of the upper deck. That said, Emirates service remains excellent. The Bangkok lounge offers a wide range of food and drink. On board hot towels are lightly scented and lunch menus have a choice of 3 entrees and superb wines. The bar offers premium liquors and many different canapés for those not wishing the full meal. I just have two slightly negative comments about the on-board service. With the reduced business class it would be nice if an after take-off drink is offered. Frequently one has to wait for up to 45 minutes for the meal service to start before any drinks are brought round. Secondly, despite the huge variety of entertainment offered, I still find the revised entertainment programme guide a total design mess. It is impossible to find out if movies are comedies/dramas/action etc. Worse, the guide provides no timings, so you have no idea if you have enough time to watch a full movie. The only way to check length is by wasting time loading each individual movie. For the price, though, EK remains an excellent choice on this route.
 Business class roundtrip, Brussels - Dubai - Brisbane on B77W, B77L and A388. Emirates consistently top-notch when it comes to IFE, transfers at DXB, OnAir WiFi, chauffeur pick-up and drop-off, and lounges. Being "Platinum" with their Skywards frequent flyer program means a free upgrade at the gate every three flights approximately. The only (for me) smaller drawback with EK is the onboard catering, but I never eat much while in the air, so not a real issue for me.
  Delhi to New York via Dubai. I departed New Delhi and on reaching Dubai, I had a 2 hour layover. I had a sore throat and a cough while traveling so I went straight to the gate to request for a window seat and explained my condition to them but they denied my request. Over time, my health deteriorated a little more. When I went up to the gate staff to talk to them again, they called the medics to get me checked. The medics said I was okay to travel but at this point, the gate supervisor demanded for a doctor's note to ensure I was okay to fly. I don't understand why they needed a doctor's note when we the medics said okay. Anyway, I tried to convince the supervisor because it was incredibly important for me to get back to New York on Tuesday morning as I had some important meetings lined up. They refused. I was taken to the doctor which was one building away, and given some medicine. The doctor gave me a note in no time and I was sent back to the gate without any assistance. They took me to the hospital on the airport hospital shuttle but I was made to walk back in that condition. It took me 20 minutes to walk back to the gate to find the supervisor, who had told me I would be moved to the next flight instead once I have the doctor's note. There was no one at the gate and I was directed to the ticketing counter. After waiting the long line, they asked me to pay for my new flight, which I refused to do. First off, being a college student, I did not the money to pay for another ticket. Secondly, it wasn't my decision to not board the previous flight. The gate staff decided on my behalf and I shouldn't be made to pay for a decision they made. I tried to explain my situation to the person at ticketing but they were no help and asked me to wait another hour to see the manager, because there was a shift change apparently and they said I couldn't be helped. I finally got to see the manager and she directed me to the PRO office and said it wasn't in her hands. I walked to the PRO office and begged for help because at that point, I felt vulnerable. I was exhausted and hadn't sleep in over 24 hours. They kept stalling me and sending me to different authorities.  I waited until 7 and then finally the PROs called me in only to tell me I had to pay 740 AED for a flight change and that's all they can do. I felt emotionally drained so I did whatever they said to just get back home.  As a consequence, I missed my flight from JFK to ROC which I had to rebook at an extra cost. I always loved flying with Emirates but this trip was very disappointing. I was treated badly and wasn't helped by any of the staff.
 A disappointing experience. Flew with Emirates on the A380 from Christchurch to Sydney. Had high expectations from my previous flight. Emirates have a fantastic hard product on the A380. Great spacious seat and fantastic entertainment systems. The food onboard the flight was great with a great selection of onboard beverages and well-presented meals. I was very disappointed by the crew and received dull and uninterested service. The staff seemed to have no interest in the guests traveling. The service was efficient but cold. Certainly room for improvement for a so-called leading airline. I would not recommend Emirates if traveling in business class. There are alternative airlines that with great products and personalized service where you will have a more well rounded experience.
 
Flight 229, Dubai to Seattle. I last flew Emirates business class two years ago and it was good. Since then, quality has severely declined. The aircraft for this flight was - according to the attendant - 15 days old. They attendants didn’t know how to use the seats. The seats themselves we not much wider than economy class. Though they were lie-flat seats, the seats were “cupped” so you sunk into the middle when you lie them flat. Uncomfortable! This could have been softened by an attentive and helpful staff member however even getting water was difficult. The flight attendants didn’t offer anything between breakfast and lunch nor between lunch and dinner. For business class, this is completely unacceptable. I had to ask several times just for water. When I said thank you, they did not even say 'you’re welcome'. Really awful.
 This was our first time flying Emirates and likely our last. We have taken many other business class flights before and the service provided on every single other carrier, even American and Chinese carriers, far exceeded Emirates. The hard product is excellent with the full floor lounge in Dubai, good seat and bar on the plane. However, the biggest issue is that none of the crew seems to want to be there. It’s all a production line mentality. The service falls below what one would even expect in Economy. Also the food was very inferior given past reviews we had read about Emirates. In short, given the price point we would never fly Emirates again when there are usually cheaper business class seats on other airlines with better service.
  Dubai to New York. This was our first time flying Emirates and likely our last. We have taken many other business class flights before and the service provided on every single other carrier, even American and Chinese carriers, far exceeded Emirates. The hard product is excellent with the full floor lounge in Dubai, good seat and bar on the plane. However, the biggest issue is that none of the crew seems to want to be there. It’s all a production line mentality. The service falls below what one would even expect in Economy. Also the food was very inferior given past reviews we had read about Emirates. In short, given the price point we would never fly Emirates again when there are usually cheaper business class seats on other airlines with better service.
  Birmingham to Bali via Dubai. Something went wrong on my trip to Bali and my connecting flight to Bali was delayed and subsequently cancelled. I tried to get the assistance of their ground agent by asking some practical questions. Such as could I leave the airport and come back later? As a UK citizen what would be my immigration status be etc? The agent refused to help me on the grounds that the flight delay/cancellation was due to extraordinary circumstances. His words were "You are on your own on this one. You can go to Singapore if you like, that is very nice." I have complained and as yet I have not had an explanation or one single word of regret for the way I was treated. I won't fly with Emirates again.
  Manchester to Bangkok via Dubai. We were scheduled to fly out of Manchester airport on Wednesday 20th December at 20.35. On check in we noticed that the flight time had been changed to around 21.10. We were not notified of any changes and the Emirates staff who checked us in gave us no explanation as to why this had been moved. After being in the airport a couple of hours we then noticed our flight had been further delayed. We were meant to arrive into Dubai international at 07.45 for our flight to Bangkok at 09.35, so the fact that the flight was delayed made us worry as we did not know whether we would make our connection flight. As a result we contacted our travel agent at Flight centre about our concern whilst in the departure lounge at Manchester Airport. They called Emirates to raise the alarm that if there was a delay we would struggle to make a connection flight. We eventually boarded our flight and left Manchester almost two hours late and arrived in Dubai at 09.12. On the aircraft the captain told us that we were delayed due to the Emirates plane leaving Dubai late. We missed our flight, we had no apologies and the only option to get us to Bangkok in time for the 07.30 flight was to fly at 16.00 to Mumbai with Emirates and then a flight to Bangkok with Thai airways. This would land us at around 05.00 and in the meantime we would have a hotel room and lunch. We had to take this option but were not happy as this would mean we would lose our money on the hotel in Bangkok and our dinner reservation. However, the flight to Mumbai landed late, which caused us more anxiety then the flight to Bangkok took off late so we landed with under two hours till our next flight. I am extremely disappointed with the service I received with Emirates. The unexplained delays, unhelpful and rude staff in some cases, as well as missing our night in Bangkok was just not good enough. We were travelling for over 36 hours to Bangkok when we should have been there over 12 hours earlier. Whilst we appreciate that Emirates put us onto alternative flights to get to Bangkok we should have already been on the 11:45 flight as soon as our travel agent had contacted whilst we were still in Manchester. It was not the perfect start to our honeymoon, we spent time hanging around airports or on planes.
  Newark to Dhaka via Athens and Dubai and back to Newark via same routes. Dreamed about these long haul flights, but got very disappointed - what has happened to Emirates? No longer the comfortable journeys I had enjoyed previously. Service extremely poor and chaotic. No air hostess seemed to care in spite of pointing out several times. Disappointed to find no pre-dinner drinks or appetizers, but only a good-looking menu with a list of fancy items - not so delicious to eat, unfortunately. They missed serving me dinner while most of my fellow passengers were enjoying theirs. Had to call an exhausted air hostess twice, but all in vain. Got my dinner after 30 min when all my co-passengers finished eating. Drinks were very sparse, not offered more than once, coffees were cold and tasteless, and most foods were poor and stale - mostly carbohydrate-heavy with almost no green salads. Not the best airline for service I have flown with for some time across the oceans. On my return flights an online offer popped up during the online check-in to upgrade to business class, but I got to upgrade for the first leg of the journey only - not the entire route as the offer disappeared on my second try (it gave me only one chance to upgrade). Not impressed with the business class kit-bag or other amenities. Couldn't sleep in the modernized recliner at all. Free business class lounge uses at Dubai airport were not offered in spite of buying an upgrade. I am sorry for Emirates that used to be one of the rare 5 star airlines. From Dubai to Athens to Newark, the rest of the journey was more like you would expect from a budget airline. Really disappointed, won't recommend to any friend or family, and will try to avoid in the future, unless a genuine offer is made.
 Flew from Kuala Lumpur to Rome via Dubai. The standard has declined drastically. The previous time I had flown with Emirates before this was in 2011 and it was fantastic, especially the food and service on board. Now, it is disappointing. The food selection was horrible. Snacks and drinks very sparse. The cabin crew took a long time to serve our meals. The Emirates lounge in Kuala Lumpur was not given to Economy passengers for free, unlike in 2011. The inflight entertainment was okay. Some headsets do not work. Flights were not punctual. There was a slight delay in all the flights throughout my journey with Emirates this time. Seat selection was not given for free (like some other airlines) for Economy Saver.
 As I usually do I fly from Dubai using Emirates and I rarely change to other airlines. Flew from Dubai to Kuala Lumpur. The flight was very smooth, service was excellent and staff were very friendly. The only thing I suffered is that I was travelling with an infant (4 month old) and I couldn't get a front seat which provides a baby bed in front you but I cant blame them because I did the booking late and there was lots of kids and infants on this flight. However, the cabin crew checked us and ensured that we and baby were fine during the flight. Food was above average and I do like it. Coffee was warm but I would like to get it hot. Return flight was excellent and I got a front seat to accommodate my infant. Thanks Emirates. 
  Cairo to Basra via Dubai. The flight from Cairo to Dubai on 17 december arrived in a distant parking area and no buses were available. After running all B and C gates i reached C11 (to Basrah) with 4 minutes of delay.  The aircraft was there but the staff poor attitude was astonishing, she was unkind and refused me boarding. I had to wait 24 hours for another flight. 
  Dubai to San Francisco. I do not think this airline cares about its economy class passengers. This is a very long flight. Two hours into flight, they did not even provided a cup of water. They gave a food menu. That was a farce. Was it due to the flight attendants negligence or airlines policy. Food menu had two choices, yet when time came they told us only one item is available, like it or not. The item were half cooked. They should have told us that no food will be available. That way passengers could have made their own arrangements.
 Trivandrum to Seattle via Dubai. Recently I had a travel interstate in India in a volvo bus where the ticket was 600 per head and the push back seat gave full comfort of sitting and sleeping overnight during a 8 hours travel. Now I also had a recent international trip with Emirates in a flight where the ticket rate was 1,20,000 per head and the seating arrangement reminded me of cattle transportation that I have seen in India. Kindly consider that people travelling in Economy are also human beings and please understand that when we do 16-20 hours of journey, you can at least provide a proper push back seat which is comfortable.
 Dubai to Colombo. Emirates stand as my preferred choice and the reason I pen these lines is to draw attention to a trend that seems to be slowly creeping in and lowering the standard. I travel economy as I have a back problem and feel more comfortable in the small harder seat sitting straight through a flight. My ticket was purchased in economy, I subsequently received a mail to state that I had been specially selected for an upgrade on a small payment. I did this only to offer the seat to my son, I later realized that most of the passengers had received the same message. This is actually a rip off as if I were to have bought a CCL ticket directly it would have cost me AED 3035/- here with the ug's it ended up a little more but minus the CCL benefits. Baggage, limo and lounge. Unlike several years ago when the crew looked stunning and of a better background today they seem to be quite poorly behind the uniform. Gone is that poise and flare. On my return journey the crew managed to tick me off with her carelessness and rudeness. If I had never travelled Emirates before it may have been my last. Food not to my liking, Crew - stay in your pantry. Regular seats limited pitch not suitable for the tall and well built. Inflight movies - great kept me busy. Tickets - great value for money but paid upgrade - should be avoided
  Brisbane to Birmingham via Dubai. We flew on an overnight A380 Emirates flight from Brisbane to Dubai in late September, leaving Brisbane late at night. Flying time was 14 hours 20 minutes non-stop. This was sleeping time - I thought. I paid the extra $55 to select seats in economy for my wife and myself. I boarded and sat down to our long haul flight on a seat that was already broken. The recline wouldn’t lock in, and made an awful clunking noise whenever I moved the seat back or forward. After a few hours I had worked out that if I pushed back hard and held on with my feet and my back I could get the seat to recline. But as soon as I let the pressure off it immediately sprung back – in fact it sprung back past normal upright. You can imagine the result - 14 hours plus of long haul discomfort, battling with this seat! Naturally I couldn’t keep it up for the whole flight, and so after a few hours I sat upright – or past upright. Given that the seat in front was fully reclined, while mine was leaning forward, I couldn’t even put my head on the tray table. I mentioned the problem to the Emirates staff on board, but nothing could be done as it was a full flight, they said. So I left it at that. On our return home to Brisbane a month later I wrote to Emirates about the matter. They said that they would respond within 30 days, after they had gathered the facts. On day 30 I had no answer, so I prompted them for a reply. Yes, they eventually said in their response – the seat you selected was in fact broken on that flight - we knew about it as we had a logged report on it. Sorry to hear that you didn’t find the flight comfortable. (They obviously knew about the problem on the day that they received my email - but they deliberately held out responding for the full 30 days – hoping, no doubt, that I’d forget the matter.) They went on to say:- “Given that you had availed of the Advance Seat Reservation and paid AUD55.00 for the seat, we will be pleased to refund this charge to you. Kindly provide your bank details in order to process a bank transfer to your account….thank you for taking the time and trouble to write to us. ” That was it. If I had not paid $55 to select the seat – would Emirates have just written back (after 30 days) to say, sorry about your long uncomfortable flight in our broken seat, but too bad – nothing more we will do? If you are an economy class traveller like me, find an airline where passengers like you and me have had some genuine, and timely, resolution to their genuine issues. Don’t fly Emirates economy! 
  Birmingham to Dubai. Very disappointed- what on Earth has happened to Emirates? Service extremely poor! Had service light on requesting some water to take a tablet for over an hour had window seat so couldn’t get out - run out of food so was given a child’s meal option! Drinks very sparse and food poor! Worst airline for service I have flown with for some time, i must not forget however we got to Dubai and back safe but I am sorry Emirates the rest was more like you would expect from a budget airline! Really disappointed and will avoid in the future.
  Budapest to Colombo via Dubai. If I can name the most child hating airline, than Emirates must be the one. It was 4 flights but each and everyone was a nightmare. We travelled with our 1 year old son. He was offered food on 1 of the 4 flights only. We weren't asked even once if the baby is all right, if we need any help but we were harassed several times instead. The seats were uncomfortable and narrow, the on-flight entertainment hardly worked, once the screen was broken, once it was frozen and had to be restarted, once the console were broken, 3 different flights, 3 different problems. The utensils were dirty in the sealed pack and the food were terrible but hey it's economy so this would be least problem of ours. All in all the staff was probably the rudest it can be, we hardly met any kindness or smiles, although they cooled down the aircraft to something between 15 and 10 C degrees they arrogantly collected all the blankets way before landing so we almost frozen to death. At least it made us understand why some people are flying in winter jackets near the equator. There is no way we are going to use them again.
  Kuwait to Dubai. I am a hesitant traveler on the Emirates, and this was the worst trip. The seats seemed narrow and the distance between them small. There is only one food category, entertainment programs did not contain anything new. The cabin staff were very kind, Wifi was free for one hour.
  Cairo to Singapore via Dubai.  Ground staff Ran out of fragile tags and was not willing to get it from other counters. During the serving of meals, it took an exceptionally long time before we were served and the steward did not provide us with the menu - only offered chicken option to us. When we probe further he mentioned that there is beef and chicken, so when we chose beef  the steward mentioned that there is only one beef option left. However I noted that in his tray there were many more beef packets in his trolley and he was serving beef options to others. 
  Sydney to Dubai. It was my first time with Emirates and  the experience was negatively affected by the fact that 4 toilets of economy class where not functioning and closed. The economy class was full and people had to use the only 2 toilets functioning at the front of the cabin. Service was slow and affected by the fact that people needed to go through the attendants to go to the front toilets. At the end of the trip the toilets flooded.
  Dubai to Dusseldorf. From Dubai lounge with direct way to board the aircraft. Nice and professional flight attendants especially the purser. Very delicious food serving breakfast and lunch. The best entertainment system available. A perfect flight experience!
  Bologna to Bangkok via Dubai. My family and I missed the flight from Dubai to Bangkok, we did not hear any Last Call, but the thing that really disappointed me deeply was re-booking the flight, they put us in a waiting list for the first available flight and I had to queue in three different Office. The first confirmed the availability of the flight that would leave after an hour and sent me to the second to pay, after the payment sent me back to the first to collect the tickets, at the end after having lost more than half an hour for the queues the attendant told me to run to another gate to get the flight just paid or I would have lost it. It seemed absurd after paying €640, fortunately after 20 minutes of travel we arrived to the gate for catch the flight, it was a bad experience for me, my wife and my daughter, the ground service in Dubai was the worst ever.
  Amsterdam to Bangkok via Dubai in August 2017. During the flight the inflight entertainment did not work so it was a long flight. The crew tried to help and was nice. The cabin supervisor would make a complaint for us because she felt sorry. We never heard anything from Emirates. When we filed a complaint we never got a responses when why try to ask for information by Facebook of Twitter we only got standard answers always “file a complaint” what we already did. We even went to the Bangkok headquarters of Emirates. The lady there could not help all she said was, send us an e-mail. Why would you have a office in a city for help if you don’t help people? Emirates has declined from one of the best to one of the worst airlines in the world.
  Johannesburg to Manchester via Dubai. Although the four Emirates flights we took last month were good, the customer service for complaints is shockingly poor. On our return from Zimbabwe we had 3 flights in a day, 18 hours of flying, on our final 8 hour flight I decided I wanted to upgrade us to Business class. Firstly the website said there were no business class seats available, My live chat confirmed this. I then asked again in Johannesburg (8 hours before the flight I wanted business class flights for). Again I was told they were overbooked. When I asked I asked again in Dubai I was told, “yes, there are a few” just ask the cabin crew, which I did. I was told $1500 per person. This was three times the upgrade price I had been offered online! I mentioned this to the cabin crew who said they couldn’t help and that I should complain to customer service. After 25 days customer services replied a shockingly poor reply which just said “sorry” I was shocked and angered with this late and terrible response. I’ll only be flying BA in the future.
 Jakarta to London via Dubai. This is the first time I took Emirates, and definitely my last. Boarding began from Jakarta and the ground staff was courteous. In-flight, I don't really expect much because the cabin crew is generally not willing to go out of their way to get you your cup of coffee, especially on a busy morning flight. The cabin looks and feel tight, though I am neither tall nor fat. The seats? It isn't worth commenting. Landing in Dubai for the transit to London, expect the usual UAE approach. Their ground service is next to zero. The Emirates lounge is big but not fantastic, it's overcrowded if anything. Boarding my flight to London was ok, but once onboard, again, do not expect good service. Some cabin crew try to smile, that's about as good as you can get. Once the plane is cruising, they go on their "switch-off" mode (chit-chat, etc) more than they are willing to serve. Wifi and sleeping are about the only things that can keep you sane inside this flight. Needless to say, upon arrival to London and once I'm comfortably checked into my hotel room, I dumped the return leg for an SQ one. Emirates, my foot.
  Dubai to Hong Kong. We departed with 1 hour delay, and landed with 1,5 hours delay. Had 3 trips this year with Emirates and each went with delay. Service is not what it used to be before, meals are poor, cabin not very clean. Everything is disorganized. Compared to other airlines this one went really greedy! Cabin crew loudly discussed their personal issues.
  London to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai. Been travelling with Emirates since 2001 and the service is generally good to excellent. Today both legs on time, clean aircraft, minimal toilet queues, full to capacity. Food superb; braised steak with mashed potatoes leg one; roll then later omelette with potato croquettes and spinach later for leg two. Plenty of drink including wine as required. IFE superb; screen sensitivity better on leg 2. I like to watch a Japanese or Chinese film with English subtitles so I wasn't disappointed. Music section needs updating; annoying British man talking about Dubai when switching channels; advertising easy to avoid. Annoying Emirates theme music still randomly playing on occasions but volume lower than before which is good. Only a few interruptions into IFE; the one telling us how to use it 20 minutes into our usage is pointless trumpet blowing. Staff - superb on both legs. Wifi okay for text style messages but not streaming due to bandwidth issues.
  Paris to Dubai. First they cancel my booking by mistake, and they don’t even notify about it by phone or email. So I had to fly 1 day after I supposed to. Disgusting customer service on the phone. I’ve been on hold for 30 min. Why not to call back? In the airport such a queue just to drop luggage at Emirates counter.  This airline should has 3 stars, not 4! Total ripoff. All I’ve heard is “we are sorry”. Never again.
 London to Islamabad via Dubai. This was probably my worst experience ever with any airline I have ever traveled with. On my flight from London to Dubai, I was asked to move my stuff from my hand-carry to my check-in baggage and was charged a lot for the extra weight in my checked-in bag. Later, I had a layover at Dubai airport before my final destination. Just before boarding, the person at the gate charged me more than 150$ for my hand-carry again, when I told him specifically that I was charged at the London airport to move the weight to my checked in bag. The staff was extremely rude and apparently were even charging people who bought stuff from the duty-free shop. It seemed like Emirates was in desperate need of some extra cash. Since the flight was about to depart, nobody could really do much. There was a lot of anger and frustration. I was charged twice for almost the amount of a new ticket, and it did not make any sense. I am still unable to understand why and how the hand-carry at London airport that met the weight need (especially after moving the stuff to the checked in bag and paying for it) was charged again at the Dubai airport? In short, this really was my last time to choose Emirates to fly with. I am extremely disappointed in an airline that used to be one of my favorites. I will never use their services again.
  Dusseldorf to Bangkok via Dubai. On both flights it was very nice. The Lounge in Dusseldorf is outstanding. IFE system is top as well. Crew very kind, especially the purser from Dus to Dxb. Food and drinks are great as well. Only the arrival to Dubai was delayed and departure from Dubai as well for more than 2 hours delayed. It seems that Dubai airport might have some problems with this huge amount of planes and people.
  Lisbon to Dubai. Emirates is going worse and worse, service is not great, food is horrible and really small portions. In an  8hour flight we get only a small meal and a mini snack. We pay a lot for a flight that is not by far good, the staff is more worried to take care of family flying on same airplane, than with other passengers. IFE screens sometimes are not working. Wifi inside, it should last 2h for free, I had 5 minutes, and couldn't connect any more.
  Boston to Colombo round trip via Dubai. First of all my transit at Dubai airport 14 hours. When i was booking my ticket I asked if I will get Hotel and meals, They said Yes But at the airport their ground people said we stop giving hotel and meals from November onwards. When I was was flying on January 2017 my transit was 20 hours, I didn't get hotel at that time too - the reason they said my ticket cost not reached $1000. I was sitting on the chair for 14 hours. The flight was miserable. Meal they were serving is horrible. They gave menu, so I decided to ask scrambled eggs, they said we don't have, Lunch I asked Fish that was in the menu they said they don't have, gave me Turkey which i don't eat. I am so disappointed.
  Hyderabad to Los Angeles via Dubai. Every time I have been carrying my cabin baggage along with laptop bag, including my travel this time. I flew to Hyderabad without any problem. However, while flying back from Hyderabad they asked me to make cabin baggage and laptop bag to 7kg which wasn't possible. So they wanted me to pay $50 for it saying additional baggage. Other passengers were charged similarly. If they had a policy like this they should have told passengers (Emirates baggage rules) so passengers are aware and better prepared, and not wait until check in time.
  Moscow to Singapore via Dubai. Spacious and comfortable A380 planes, excellent seats and lots of fresh air in the cabin. A380 surely provides a more relaxing and smooth flying experience. Convenient and easy transfer at Dubai. All flights were on time. Very attentive and courteous service, good food and drinks. Great entertainment system with lots of new and interesting movies. Unprecedented value for money.
  Dubai to Manchester. Waste of time booking business class flights or using skywards. Emirates are now not giving out upgrades due to financial issues? To use miles to reduce bill is also waste, if you buy miles to gain upgrade your miles don't reduce as same cost of buying miles - the difference is a lot. Staff at upgrade desks, not very courteous. 
  I had a flight from Bangkok to Paris (France) via Dubai. The transit was supposed to last 1h 30. With a 1-hour delay announced on the first flight (warning received by email a few hours before check-in), I thought the transit would be tight to be held. Contradictory information was given on the airport and by mail. We asked the ground staff, all they could say to us is "no". When finally our flight took off with a 2-hour delay, we thought we could not make it. Onboard, the crew did not want to listen to one single word from the passengers. All they could say to us is "no". When landing at Dubai, talking to the ground staff was of no use : all they could say to us is "no". So we ran to the boarding counter of the next flight. The plane was here, but we could not get inside. We waited 2 hours in Bangkok airport and the plane could not wait 15 minutes for the passengers to board, resulting in a final delay of 15 hours. We finally reached Paris the day after. Fortunately we could spend the night in a hotel. And we could get the final flight the day after, where all the blankets were gathered in front of emergency doors. And of course with a delay. Emirates, never again.
  Tokyo to Dubai. First time traveling on the A380 and it was excellent. Spacious, comfortable and huge amounts of storage space. Attentive but unobtrusive service from friendly crew. Had ordered the vegan meal so received the now somewhat expected ratatouille and fried potato cubes which was a little underwhelming. The next meal that arrived (breakfast?) was a huge serving of lentils and more ratatouille so I decided to give that a miss and just take advantage of the pastries that were offered round instead. Managed to sleep for a decent amount of time on this flight so arrived feeling fresh and rested. A great flight and great service but my food option could perhaps have been a little better.
  Athens to Dubai was delayed. No proper communication from the pilot for delay during landing to Dubai. The head of the cabin crew absent during the trip. No duty free articles presented during the flight. I called several times for the stewardess with the button to place an order for duty free articles, but nobody came. Completely careless for the passengers. Unpleasant experience from a top rated airline!
  Bangkok to Lisbon via Dubai. My business class upgrade did not work. No plug for my laptop. The crew were rude on my flight down to Bangkok. This has been the worst experience ever. I really don’t understand how they can brand them self as a award winning company. Oh yes, I also tried to buy an upgrade, that’s was not possible in the airport, I had to do that on the flight. On the flight they told me to do it in the airport, this happened in 2 flights with 2 airports
  London to Chennai via Dubai. Extremely disappointed with customer service at Dubai international airport.  I was stopped near the gates by a rude manager at Dubai during my transit flight. I was told that I was over my allowed cabin luggage allowance of 7kg. My cabin baggage weighed 10 kg, I tried to explain that the excess weight in my cabin luggage was from duty free goods. He asked me pay excess luggage or leave goods there. I had to leave things at the gates before I was allowed to board. I wrote to customer service and although they apologised for the attitude and behaviour of their staff they were not clear about cabin luggage policy. In their own words “ I must point out that Emirates hand baggage allowance for Economy class passengers has always been one piece not exceeding 7kgs. Naturally, we allow reasonable quantities of duty free goods in addition to the above, however it would appear that the total weight off your hand luggage when reporting at the gate for your flight was exceeding your allowance”. I emailed them back asking for clarity about what reasonable quantity of duty free goods is but they had no explanation.  On board food was average with one meal served for this 7 Hour flight. I would certain think twice about flying emirates again and definitely not buying duty free from Dubai.
  Singapore to Melbourne. Checking in early at Changi Airport was smooth. Prior to boarding and we saw it looked like a full flight. The ground crew were disorganised and should have handle it better, things got out control when they start to announce for the so call premium loyalty members. I noticed that the cabin crew don't communicate to each other or don't want to be there as a team. Food is normal and the IFE is excellent. Prior to breakfast as it was an overnight flight, my wife was woken by one of the cabin crew in a rude manner and I ask the 3 different cabin crews to borrow a pen and was ignored. We arrived at MEL safely that's the importance. Would I fly with them again? Not unless they improve their service.
 My business journey from Germany to India took me more than 38 hours, thanks to a not acceptable miss from Emirates. Starting Sunday 10th December in Frankfurt/Germany I finally arrived Tuesday morining at 5 am in Hyderabad/India. For those who don´t know - this flight usually takes not more than 14 hours. It all started with a delay due to weather-conditions in Frankfurt. Well things like this happen, but sitting for more than two hours in the plane waiting for de-icing, Emirates weren't able to serve even a glass of water to passengers. The flight itself to Dubai was ok. In order to get the connecting flight to Hyderabad/India my colleagues and me were running through the airport and finally reached the gate right on time. Everything went fine, we even managed to be at the gate more than 30 min before gate-closing - that was my thought. Here the nightmare begins: At the check-in counter the supervisor told us that our seats had been already given away without any further explanation. This is something I can't understand, I also know from another colleague sitting on the plane that the flight even had free seats (in business as well as in economy). The supervisor told us to go to the customer service counter to raise our issue and clarify how to move on. This happens around 3 am in the morning. Obviously we were not the only one, there was a long lane of passengers at the counter. We were forced to wait more than 2 hours in a line, standing on our feet without seeing any Emirates-employees offering us water, food or just some friendly words. At their home-hub in Dubai? At this point in time around 5.30 in the morning, we were already tired and exhausted. After a long explanation to the service-employee, we managed to get a hotel and an alternative flight for the next evening. In order to check-in into the hotel we need to immigrate to Dubai (another 30min of waiting at immigration) and get a hotel voucher (another 30min of waiting at another Emirates counter). Than the hotel-shuttle was overbooked as well so we pay a taxi out of our pocket to get to the hotel. Next several misses. 7 am in the morning, we got welcomed by a long lane of grounded passengers waiting at the counter to check-in. Two hours later at 9 am in the morning I finally enter my room try to get some sleep. Summary: On a long distance journey things can take a turn for the worse due to delays and this is quite normal. But: I can't understand why they acted like this. There was no apology and the inconvenience was tremendously high. This was my first experience with Emirates and at the moment I am not looking forward for the flight back to Germany.
 Flew Hong Kong to Bangkok. Despite getting negatives review Emirates is getting these days, my flights to and from Hong Kong went so smoothly. On both flights crew were lovely, smiling and efficient. This A380 had the first class removed and replaced with economy in the front of the upper deck. A bit odd but makes good sense, as the lounge bar is at the back, cutting economy class at the back will not make sense at all. 20K is a lovely window bulkhead seat, feels really private, everything is perfect working order. Welcome drinks and hot towels, crew were cheerful and happy to engage in a little chit chat. Wifi is free and unlimited, if you are a skyward member travelling in business and first class, regardless of the tire level. Connection is fairly good throughout most of the flights. Meals were delivered with everything on one tray, nice presentation and good taste. Champagne and all kind of alcoholic drinks are plentiful and free flowing should you require. Both flights were under 3 hours, sweet but short. With such competitive price comparing to other airlines, I have no hesitation to choose EK on this route, and also to the Middle East and Europe.
  London to Ahmedabad via Dubai. I was travelling by business class on the A380 from London to Dubai. I was impressed by the look of the bar and lounge area. I decided to take a couple of pictures and videos of the same to show the look of the lounge to my family. But an Indian flight attendant really rudely asked me to stop clicking pictures and said that if any crew member has been clicked to delete my videos as I can get involved into legal matters. This was embarrassing and humiliating for me as other crew members and passengers could hear this and started staring at us. He would not be wrong in saying this to me but there is a way of requesting for something. I went back to my seat and sat there for a while. I certainly didn’t expect this treatment especially from the Emirates crew after paying so much for the service of the business class, my husband being a gold class member. Really disappointed with my trip. Food was average. I filled have filled a feedback form on the same date saying this but there is no response or apology. Disappointing!
  Bangkok to Sydney. I was fortunate on this flight to be upgraded to business class. It was excellent - the crew, service, food, drinks, seat/bed, is all one requires to arrive at your destination feeling fine. My flight up from Sydney in economy was also very good. I look forward to my next flight with them!
  Birmingham to Nairobi via Dubai. First problem was on checking in. I thought I might be one Kg over but imagine my surprise when I was told I was 6kg over! I had thought that my laptop was separate from my hand luggage allowance. In 2015 when I traveled on the same airline I got 46kg allowance. The clerk said I would have to pay excess baggage. I asked to speak to her supervisor and he said that was right, I’d have to pay. ‘Magnanimously’ he reduced the charge to half, 3kilos, which was £126. This is a right royal ripoff as I regularly send air parcels to Kenya for £4.25 per kilo.  I could not afford to leave any goods behind as I was traveling by myself. I was furious and paid the £126. One would think Emirates would want happy customers, but after paying £700 for my ticket and £1000 for my wife to follow me next week I was far from happy. Need to look next time I fly to an alternative airline. To be honest I’ve never found Birmingham Emirates check in very friendly, I feel like I’m being tolerated, not valued. Well the flight was no better, took off late and food took three hours to be served from takeoff, I’m a diabetic and starting to feel quite unwell by the time I got a choice of only one main course which is the usual mushy tray of stew-like substance. Dubai airport is nice but it’s a long trek to the gate followed by a long bus ride to the terminal. Food was again usual poor fare and just before landing a passengber sitting close to me vomited all over himself and he just sat there comatose. I assume he had been drinking before/during the flight and was blotto. There was no apology from cabin staff and although many passengers were retching from the smell onboard, no air fresher was brought by stewardesses! The visa and passport control in Nairobi was a fiasco and it took about an hour to get through although we still had to wait a long time for our baggage at reclaim. This was not a good trip!
  I bought Two tickets for same route Colombo to Melbourne via Singapore and return Sydney to Colombo. At the purchased time System shows that I can earn about 43000 Tier and 48000 miles for each ticket. The first ticket I bought to travel in November and second for travel on February 2018. After I used first trip Colombo to Melbourne, before return from Sydney to Colombo I saw on Emirates Apps that the my Tier and miles cutting to half. After I make contact with Emirates, Asking I send any screenshot from miles was offered to me. I think no any one people think any airline want to cut or cheat to take any screenshot from miles. Just I keep my ticket and no miles shows in tickets. After I come back from first trip, I requested Emirates to see computers logs and later Emirates just said sorry was miles calculated in error. I asking supervisor to take look in my case and miles credited to my account for fist ticket. I requested to do same for second ticket. But until now I didn't find that emirates do for it. Many peoples compare routes and flights that can make more tier and miles for more benefits. So this is important for me to recover my Miles. I suggest to all taking full screenshots from any ticket and other documents may can show later to not cut or cheat anything by airlines.
 Flew Emirates from Dubai to Manchester. Unfortunately I became unwell approximately 1.5hrs into the flight, reason unknown. However, can say the flight crew that looked after me in 68G went above and beyond with care, three ladies especially. They moved me to where I could lay down. I’m grateful for that, their care and kindness helped me to endure what was an awful experience. 
 London to Dubai inflight entertainment didn’t work and food very average. Durban to Dubai slightly better food, live footy was a nice touch. Return journey I upgraded to business class but was unable to use the lounge as this was a promo fare. Seat comfortable. Service good. Disappointing food once again and would not upgrade again. Dubai to London food ok all in all I wouldn’t rush back or recommend but not a lot of choices around to Durban
  London to Melbourne via Dubai. Flight delayed in Dubai by over 3 hours because of an issue with the in-flight entertainment in First Class - nothing wrong with the aircraft and could have taken off on time. Flight delayed by over 2 hours arriving in Melbourne. When my husband tried to complain (he was the sole traveller in September), they gave him 15000 air miles. These have an expiry date. We did not want the airmiles, but Emirates would not entertain giving a full refund or partial refund. Very abrupt customer service. Apparently if he had not had Skyrewards, he wouldn't have got any compensation. Unfortunately we have booked for a family of 7 to travel with Emirates again next year to Australia. They are a shocking company. If anyone has any advice on what to do, I would be very grateful. Would never recommend them again. In addition - my 2 year old grand daughter has an egg allergy, when I told customer services this re. inflight meals, they told me it was my problem and to buy food for her at the airport. Maybe the CEO of Emirates needs to take a closer look at how this airline is being run and the attitude of the members of staff.
  Glasgow to Dubai. Terrible seats that were tight and not good for sleeping, and the dullness of the cabin and the way the staff talk to you is terrible. I would recommend Qatar Airways as it has great staff, modern aircraft, great food and a great hub airport.
  Bangkok to Manchester via Dubai. Terrible customer service, very unhelpful and feel I was lied to and mislead by customer services! I would never use this company again due to there lack of compassion and unhelpful and very poor customer service. Tried to contact them they replied asking for details and my contact details! Still heard nothing back. Very poor and would not use this airline again!
 Milan to Dubai. I usually like Emirates but this time they really disappointed. The cabin crew was careless. The meal was bad and cabin crew didn't come when I called them just to get some water. Really disappointing but of course ICE (the on-board entertainment system) was impeccable. Flight was ok but Emirates' standards are higher than that.
 New York to Mumbai via Dubai. Comfortable, clean and modern aircraft. In flight entertainment excellent. Food was decent and warm. Customer care is poor. The flight crew are running around doing whatever they feel. Most of the time they are sitting in the middle talking to each other. I have been flying internationally for last 15 years and this was the first time a crew member got upset when I made a request for water. In between meals no beverage provided. Even when meal service was being done, one of the stewardess rushed past everyone so that no one could order. This airline is not worth your money. Please spend a few more bucks and go to Qatar Airways where you will be respected as a human being or go cheap on Etihad as they are worth what you pay. Emirates no longer cares about its customers. I regret spending my money and keeping my expectations high with Emirates. Never will I fly them again.
 The chauffeur service (always a Mercedes) and lounge provided in Delhi was great. The flight from Delhi to Dubai was uneventful at 4am except that the steward was helpful and smiling most of the time. That was a delight which was dampened by a remote bay arrival into busy Dubai. The lounge in Concourse A helps you board directly from the gate which is great. It is not as good though as the lounge in Concourse B. The flight to Toronto featured a new business class cabin on the upper deck with no overhead bins on the window side. The flight was full and the flight attendant, although tired at the fag end of 14 hours could not do enough. The bar was a superb place to hang out when I was tired sitting on the seat - and this leads to being overfed on even a long haul flight - you cannot stop picking at snacks at the bar. I did feel the seat/bed was a bit too tight (even though I am a relatively smaller person). The food and IFE continues to be outstanding. Also wifi is free for business class passengers and I was connected inflight almost all along. Arrival at Toronto airport was fuss free and it is a however a bit difficult to locate the chauffeur service at exit. Would definitely recommend the glamorous experience on Emirates.
 Flew Emirates from Karachi to Jeddah via Dubai. Best airline in the world and the Gulf. Emirates offer the best cuisines onboard and have the most comfortable economy class seats. Inflight entertainment system cant be described in words, it was excellent and it had all movies of our native country. The crew were also very friendly.
 I have been flying with Emirates for 6 years as they offered good customer service, and did not sell exit row seats. No longer it seems. I recently booked a flight from London to Denpasar via Dubai, only to find after paying for the flight that Emirates now charge for exit row seats, in this case an additional £150. I immediately called Emirates to discuss this to see if anything could be done. The representative said my options were to pay for the seats, pay a £100 cancellation fee or email customer services. I emailed customer services highlighting that it is poor customer service and even worse business process to not show the potential full price of the flight until after the customer has booked and requested a fair and reasonable solution. The representative said my options were to pay for the seats or pay a £100 cancellation fee. Shame Emirates. Emirates did not show the full price and are using a misleading process that sells a ticket without showing the potential full price. Even easyJet and Ryanair show users the full price of their tickets before purchase! Emirates used to be a company that put customers at the heart of the business. I guess now it is just money.
 Emirates appear to be upgrading a lot of Economy passengers to Business. At check in the Business Class was only partially occupied on the Madrid-Dubai segment, indeed a few days before check in occupation was very sparse. On the day of travel it was almost full. So where did all the passengers suddenly appear from? I can only guess that they were upgrades, unless Emirates are bulk selling Business seats at lower prices through bucket shops. In either case, it seems extremely unfair on people like myself who have paid full price out of our own pocket, since the service for so many passengers is obviously not as good and why should I have to pay three times as much as my neighbour for the same seat? To add insult to injury, Madrid and Barcelona are Emirates' most expensive business class departures cities in Europe. Example Madrid Australia return is 5000 euros + from Madrid but less than 4000 euros from Paris or London. Having paid above the odds and then to see an invasion apparently from Economy Class is simply insulting.
  Dubai to Zurich. Our flight to Zurich departed on time and we were warmly welcomed by the crew, who provided a very attentive and excellent service on a full flight. The spacious cabin and very comfortable seat made it also a very relaxed flight. The food and drinks were again of very high standard.  The chauffeur service during my trip was excellent, always punctual, and the service made travelling very smooth! I was provided with an exceptional good service by very friendly and caring cabin crew. I always felt very welcomed and very well looked after. In the past I had flown Emirates in Economy (which had also been a very positive experience) and did not regret for one moment choosing them for flying business.
  Melbourne to Auckland Due to a medical emergency on the incoming flight from Dubai, the flight from Melbourne to Auckland was delayed by 4 hours. Emirates did sent a text message well ahead of the originally scheduled departure so there was no need to rush to the airport. I waited in the very comfortable Emirates Lounge and the ground staff kept us well informed about the new planned boarding time. Boarding processed smoothly and the crew on this flight was fantastic. They provided an exceptional service and made me feel very welcome. They were just the best! Auckland to Dubai Boarding again was smooth and the flight departed on time. I looked forward to one of the longest non-stop flights on the A380 and I was not disappointed. A very friendly crew provided a superb service from start till the end of this long journey. Dinner was served not too late after departure so that we could settle in for a good sleep. The meal options and wine offerings were again fantastic. For those still feeling hungry, there were additional options of warm and cold snacks available and prepared throughout the flight by the crew. Also, there were plenty of hors d'oeuvres on offer at the bar. The brilliant inflight entertainment system helped to ease any boredom on this long flight. Given the length of the flight, we arrived well ahead of schedule in Dubai.
  Zurich to Melbourne via Dubai. I was punctually picked-up by the chauffeur drive service, and had a smooth check-in and quick transfer through customs & security to the lounge. Boarding commenced on time and I was welcomed by a very friendly and helpful cabin crew. The crew was very attentive and provided excellent service throughout a full and very busy flight. My window seat was very comfortable with lots of legroom and also a small little mini bar with soft drinks, which were replenished throughout the flight. The food offered on board was excellent and Emirates' wine list is of very high quality. Both food and wine offerings were very generous. The inflight entertainment system is the best and has a fantastic selection of movies, shows and music. The A380 is a wonderful plane to fly in, very quiet, spacious and the bar of course is one of the highlights. Overall, I had a great flight. After a 3 hour break I was due to board the connecting flight to Melbourne. Fog in Dubai though caused a delay but we were kept well informed by ground staff and once boarding started it was smooth. The A380 cabin as well as the service in this very busy flight (full business class) was again fabulous. Maybe just something trivial, but I loved that one could adjust the window blinds individually by pressing the respective buttons. The free inflight wifi in business class is brilliant and I enjoyed keeping in touch with friends along the trip. I managed to sleep for most of the flight and after a light breakfast (there are various breakfast options available, I decided to choose the lightest version) we landing in Melbourne.
 Not close to what we expected. We now understand why Emirates is not number 1 anymore. We are frequent travellers going to various locations, always Economy. The flights with Emirates from Frankfurt to Male via Dubai and same way back were pretty "interesting". On all flights we were pretty confused that the blankets we used to keep us warm were taken away before landing, same counts for the earphones. (We had our own but even them they wanted to take away, crazy). The Cabin crew was not pretty helpful and especially soft drinks were not offered often enough, even on request we were simply ignored, maybe because of being Economy guests. Highlight was that the cabin crew lady poured me with Mango juice and did not even say a word. The food experience was average, other airlines offer much better food from a quality perspective and also from the options you have. Entertainment was pretty good.
  Lyon to Bangkok via Dubai. A horror, expensive for a shabby delivery. In the devices (4 in total) we had only trouble, error of seats, headphones that do not work, screen that does not work, lack on the meal trays, we even had a power cut on our row of seats, and damaged luggage on arrival! And the staff is completely dabbing, no matter what your request, it's always "no" "we can not" "we'll see", never seen people who had so much nothing to do, even for luggage! Une horreur, cher pour une prestation minable. Dans les appareils (4 au total) nous n'avons eu que des ennuis, erreur de sièges, écouteurs qui ne fonctionnent pas, écran qui ne fonctionnent pas, manque sur les plateaux repas, nous avons même eu une coupure d'électricité sur notre rangée de sièges, et bien sûr, bagages endommagés à l'arrivée, SURRÉALISTE ! Et le personnel s'en tamponne complétement, peu importe votre demande, c'est toujours "non" "on peut pas" "on va voir", jamais vu des gens qui en avaient autant rien à faire, même pour les bagages !
  Frankfurt to Bangkok via Dubai. I understood from the crew that Emirates has a new policy to overbook the economy class and upgrade all remaining passengers to Business class. That is what happened on the both mentioned flights, more than 50% passengers got free upgrades to Business. So C class was totally full on the huge A380 results in poor service because the FAs were totally overloaded with this high amount of people. On the flight from Frankfurt to Dubai I had to wait more than 3 hours until they served the dinner. Further I think this is also very unfair for the passengers who paid the business class fare. It seems that the airline is good for economy passengers but sorry Emirates this is not what business people paying a very high fare do expect.
  Zürich to Phuket via Dubai. I had high expectations since I  heard that Emirates should be very good, but I was very disappointed. The customer service was terrible. I am not sure they even know what it means. The stewardesses had a very arrogant, superior attitude which I found just low and disgusting. As they went down the aisle they went with hard steps as if they wanted all attention on themselves. One time a stewardess was serving drinks and as she presented the tablet with the drinks, my boyfriend wanted to take the tray to make it easier to take our drinks. Then she said in not such a friendly tone; "Just take the drinks please." Not politeness, no smile. I don't know if they are able to smile, because we didn't see much of it. They may think that the red lipstick makes them look nice, but a smile is way more beautiful. Another time a stewardess was serving food and drinks and as she came to our row I looked up. Then she said in an arrogant tone; "Hold on please", then walked away and came back a little later. I hadn't said anything to her. At the end of a flight a man came to collect all the headphones. I gave mine to my boyfriend so he could give it, because he sat by the aisle. He gave it to the man and a little later the man asked for the headphones, not in a nice way and with no smile. My boyfriend then told him he had already given it. He just looked and then went on. No apology, which one would actually expect. When you work in the service business you cannot act all arrogant and superior, because then you lose customers which you are dependent on to receive salary. They obviously didn't learn what I learned as I was working in the service business. That the customer is the boss. Another thing was that as we boarded the plane, it reeked of perfume, which was just very nauseating to be honest. Very disappointing was also on the flight from Dubai to Phuket as my boyfriend and I didn't get to sit together even though we had booked as a couple. We were told that if there were some available seats in the back that we could maybe sit together. The stewardess never came. My boyfriend then saw that there were some available seats in the back and we asked a stewardess if we could sit there. Then she said that no, these seats are for the cabin crew to sit down for breaks. Uhm, what? I have never experienced that the cabin crew is sitting with the rest of the passengers. So this was very odd. The food was ok, the entertainment was not to be complained about, but the rude, unfriendly, arrogant cabin crew just ruined everything for me. I have this to say to those arrogant stewardesses; "Get over yourselves and get down from your high horse, you are not better than anyone." So I will not be travelling with Emirates again, and I will certainly not recommend it to anyone I know, quite the contrary actually.
  Newark to Athens on Boeing 777-300 in Business Class. Emirates is a better airline than any US carrier but it aspires, it says, to be the best airline in the world. It is far from that.My flight was delayed due to some issue of getting our aircraft to the gate. The information about this delay was non-existent at check-in. I found out about the delay only after the agent in the SAS Lounge (who doesn't work for Emirates) told me about it.  Eventually, we were told the flight was boarding. We left to discover nothing of the sort. The gate area was chaos. The flight was not boarding, not even close. The employees, about 6 in number, were glued to their smart phones texting and surfing. I would fire every last one of them. They made infrequent and irregular announcements, with incorrect information. The boarding time kept getting moved. The employees sat on their phones. Finally, we started to board. Well, not the Premium passengers. First, the people traveling needing extra assistance and with children. Eventually, Business class boarded, but only after an Emirates person line jumped with a group of passengers in front of us. Once on board, I encountered a seat with a non-functional small video screen that is used to control the seat! Fortunately, the seat next to me was empty. The seat is not the standard these days. Angled lie flat is so 1980. Middle seats in Business Class? Are you kidding, Emirates? Whoever made this decision should be fired. The wine list contained one champagne (good selection) and two whites (one a dismal CA Chardonnay, the other a nice Sancerre) and two reds (one a pedestrian Oregon Pinot and one a 2007 Bordeaux that was quite nice). This selection pales in comparison to Qatar. Food quality was very good, although the crew wanted to rush me through the meal. I didn't let them. Eventually, they adjusted. Crew service was spotty. At times personal and nice, and at times missing or impersonal. The inflight entertainment is extensive but the system is CLUNKY to use and the endless ads before any movie is irritating beyond belief. It is also very hard to scroll quickly through the movie options. They are also poorly organized into categories, in my opinion. For the money, Qatar is a far better airline with a truly premium treatment for people in premium classes. Better seats, friendlier crews, better wine, and an overall better experience is available on Qatar. Emirates has a lot of work to do.
  Dubai to London Heathrow on an A380. An amazing cabin, well lit and with great leg room for long haul and excellent IFE. Great experience, very polite staff, great food served twice on a long flight and arrival on time even after leaving Dubai late. The departure from Dubai was a very painful experience however - 400+ passengers queuing in front of a gate that was showing "boarding" while boarding hadn't started. Then, passport checks (not immigration, only at the gate) four times. I wonder what the staff checks when they look at a passport 4 times. 
  Malé to Dubai. Another very unpleasant flight on Emirates Boeing 777. The seat pitch and width is ridiculous - legroom is limited even for for petite body type ladies. Space under the front seat is reduced even more by a box of equipment. IFE is classic 777 with lots of movies and options, but on a very small and badly lit screen. Wifi was not working, even though not over countries that prohibit it. On the positive side, food was good and flight departed and arrived on time.
 London Heathrow to Dubai. The Emirates A380 is an absolute pleasure. The aircraft is a wonder of modern technology, the smoothest ride you can imagine, and the quietest cabin I have experienced. Lots of leg room, excellent cabin lighting and temperature, lots of room to walk around, and excellent inflight entertainment. A database of around 500 movies in many languages is available. You can connect your device by USB and listen to your music or watch your own movies on the bigger screen. Large windows and 3 flight cameras available all the time. In flight service reminds me of the old days when we had nice meals on planes served with metal cutlery. Inflight wifi with 20MB free of charge and mobile phone connectivity for calls. Brilliant.
 Boeing 777-300ER (A6-EBL) was very difficult 5.5 hours from Dubai to Hanoi. The seats are very narrow and leg room is nonexistent, especially if the person in front of you decides to recline the seat. Furthermore, there is a box of equipment under the front seat, further reducing room for your feet, so you can't even stretch your legs as the comfort video tells you to. I know Emirates have a few configurations for the 777, it seems they put the condensed seats on the Asian routes, profiling the average body size of the passengers. Very disappointing for Emirates. IFE is standard Emirates with many movies and options but on a very small and badly lit screen, old fashioned equipment. On the positive side, wifi was great and much faster than the A380.
 Flew London Heathrow to Perth via Dubai. As someone who struggles to walk distances and has to use a walking cane I asked Emirates for ground assistance. This was agreed, confirmed and confirmed again at check in where they advised it had not been added. On boarding the aircraft when those needing time/assistance were asked to board I found myself behind at least 10 able bodied passengers jumping the queue. To add insult to injury, after getting on board, the stewardess then made me wait while one of these able bodied passengers messed around for 5 minutes. When I did get to my seat, I had spent that long standing and queuing that I was in a lot of pain. Thanks Emirates. Arriving in Dubai where I was supposed to be assisted, again there was no help and I had to struggle across the airport in pain. Its now 4 flights requesting assistance and zero flights where it has been provided. Emirates may be ok if you are able bodied, but if you need assistance, don't bother.
  New York to Delhi return via Dubai. The staff  did not seem properly trained. The communication is difficult because some staff cant speak English very well.  At Delhi airport, I was three hours early ready to get on board but some  employee told me to stand in line to get checked in. They didn't properly guide us or let us board the flight. The line was extremely long and it took me 1.5 hours to get checked in. I discussed my issues with one of the employees and told him I am not happy with the service. His response was very poor and he seemed to not understand the issue. On the flight to Delhi, we requested an Asian meal but they denied to gave us an Asian meal on the flight, which I found very strange. After reaching Dubai, the security man was asking so many question and checked my handbag very vigorously. I asked the security guy why he was being so aggressive with my belongings and he explained to me my boarding password code was "SSSS", which means they have to check your body and bag very seriously. The flight from Dubai to JFK was better, but again, they failed to serve us any Asian vegetarian food. I will not be flying with this airline in the future.
 Unforgettable experience flying with Emirates from Singapore to Rome via Dubai. I was booked on flight EK433, with scheduled departure on Friday at 9.35am but was notified last minute via text message at 4.23am that I had been put on EK353 departing at 10.10am instead. To make things worse, that flight was delayed for another 1 hour 10 minutes. I didn’t know if I was traveling with Emirates or a budget airline that cancels flights on a whim. By the time I arrived in Dubai, my original 2 hour connection time had become less than 40 minutes. Ground staff in Dubai did not offer any form of assistance in making my connecting flight. I made it to the departure gate 5 minutes before closing time only to be told I had been offloaded from the plane. At no stage was I notified that I would be bumped from my connecting flight because of shorter than “minimum connection time” thanks to Emirates’ brilliant incompetence in punctuality. After some argument with the ground staff at the gate, I managed to get onto the flight with the supervisor granting me an act of grace, when it’s Emirates which had sinned. But his grace did not extend to my checked in baggage however, which will only arrive with the next flight. Arrangement to make delivery of my delayed baggage was made immediately after clearing immigration on arrival in Rome FCO airport Friday at 6.40pm, when I was assured my luggage would arrive following day. I even received an email saying my bag will arrive in Rome at about 12.40pm on Saturday. Little did I know I would be slapped in my face with Emirates’ commitment to punctuality again. When I haven’t received my bag at 5pm, I rang the baggage office, and was advised it had just cleared customs and would be delivered in the evening. 6 hours later I was still waiting, and followed up with another less than pleasant phone call. Upon which, the only solution they could offer is the contact number of the local baggage delivery agent. No, of course their gilded fingers can’t possibly dial the number to follow up on a customer’s delayed baggage. I finally received my bag on Sunday at 12.15am. Hooray for a change of clothes finally. No one from Emirates throughout this ordeal acknowledged their fault nor offered compensation for me to get a change of clothes and toiletries. Hello Tomorrow? More like Hello Never.
 Unforgettable experience flying with Emirates from Singapore to Rome via Dubai. I was booked on flight EK433, with scheduled departure on Friday at 9.35am but was notified last minute via text message at 4.23am that I had been put on EK353 departing at 10.10am instead. To make things worse, that flight was delayed for another 1 hour 10 minutes. I didn’t know if I was traveling with Emirates or a budget airline that cancels flights on a whim. By the time I arrived in Dubai, my original 2 hour connection time had become less than 40 minutes. Ground staff in Dubai did not offer any form of assistance in making my connecting flight. I made it to the departure gate 5 minutes before closing time only to be told I had been offloaded from the plane. At no stage was I notified that I would be bumped from my connecting flight because of shorter than “minimum connection time” thanks to Emirates’ brilliant incompetence in punctuality. After some argument with the ground staff at the gate, I managed to get onto the flight with the supervisor granting me an act of grace, when it’s Emirates which had sinned. But his grace did not extend to my checked in baggage however, which will only arrive with the next flight. Arrangement to make delivery of my delayed baggage was made immediately after clearing immigration on arrival in Rome FCO airport Friday at 6.40pm, when I was assured my luggage would arrive following day. I even received an email saying my bag will arrive in Rome at about 12.40pm on Saturday. Little did I know I would be slapped in my face with Emirates’ commitment to punctuality again. When I haven’t received my bag at 5pm, I rang the baggage office, and was advised it had just cleared customs and would be delivered in the evening. 6 hours later I was still waiting, and followed up with another less than pleasant phone call. Upon which, the only solution they could offer is the contact number of the local baggage delivery agent. No, of course their gilded fingers can’t possibly dial the number to follow up on a customer’s delayed baggage. I finally received my bag on Sunday at 12.15am. Hooray for a change of clothes finally. No one from Emirates throughout this ordeal acknowledged their fault nor offered compensation for me to get a change of clothes and toiletries. Hello Tomorrow? More like Hello Never.
  Birmingham to Johannesburg via Dubai. We paid extra so my wife and I could sit together. On the way home they allocated us to different seats. We'd booked window seats and they put us, on each flight, in the centre of the plane. I am just getting fed up with trying to get a refund for the money we paid £80. Just phoned them again and the 'customer service rep was just rude. I will never fly with this airline again. I thought Emirates were going to be superior but they are simply nothing special at in any department. Two months trying to get your money back due to their effective management of seating is dreadful. So be warned if you are thinking of booking seats and paying £20 each person per seat per flight.
  Sydney to Cairo via Dubai. I love Emirates A380 which is great and the staff are lovely. The Boeing 777 really could use a facelift to be honest - you go from comfort on the A380 to feeling like your on a 4 hour bus ride in the sky. It is very cramped and could be configured better to help both passengers and the airline.
  I was traveling with my wife from Tokyo to Dubai on the 3rd of November EK319 we prebooked extra leg room seats which was an emergency exit for 95$ per seat because it’s a 12 hours flight, 80H this was my seat. First the crew were very noisy all the flight especially that we were beside the kitchen, they were bumping us, our legs, heads even our screens every time all over the flight putting the food & wine boxes in front of us like a storage area which also hit our legs and putting the wine boxes on the emergency exit door which is not complying with the safety regulations. We complained and the crew told us that they always tell the company about these seats that it has a problem and they don’t believe them so please complain when you reach Dubai, nothing we can do it’s a full flight no place to change. We stayed for 12 hours we couldn’t even sleep for 1 hour from the noise of the crew it was the worst flight ever. When we went back to Dubai we went to the service center to complain about the flight experience they told us we don’t have complain system you only can complain online by email. We sent our complain and wrote all the details and even the safety issues that was not applied during the flight & unfortunately they came back to us after two weeks with nothing. The flight was the worst flight experience and the customer service was disaster in case of handling our complains We paid extra money for noisy seats with untrained crew that no nothing about service treating our seats as if it’s a storage area and know nothing about safety guidelines.
  Melbourne to Auckland. This was my second trip on this route with the same airline, and the biggest difference was the service from the Cabin Crew. The morning started with a visit to the Emirates Lounge, an excellent decision. Boarding once again was chaotic, no specific lines indicating Economy, Business or First. No one knew where to go and the Ground Team just did nothing to put order in place. When we were airborne, the onboard service started and I immediately felt the FA's were not as personal compared to my previous experience. The all seem too busy with getting the job done, rather than taking the time to engage with passengers. Food and beverages were average, though the portions can definitely increase in size. The seat was comfortable and, with blankets and pillows distributed to all passengers. On a good note, the IFE was fantastic as the amount of content can keep you entertain for hours. Overall, customer satisfaction really needs to be evaluated.
  This was our first flight using Emirates from Glasgow to Sydney via Dubai and it will be our last. We were looking forward to flying Emirates as it had the reputation of being a luxury airline with adverts showing courteous attendants there to serve their customers with a smile. The reality was quite the opposite. The flight attendants were sullen and rude with very poor customer service. The staff at the boarding gate were quite cheery, laughing and smiling amongst themselves until it was time for the passengers to board. We met with dour stony faces - no smile, genuine welcome or attempt at being polite. We felt more like an inconvenience. Once on board we were in the air for 2 hours before any drinks were offered. Again no pleasantries just quite abrupt service. The meal was ok but breakfast after a 7 hour flight was a 2 finger shortbread biscuit. The return leg was no better, in fact worse. We experienced the same sullen attitude from the staff with the addition of an air of superiority as they marched up and down the aisle, and woe betide anyone in their way. If we happened to be standing in the aisle they would barge passed, no excuse me or waiting for you to get something out your bag. Meal service was again slow and very sloppy. The attendant spilled hot fat from the breakfast dish over my white trousers. She did get some cloths but the stains haven’t come out. The other attendant passed a hot meal over my head to my husband - are they not taught how to serve customers? We were given blankets but these were collected long before the end of the flight. The final “thank you for flying Emirates” sounded matter of fact and so insincere. On the return we missed our connection from Brisbane to Dubai due to bad weather and were put on the next flight which was 8 hours later at 5am. We were given food vouchers but they turned out to be useless as all the shops were shut. Apart from a couple of cleaners the airport was empty. When we explained to the staff when the desk opened they showed no interest and no sign of concern for their customers’ comfort. This is by far the worst airline I have ever flown with, even the cheap budget airlines have a more respectful attitude towards their customers. Next time we fly to Australia we will use Singapore Airlines again - far superior.
  London to Perth via Dubai. It is 10 years since we last used Emirates on this route, and they have really gone down the budget airline path since then. Plane to Perth looked worn and quite dirty in the cabin, staff service bordered on downright rude and those serving our seating area clearly had some issues about having to work. Dubai Airport has assumed the role of a large, characterless giant warehouse and the airport staff for Emirates seem to delight in shouting at passengers, and showing contempt to all. I admit the tickets were really cheap and now I realise that Emirates is going down the budget airline path with what they provide. Can only assume they have financial problems to have cut back so much on what they once provided.
  Dubai to Cairo. Emirates has become mass transit in their economy class. People are herded like cattle, the plane is crammed with little room and the staff is overworked as usually 100% of seats are occupied. Probably great for their bottom line but it’s not anymore a special airline. It gets you from A to B safely and there’s nice entertainment. That’s it.
  Barcelona to Melbourne via Dubai.  We were looking forward to flying with Emirates - we hadn't flown with them before and had heard good things. But unfortunately the customer service (or lack thereof) from the Flight Attendants onboard both flights was atrocious. I have written over a month ago to the Emirates Feedback form on their website but have not had any response - perhaps they are overwhelmed with complaints? For a start, none of the staff seemed to be smiling or happy. I didn't really think anything of it at first until I realised how uncomfortable I felt with the sour faces around me. About an hour into the flight I thought I would use the restroom. I was on the left side of the plane in an aisle seat, row 56. I had seen other passengers walking up and down the aisle using the restrooms and so I walked forward too, where I could see the toilet sign. A male flight attendant asked me where I was going? I said, "To the toilet. I'm going to the restroom." He shouted, "Back! Get back. Go back!" and flung his arm towards the back of the plane. I was shocked at his attitude and aggression that I returned to my seat. He came over to me and said, "You can use the toilet at the back of the plane." I explained that I had seen other people moving freely around the plane and that I felt he had spoken to me incredibly rudely. He said I could use the toilet towards the front if I wanted. I have no idea how many international and domestic flights I have been on in my 48 years, but I have never been spoken to like that - with so little provocation!  The other flight attendants were equally rude; no communication or attempt at being polite or friendly. An hour and a half before we landed in Dubai they literally pulled blankets off people and demanded headsets and were more concerned with shoving all the blankets into the toilet cubicles than with the passengers waiting to use the restrooms. Many of the passengers in Dubai were talking about how rude the flight attendants had been and why they had to take blankets and headsets from people so early? Unfortunately they were not much better from Dubai to Melbourne. Again, no smiles, no warmth - they would say "Drink?" with raised eyebrows (no smile) and when I would say, "An orange juice please," they would place it onto a tray and just shove the tray into my face without a word. Literally into my face. I am writing because I had heard good things about Emirates - but the flight attendants have really let the company down.  On a long haul flight, the last thing customers need (we who are paying their wages!) is such surly faces around us. We are not doing you a favour by being on the plane!
  London to Mauritius via Dubai. Ruined the start of our honeymoon. Flight from London was delayed by around 30 minutes which meant we missed our connecting flight, no apology from anyone and we were moved to a flight that was 6hrs 15mins later than our original one which meant we had to wait in Dubai airport for 7 hours.  Emirates staff were really unhelpful and did not compensate customers in any way, apart from a cheap meal voucher. Will never fly with Emirates again. Terrible experience.
  Dubai to Mumbai. Food served extremely late just before 1 hour landing time though the flight duration was about 3 hours. No drinks before except water. We were in seatsr 84J/84K in zone C. Til our food was being served non veg food over. They served veg food. I asked for mango juice. No juice. Juice also over. Instead they served orange juice. Til i complete my dinner it was almost landing time. No time to eat properly or appreciate the food.
  Hong Kong to Geneva via Dubai. Emirates was an amazing experience. Check in went very smoothly even changed my seat to exit row. Boarded The aircraft I was welcomed by the crew from various parts of the world who attentive and very friendly. My flight was memorable one I will definitely be flying with emirates again
  Dubai to Perth. I initially travelled from Cairo to Dubai on EK 924 for which I gave an excellent review! But the flight to Perth was terrible. Staff were not even friendly nor were they interested in their passengers. I asked for a seatbelt extension and this flight attendant stood two seats away asking me to repeat what I’d said before she very unhappily went to fetch one. I did not have breakfast however lunch arrived with the Hostess telling us chicken on the menu would be 15 min late well that never arrived nor did an apology from Staff. They were standing behind the curtain and eating snacks no concern for their passengers or if they attended we felt like a nuisance so dare not ask. I tried to write a review online but that wasn’t working either. All in all they were the most miserable flight attendants I’ve ever travelled with! We only heard from the Captain and that was it! The flight itself was uneventful!
  Newark to Athens. Emirates far exceeds the services provided by US carriers. I needed to change my travel dates due to a family emergency, and the ticket agent waved the change fees, allowing me to depart for Athens within the day. The service on board both ways included two full meals, nice reusable amenity kits with shades, earplugs, socks and toothpaste/toothbrush, the seats were comfortable, and the bar service featured top-shelf brands. The in-flight entertainment system was also top notch, with cameras built in to the front of the plane to provide you with a cockpit view. Economy passengers are also offered a certain amount of free wifi, which was more than enough to communicate with friends and family on the ground to inform them of my flights progress. If all of that is not enough, Emirates allows economy passengers to check in 2 bags for free!
  Melbourne to Glasgow via Dubai. Very impressed with cleanliness, food, service and the pleasant way the cabin crew dealt with some downright stupid and rude travelers. From checking in to leaving the aircraft staff were very professional and pleasant. We misplaced one of our mobile phones and was returned to us within 24 hours. Impressive. 
 The positives for Emirates is to do with the aircraft, as the A380 offers comfortable seats with adequate legroom. The list of negatives is quite big: - Crew members didn't bother to assist during embarkation resulting a really slow process. Even worse, when most passengers had to look for available cabinets to store their luggage nobody from the crew members even bothered to pretend to be interested and assist. Passengers who wanted their dinner to be accompanied with wine or beverage had to wait more than 20 minutes to be served. Long, literally long, queues at lavatories. Crew didn't assist at all. I do understand that when the not to be disturbed sticker has fallen from the seat, crew will try to wake you up in order to serve breakfast. Still that should not reach the stage where they will literally poke you and scream close to your ears. They could either open the folded tray and leave it there or let you a note that they didn't serve because you were sleeping. Having two options for dinner (when you promote yourself as top carrier) is quite limited. Saying that you have two options for dinner when the number of available portions of one is small compared to the overall number of passengers (particular flight was almost fully booked) is laughable. Some people do not eat chicken (sounds strange but I do not eat it), I can understand that due to any reasons you are out of beef (actually I do not understand it but anyway) but that does not mean that you have to force me to get your chicken dish and refuse (actually they did not refuse, just didn't bother to reply and moved on) to take it back. Cabin wifi is great as an idea. If only someone could say how to activate it on economy class.
  Cairo to Dallas via Dubai. The flight from Dubai to DFW takes approx. 16 hours, I was at seat 37 A. After take off from Dubai at 3am a meal was served, and then for approx 13 hours passengers are left without any meals only a small piece of pizza. Three hours before landing another meal was served. After the first meal normally passengers go to sleep for 3-6 hours, a meal should be served after 7 hours from take off and then the last meal 2-3 hours before landing. 
 We are terribly concerned and quite upset with both the quality and quantity of the onboard meals on long distance Emirates flights. In our recent experience, there was only one meal served during our flight from Manchester to Dubai which lasted for 7 hours 30min. A tiny packet of pretzels was provided as a snack which was very inadequate and compares poorly to any other airline. There were also no sleeping kits provided which is highly unusual. On the Dubai to Kolkata flight (duration of 4 hours), the only meal provided came very late and we had to request for snacks (which were tiny packets of savoury mix) to fill in. Not to mention, the meals they provided in both flights were frugal and by far of a poor quality in comparison to any standard airline. Desserts were horrendous. We dread boarding our already booked return flight back to Manchester.
  New York JFK to Milan. As 400 passengers deplaned in Milan there were only two customs agents available for non European Union passengers. Poor planning to say the least. It took well over an hour to clear customs. By the time I tried to obtain my luggage it was missing. There was no one to check and see if the baggage removed belonged to the owner. What is the use of giving a baggage claim if it is ignored. Thus It is very easy to steal luggage from the airport in Milan. I had to rent a car for an additional day drive 100K to and from Verona, find a physician and obtain needed medications and clothes.One day of my vacation wasted. After 3 days I was informed that my baggage was found in Rome and that it would be sent to Venice where I was now staying. Emirates would not deliver it to my hotel and I had to go to the trouble and expense of traveling to the Venice airport to pick up my luggage. The second day of my vacation wasted. After obtaining my bag I was informed by Emirates that it would take at least 4 weeks to respond to my complaint. I’m sure that they just wanted me to have finished my travels to respond so that they would not have to upgrade my return travel. After 6 weeks I received a form letter that hid behind the Montreal protocol to tell me that they would pay for the clothes that I had purchased. No addressing of any issues or answer to any of my questions. My expenses and inconvenience went far beyond obtaining new clothes and Emirates which touts itself as “the greatest” fell short in its response. I cannot recommend any airline which will not enter into a dialog with an unhappy customer, address its shortcomings and fairly compensate a customer for its failures.
  Perth to Manchester via Dubai, returning from Paris. We have traveled with Emirates Business Class many times in the past and although not perfect, we have never had cause for complaint until now. We traveled to Manchester from Perth on 4th September 2017. Our flight to Manchester was uneventful. However, the walk (including train) to our connecting flight (EK19) was horrendous. It took at least 30 minutes to get from Terminal 3 to Terminal 1. Considering there is no significant layover time between flights, if the incoming flight from Perth had been delayed, we would have missed the Manchester flight. Another passenger who was also on the same flights looked quite ill from the strenuous walk. Many UK ex-pats live in Perth and would have been connecting to the Manchester flight, why was this flight from Terminal 1 and not terminal 3? The experience on our return flight flights was even worse. The service and food on the flight from Paris to Dubai from 30th September 2017 (EK76) was unacceptable. Food was cold (soup) and a steak that I ordered was uneatable. I asked for a glass of wine with my dinner and this did not materialise until 30 minutes after I had finished my meal. Seats were also very uncomfortable. Once again a walk and train for our flight to Perth (EK424). When the flight was eventually called we were subjected to being herded on a bus for a 10 minute drive to the plane and then had to climb a staircase to board. I have had a better embarkation experience with AirAsia and this is totally unacceptable for an airline of Emirates reputation. The flight arrived in Perth over an hour late, obviously due to the embarkation process. With the exception of the return flight from Dubai to Perth (EK424) food on all other sectors was mediocre at best and unacceptable at worst. The business class lounge in Dubai was as useful packed to the rafters and quite uncomfortable. The highlight of the flight was the food and service in the Emirates Paris Business Lounge. It is a shame that Emirates cannot maintain this consistency of service and cuisine across all flight services. We travel Business Class to Europe at least once every year and more often than not with Emirates. Given the above experience, it will be hard to choose Emirates as our carrier in the future.
  Auckland to Manchester return via Dubai to visit a few friends. Some of the best airline food I've had, the flight attendants came around regularly with a tray of drinks and pretzels. Snacks of pizza, fruit and chocolate bars. Planes were the A380, which had a great feel and cabin environment. Flight attendants were friendly and well presented. On the way back home I had a entire row to myself which was great for relaxing. Would highly recommend flying Emirates.
  I was travelling from Kochi to Austin via Dubai and New York on September 13 the 2017. My flight landed in time at JFK airport but due to some traffic problem we were forced to stay onboard for almost an hour. By that time my connecting JetBlue flight was missed. I am a wheelchair candidate and airport guys just dumped me at an empty JetBlue gate. I was trying to get in contact with Emirates office, not able get on phone at that time. So I called JetBlue and was forced to book 2 only available tickets for next day. As I was waiting , I tried again Emirates office and they agreed to book the the same ticket which I booked for. But I had to cancel the ticket which I booked myself, cost me $100. It was so awful that I had to stay at airport 15 hrs more sitting on a single chair, after 14hrs flight. It is insane! 
  Warsaw to Bangkok via Dubai. The company advertises as luxury but in fact it provides standard product. Some staff members not professional. Very poor airport service and staff in Warsaw. The service good but seemed as limited. The seats are narrow. Good food, variety of beverages. I like the possibility to stop in Dubai. Quite good legroom and ICE in A380.
  Dubai to Karachi. It was a very bad experience in Emirates when I need to change my date of traveling due to emergency, call center agent say you have to pay 180 AED for date change and you are entitled 20kg luggage - if you add 10 kg more you have to 790 extra. It means I pay for ticket date change around 1000 AED more, be better if I bought new in business class.
  Glasgow to Auckland return via Dubai. This journey involved the very long-haul flight, DXB-AKL. No particular issues - both journeys (16.5h eastbound / 17h westbound) went quite well. But this was only because we were flying the sector in an A380; I would not recommend a flight of this length in a 10-seat-across B777 (or a 9-seat-across B787), because these aircraft would be too cramped. The A380 is still as excellent an aircraft to fly in as ever. On the return service, the flight itself had very few passengers (<100), so the service was excellent. As for the GLA-DXB sector, the Boeing 777 is tolerable, but only just (both flights were pretty full). I like flying Emirates. I would like them more if the Glasgow leg could be upgraded to an A380.
  Delhi to Dubai. Inconsistent service is rampant on Emirates - both onboard and on ground! The check in agent in Delhi was polite and offered us to give up seats for an overbooked flight which we denied. The check in agent at Dubai was downright pathetic and rude; no smiles and even threatened us with charges for extra weight in hand carry later prior to boarding (none of that happened). This impolite behaviour is meted out to passengers with status, surprisingly. Boarding at both airports was smooth and by zones. The aircraft sent to Delhi vary in terms of seating and screens - one of them more comfortable than the other. Food and IFE is still great. Cabin crew lacked smiles and warmth from Delhi to Dubai and the other way, they could not do enough - each of them full flights! Emirates needs to pull up their pants on their soft product - no matter how long the turnaround flights are!
  Ahmedabad to Dubai. I have a very bitter experience while flying today from Emirates flight. I have been flying with Emirates since past five years but this is happened first time with me. I have already booked online my seat no 22K however while taking boarding pass they changed my seat to 24K. Free breakfast also not provided to me and they did not even have courtesy to ask for meal. While all other passenger got their meal and I feel that I am discriminated from others. Even if you are providing complimentary services either you should have taken proper care for hospitality or better not to provide complimentary and not to advertise it on your itinerary.
  Flew Dubai to Toronto with Emirates. Staff very nice and accommodating. Seats are OK, no more. They do not offer leg support, you can stretch to have your feet on foot rest but no leg support. They offer thin mattresses which is a good thing because the seats are quite hard. Seat belts are a bit short and offer very limited extension capabilities. Entertainment system is awesome and so is the "OnAir" Internet. Good meals. It would be nice if coffee and tea could be offered at the same time they bring the meals. Not sure that the space reserved for the bar/entertainment area is really the best use of that space. Maybe adding washrooms instead would be better.
 The one area that consistently disappoints with Emirates is their service. I have consistently experienced poor service flying Business class with them. I've often found their economy class staff service to be much better surprisingly. I just cannot understand how an airlines that is so highly rated cannot get their service right especially in Business class. Approached the Business Class check-in person in Dubai with my wife and child and we were greeted by a grumpy lady gesturing to place our passports on the desk. No smiles, no conversation nothing, did her work, handed out our boarding passes and motioned us to the direction of the gate. Not a word was spoken. I was expecting to board directly from one of the gates at the business class lounge as generally is the case with A380 flights but we were motioned to go down to the gate and board from the gate with everyone. At the gate there was no separate boarding for business / first class, waited in the long line with everyone. Once we got into the flight, we settled down onto the amazing business class seats and was looking forward to a comfortable flight. Just then a flight attendant bumped into another attendant who was serving champagne to a customer and the whole contents of the tray spilled over on to me. I was soaked in champagne before the 14 hour journey to Toronto had even started. A quick word of apology was muttered and I was handed a towel to clean up and was directed to the washroom where some more towels were handed out while my seat was being cleaned. I returned back to my seat to find that champagne was still pouring out of the creases and cracks of my seat. I asked for one more towel and never got it. Later during the flight I asked for a headphone for my child and the response I got was "One was placed on every seat". That's it. I had to get one myself from another unoccupied seat. Every time the same lady came to clear my table / seat of any clutter or finished meal, I was motioned to place them on her tray. It was like she couldn't be bothered to reach out and pick them up. So I spent the flight collecting things around my seat to place it on her tray every time she came. The whole experience was really shocking especially after the fortune you had coughed up for the experience. Emirates boasts of taking extra effort to take care of children, my 3 year old's presence was not once acknowledged, the only gesture was a child's goodie bag being handed out. We also experienced similarly disappointing service at the Emirates check-in counter at Toronto airport on our way back to Dubai. No smile, no word. I asked if the flight was full to which I got the reply "Wait I am trying to read something here". Never ended up getting an answer. The service on the flight (Economy class this time) was however excellent. I commended them on their efforts. Makes me wonder though why the such a difference in service between the two classes? If at all one should experience better service for business class yea? I have encountered similar experiences in previous flights with them as well - generally rude and snobbish flight attendants in business class while the opposite is true for economy class.
  Melbourne to Cape Town via Dubai. My wife and I were unable to select a seat on our flight from MEL-DXB-CPT until about 48 hour before the flight unless we pay $30 for each sector. We decided against and selected seats 48 hours before the flight. The real problem arose on our return journey from HDS-JNB-DXB-MEL. The HDS-JNB flight was with South African Airline and yet I was unable to checkin the Emirate flight from JNB-DXB-MEL. Emirates website directed us to check in via South African Airlines although the bookings confirmation numbers are different. I did online check in with South African Airline website but they insisted that I can only checkin the Emirate flights with Emirates website. Anyway we arrived in Johannesburg JNB and went to the Emirates check in desk. I explain to the check in person that we require an aisle and the next seat so that we do not have to disturb the next passenger for toilet break. After all explanation she gave us a window and middle seat. She disregarded our request. To top it up she directed our bags to MEL but will not and could give us the boarding pass from DXB to MEL. She stated that there is a regulation and restriction to do so. Surprisingly two other Australians who were checking in in the next counter were giving boarding passes with seat allocation all the way to Melbourne. When we landed in Dubai I went to Emirates service and requested boarding passes and the appropriate seats. To our surprise we were given two seats (under the same booking number). Mine was in row 66 and my wife in row 88. We were totally separated. We were told that the flight was over booked. No amount request and pleading was considered. We were told to go the the boarding gate and ask for different seats but there is no guarantee that we will be together. The Emirates staff were rude and acted like robots. Finally at the boarding gate we were given a window and middle seats. We had to constantly disturb the person sitting in aisle seat for toilet visits. The whole experience with Emirates ground staff was a shocking experience.
 Melbourne to Auckland. What an amazing experience, words cannot describe how great the service was onboard. From Check In, passport control and customs, everything was fast and efficient. Before departure, I decided to the visit the Qantas First Class Lounge instead of the Emirates Lounge. The plane was delayed up to an hour because of a late arrival of the aircraft from Dubai alongside with the most disorganised boarding process, other than those mishaps everything else was fantastic. Once on board I was greeted by a very lovely and attentive Flight attendant, who walked me to my First Class Suite 2A. Drinks, Arabic coffee and dates were offered right after. As I was the only First Class passenger, the attention I received was beyond what was needed which I deeply appreciated. Breakfast was served right after takeoff, everything tasted delicious and there was endless snacks and drinks on offer even when you don't even ask for it. The onboard service was just on another level, but my greatest appreciation goes to the FA who attended to me, they were just so genuinely nice. Lastly, the IFE is fantastic and always updated with new content. I simply cannot wait for my next flight with Emirates.
  Newcastle to Melbourne via Dubai. Decided to pay up for business given our long flights from the UK to Melbourne. I used to fly business in BA for work but last time was over 5 years ago and this service from Emirates was in a different league. The package included car pick ups and overnight at the Dubai hotel was all excellent. The service and room aboard the A380 was the highlight with the entire top floor complete with bar/lounge and I managed to sleep and arrived and returned almost without jet lag. The seat comfort, food and service was outstanding, all flights on time and very impressive all round. In addition the Lounges were all good and we were able to shower and freshen up in Dubai - the Melbourne lounge was particularly impressive. Minor criticisms, I didn't find the film selection great and the 777 seats were not quite as good. All in all, despite the costs excellent value and service.
  Flew to Mumbai and back via Dubai on Emirates and all flights were comfortable. There was a delay on the last leg back to Heathrow due to a technical issue and whilst the communication could have been better we were given a food voucher which was very much appreciated. The issue was rectified reasonably quickly and the captain made up time en route so we arrived late but not excessively so. Cabin crew were efficient although varied depending on the sector flown. Generally they were cheerful and friendly. Food was fine and the IFE has a huge amount of choice. Despite the delay on the last leg it was still a pleasure flying with Emirates.
  Booked to fly London to Ahmedabad via Dubai in November 2017. Do not fly with Emirates if you are booking wheelchair assistance. Their support is useless. There is no dedicated support team and their customer staff know nothing.  I have had to pay to reserve seats near the entrance and near the toilets - I have been rated as having higher rate mobility needs as I cannot walk 20m. It has taken 2 hours and 4 staff to get this far. Even Easyjet and Ryanair offer better support. I will never travel Emirates again.
  Istanbul to Dubai. Check In, boarding all swift. Very comfortable cabin with good leg room, mood lighting, huge HD screens and Emirates entertainment system with a great deal of new movies. I had booked a diet meal which was excellent with fish and steamed vegetables. Crew extremely attentive and brought everything very quickly. Full service aperitif, I had ordered brandy with Ice, then choice of teas and coffees after dinner served nicely. Very elegant. I had a great time. And we arrived 30 minutes ahead of schedule!
  Dubai to Islamabad. Excellent airport services. Seats are very comfortable, excellent entertainment system. The only drawback was the food which was not as per menu and I did not get the full menu. The flight departed and arrived on time.  I would recommend Emirates.
  Budapest to Jakarta via Dubai was pleasant. The ground staff were courteous, flight was on time on both legs. During the flight the crew were polite and some were quite enthusiastic. The food was good enough. The IFE screen was responsive and a decent selection of entertainment. There were some downsides though - I  think they could update the IFE with more newest movies. I have to admit some of the flight attendants were looking really tired, and even though the food was good enough, i really think they could do a lot better.
 Check in pretty slick, but after that - oh dear. First flight left late meaning a missed connection. Other aspects of the flight fine - great choice of movies and food was pretty good too. Very little information and infrequent updates but it happens. However I guess it's then how you deal with it that counts. Connections counter horribly busy in Dubai, staff stressed and barely friendly. No flight available for 36 hours, and that is with an extra connection and using a budget airline we always avoid for the second leg (Jetstar). Four hours after landing in Dubai we got to check in at the airport hotel - and only smoking rooms were available. So we had a further miserable wait - including an attempt to chat to the disinterested Emirates customer service representative - before finally getting to our room. Which had 2 beds, 2 pillows, 1 towel and no baby cot as promised. I've had missed connections with the children on both BA and Singapore and while it's never fun, they've been reasonable (BA) or good (Singapore) at dealing with it. Emirates were a sorry shambles and have a lot to learn about dealing with problems. Most miserable flight experience on my first flight with them.
  Johannesburg to Mumbai via Dubai. Traveling in economy class I cannot complain about the space etc. I have an issue with the staff attitude to passengers. Having travelled extensively on different airlines to Europe, USA, Far East, I think I'm adequately qualified to to complain about the lack of courtesy meted out by Emirates staff. They appeared to be a disgruntled lot who found it difficult to even crack a smile. A male attendant was particularly impatient with passengers asking for any service. Even though my husband is a platinum skywards member, I don't think I will be booking on this airline anytime soon. Every passenger, economy to first class deserves the same respect.
 Dubai to Sydney via Bangkok. We had heard good reports of Emirates business class and it was okay. The seats were way too crammed with little or no room to turn once reclined - so many business class seats on this flight that service suffered (eg. an hour between courses). Emirates lounges were in fact busier than outside the lounge, just craziness - we waited on the tarmac in Bangkok in a storm for over an hour without any feedback. So, all up okay, but nothing to write home about really.
  Dubai to Amman return. I modified my return ticket from 8th September to 10th September through the Emirates application and I have the confirmation and the deduction money message from the bank. The thing is it’s canceled because an error in the system as they told me. They didn’t notify me, call me or send me an email.  I tried to check in online but I couldn’t find the ticket and when I call them they said it’s canceled and you should call us. Then I asked him the flight is about 7 hours no time what to do? He told me to pay 1500DH if I want to come by that flight. I told him it’s your mistake, they said you are right but we can’t do anything for you. So I booked another ticket from another airline cost me 2000Dh. I went to Emirates HQ to complain but they said you should contact our office when you got cancel notification. I said I didn’t got anything. So I lost my return ticket and I lost 2000DH. This is what I got from Emirates airline however I’m living in Abu Dhabi and I go to Dubai because I use to love this airline. I’m really disappointed and never expected that.
 17 B Aisle side Window seat, usual Emirates Business class seat. Crew on this occasion very friendly and efficient and knew what they were doing as I have had flights with very hit and miss service. Daytime inbound flight food good and entertainment very good. Full flight but very comfortable. The one disappointment was the foot well is not as long as the A,E,F and K seats and when 6'4" you really notice the difference. On this flight I would always try for another seat but it was full when I booked. All in all very good flight and would recommend.
 Great flight, seating 2-3-2. Plenty of space, wide screen TV great choice of entertainment. Very early flight departure 0210, staff on-board with passengers from Phnom Penh very friendly. Just settled into bed sleep mode 11 F aisle seat, bed was more comfortable than the A380 and would travel on this aircraft again. Slept most of the flight and ready for Dubai.
  Emirates is a pretty good airline if you can miss transiting through Dubai airport, which makes your trip a horrendous experience. It is exactly what I did. I chose Emirates for a flight from Brisbane to Singapore. On the positive side, crew were polite and friendly, on board entertainment was good, and I liked the food they served. On the negative side, my seat on the return flight my seat was broken. I think an airline is expected to check their seats function before long haul flights. Besides, the handling of luggage was poor. I checked in a new suitcase, but at my destination, I received a very dirty one filled with oil stains.
  Dublin to Denpasar via Dubai. I was expecting something exceptional. The flight from Dublin to Dubai was very average. I was not impressed by the seat comfort but I had 4 seats to myself so this was very pleasant. The entertainment was average with lots of old films which I enjoyed but these could have been better structured and novel. I thought the cabin decor did not look modern. Staff were attentive and pleasant. The flight to Denpasar was crowded in a 777 which had seen better days. No seats free and staff taxed to look after us. No structure of meals was announced so was waiting for food which never came. Video screens were small and I was the lucky one who had the entertainment box at their feet - very uncomfortable. In conclusion, Emirates disappointed. As somebody said, Dubai has got out of control as a hub and standards have slipped. If Emirates want to stay on top, they need to work harder and realise if one takes the eye off the ball, standards slip fast. Just about to enjoy 14 more hours of Emirates.
  Manchester to Mauritius return via Dubai. Outbound flight to Dubai was good. Shame the aircraft was on a remote stand on arrival in Dubai but transit to airport was ok. Flight to Mauritius was satisfactory though at times chaotic with cabin crew not very attentive at times, though understandable given full flight. Return flights were much better.  Made use of the Business Class Lounge whilst on a 10 hour transit in Dubai which was excellent with great facilities - had to pay GBP 80 for the privilege but it was worth it. Wifi was ok, but very unpredictable at times dependent on how many passengers accessed it. Good to see more allowance available for no charge. No complaints. Emirates are my first choice. Good airline Meals were ok, and service was good. 
  London to Bangkok via Dubai. I hadn't used Emirates for 3 years, and was surprised at seeing many cuts. Business class ticket was admittedly quite cheap versus other airlines, but even at lower price I felt value for money was poor. Seat comfort is not good and doesn't match many others I have flown in 2016/2017. Food okay, but nothing to mark this out as a premium cabin. IFE is good, although in reality it is not much different to the likes of Singapore, Qatar etc, just that they have loads of different languages and many very old films. Dubai Airport is now horrific, I guess reflecting how downmarket Dubai has become, and lounge was no better than sitting at a coffee shop in the main terminal. This was a 1-way ticket, and quite pleased I opted for a very different return route / airline.
  Dubai to Rome. The A380 has more leg room, more arm room and greater lean back. The onboard entertainment had a fantastic selection of movies, tv shows, and games for all ages. The food was okay, the soft drink was free. There were plenty of toilets on board. They were let down by the Dubai airport terminal 3 which is exclusively Emirates and is sadly under equipped (lack of toilets and seating). 
  Emirates customer service has certainly dropped their game since I last flew with them a few years ago. An overnight flight from Barcelona to Dubai - simple enough request for a toothbrush kit at end of flight to be advised they no longer do this. This is despite being given a kit only 2 weeks prior on a flight from Sydney to Dubai (to which they answered they do as its 'long haul'). Also, the beef option for the dinner meal had far too much salt in it, could not eat it. If you're not an Emirates frequent flyer it seems they do little to try to get you to become one. I'll stick to Qatar Airways in future when flying from Australia abroad, far superior service.
  San Francisco to Chenna via Dubai. I had bad experience with the air-host. I was given a meal that I don't eat. Upon requested to change the meal to the one I selected at the time of booking (veggie), the answer provided was that I did not select the meal. Fact is that I did select the meal as soon as I booked my ticket. In fact, later I called up the airline because I was unable to select Infant meal for all the flights and confirmed that my meal is selected.  I spoke to the air-host and he replied with a question if I selected the meal. He said he'll check the file and get back. He did not. When questioned, he said he does not have any vegetarian meal. I asked for a fruit. That was my meal for lunch. For breakfast, the air-host asked "What would you like to have (was given 2 choices)". I said  the one I selected. He replied that he does not have. I thought they don't have the kind of breakfast I was seeking. I walked up to another hostess without the knowledge of this person and she gave me the veggie breakfast.  I was terribly upset, tired with baby on my lap the whole time and hungry. I confronted with him on the flight questioning his conscience of how indifferent he could be. I asked who I should contact for this. His reply was that Emirates does not handle the food and it is a 3rd party company.
  Dubai to Manchester. I am Emirates Gold passenger. The A380 business class cabin and service is fabulous, and they always meet expectations. My family love this airline and my son loves the entertainment system. They look after regular fliers very well.
  Cape Town to London via Dubai. Friendly, helpful flight attendants as well as staff on the ground. Food is decent. Forgot duty free bag on transit flight and there were no issues retrieving it on flight back home. 


  Mumbai to Dubai. As we entered the flight we were welcomed ==by the cabin crew. Safety demonstrations done in three languages, English, Arabic and Hindi. The food they served was delicious. The aircraft was clean and the legroom was also good. Always a pleasure to fly with Emirates.
  Chicago to Chennai via Dubai. The flight was standard, with good service from flight attendants. However, the staff at airports gave very conflicting information on baggage weight rules. In Chicago, I was told specifically that my carry on baggage was acceptable. In Dubai I was told that I would have to pay excess baggage fees for 2kg of weight in my bag, which came out to US$58. I had plenty of room in my checked baggage and would have been willing to move some items over, but was not given this option in the first airport on my trip where I checked my baggage in. Airline staff at the second airport were not helpful in explaining where and how to lodge a complaint with the airline.
  Bangkok to London via Dubai for the 2nd time in the last 18 months. I feel that on several levels, the Emirates product has declined in quality. Being 2m tall, I normally never have issues with being allocated an exit row seat so that I can sit without my legs being restricted by the seat in front of me. 2 weeks prior to flying I had called the Emirates Call Center and spoke to a very helpful gentleman who informed me that exit seats are only allocated on arrival at the airport. Fair enough, I got to BKK early and was allocated an exit Row seat on the flight to Dubai. I was told that I would then need to be allocated an exit Row seat in Dubai. Upon arrival at Dubai which was 3 hours before the flight departed, I was told that all seats had been allocated. Nothing could be done. Thats it. Surely saving exit row seats for people who actually require them is a better way of operating? Other issues. Toilets were filthy, and were not cleaned during the flight. The cabin crew were rarely seen, and seemed quiet content to serve a passenger excess alcohol who was later abusive to passengers. Again, cabin crew were not concerned to sort or prevent this issue. If you want to treated like a herd of cattle, then Emirates are a good option. If you are looking for some basic comforts then there are many better options.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. As a regular in business class on Emirates A380 on this route for 7 years, I was not prepared for what awaited me at the bag drop on Sunday. The supervisor approached me and very pleasantly asked if I would consider being downgraded to economy as the flight was overbooked in all classes. Ready to stand my ground, she made it clear that would be fully understandable. Then she explained that in return for downgrading, the airline would offer the usual business facilities - priority security pass and use of the lounge - plus an unrestricted free round trip business class ticket on the same route valid for a year. Or she could offer me a business class seat on a Thai Airways flight leaving around the same time. Having read horror stories of downgrading and long delays in getting refunds from other airlines, this transaction was conducted without any pressure and with my full understanding that the decision was mine. I took the downgrade and proceeded to the lounge for an excellent lunch. At the gate, the same supervisor took me out of the queue, handed me the voucher for the free return ticket and invited me to board first. This was exemplary service of the highest order. The flight itself was equally fine. I had a comfortable window seat in the first row of the lower deck. Service was efficient and with a smile. I did not take the full meal but the starter and dessert were very tasty. With only one runway functioning at BKK, the flight departed 15 minutes late but arrived on time.
  Flew Johannesburg to Dubai. This airline is excellent. I do not eat beef and all the chicken on the flight was finished. I asked the flight attendant to arrange another dish other than veg. 10 minutes later he arrived with prawn biryani for myself and 3 others travelling with me. I must say I have been traveling for 30 odd years and this has been by far the best service I have experienced. Thank you Emirates.

 Fabulous service from beginning to end from the chauffeur service, check in, lounge and the flight on all 4 flights from Perth to Manchester via Dubai and the return journey. Every member of the Emirates team were polite, respectful and courteous and nothing was too much trouble for them. The food was amazing and enhanced by a wonderful wine selection both on the flights and in the lounges of Perth, Manchester and Dubai. As ever the entertainment system was excellent and for the first time I used the on board wi-fi with ease.
  Birmingham to Sydney via Dubai / Bangkok. Very disappointed with the inconsistent service at the airports. Birmingham ground staff and cabin staff were miserable and sarcastic. The journey then inproved from Dubai to Bangkok. We stopped at Bangkok for a couple of days and then onto Sydney. The plane was cramped, hot and uncomfortable. Long delays getting our luggage off the plane. I was expecting a lot better from emirates and the A380. Will be looking to fly with another airline in future
  Gatwick to Melbourne. This is the first time we have flown with Emirates and I cannot praise them enough. We flew from London Gatwick to Colombo via Dubai and then Colombo to Melbourne via Singapore in economy class. Ground staff at Gatwick were friendly and helpful and crew on board were attentive. Food was good and we liked having proper cutlery and not plastic. We lost an iPad on the first leg of the journey and Emirates not only answere pd our emails promptly, they actually found the iPad and flew it on to an airport of our choice, which was Melbourne. The staff in the Emirates office at Melbourne were also extremely helpful and friendly. Our flight from Colombo was delayed through no fault of Emirates but they offered reassurance and assistance and we made our connection easily with just 10 minutes to go before the gate closed. I fly twice a year to Melbourne and have flown with Air China, Royal Brunei, Quantas, and mainly Etihad and to be honest we have had no problems with any of them, but Emirates have certainly come out the best on this journey. I would highly recommend them.
  Cairo to Dubai and I requested for a wheel chair for my mother which was ok in Cairo but once I reached Dubai they bring her a wheel chair but after two minutes they said "sorry your mother name isn't listed in wheelchair request". I said it is already requested from Egypt. One very aggressive guy replied "you have to wait at least 30 Min". I requested to meet any supervisor or manager from Emirates, but they said no body available and it is your mistake, you have to check that wheelchair service include in case Emirates missed it. I called customer service (supervisor) for 45 min to complain and at the end he said "please send your complaint via email, nothing we can do for you right now".  Even though after finish my trip I sent my complaint without any feed back. Totally unprofessional, careless about people, It is just brand name, but in fact nothing.
  Singapore to London return via Dubai. It's my 3rd time flying with Emirates. This time I flew from Singapore to London, transited in Dubai for 1-2 hours. Their seats and entertainment are good and comfortable. But we are not impressed by the service of the staff. When I asked for hot tea, the staff would say "you can ask my colleague later", which you have to wait till you see a staff passing by. The next staff would say the same thing to me too. We had problem checking in the return flight. But there was an error saying that check in is not possible for this flight. We immediately called Emirates but the staff said online check in is not allowed at Heathrow airport, and said we have to check in when we reach the airport the next day.  When we reached the airport, we were told that our return flight was canceled. We were not informed in advance. The staff ushered us to join a long queue which we stood queueing for almost two hours! When we asked what happen, can we get another flight back to Singapore? The staff said "You will get to choose an earlier or later flight, or put up at a hotel. please talk to the next staff". The staff didn't even apologise. When we reached the counter, staff asked for our passport, focused on the computer and passed us our boarding pass for tomorrow noon. We didn't even get to choose! So we asked if there is any other option as the one she gave us need to stay another night in the hotel and the transit at Dubai airport is 10 hours. Our flight in London was delayed 14 hours and to make matters worse, the transit in dubai is 10 hours. And we were separated. We asked to get an earlier flight, but again the staff said "please talk to our staff when you reach Dubai". She also asked us to reach the airport 4 hours before boarding tomorrow. We tried to enjoy our flight to Dubai and when we reached, we asked the staff to help us get an earlier to singapore. The price I bought for the ticket is for only 1-2 hours transit. 10 hours is too much. The staff said all the flights were full, she could put us at a hotel in Dubai. We rejected, not wanting to stay another day in the hotel. The staff was then willing to help us and she managed to put us on an earlier flight and we were very thankful. The flight back to Singapore was much better, the staff  greeted us amicably. Totally different from the previous crew. 
  Flew Newcastle to Trivandrum via Dubai. Emirates is one of the few remaining airlines that offers a differential in Economy class. I love other airlines in Premium, Business or First but so few airlines now stand out with their Economy product. Emirates offers a fabulous economy product, the seat is comfortable, there is sufficient leg room for me at 6 foot 2. The food is good, I like being provided with a menu prior to service, a nice touch. Entertainment is the best in the sky in my experience. A free 20mb of internet browsing is extremely handy if you need to connect and do not want to spend lots of money as is the case with the relatively few airlines that offer any internet service at all. If you want more internet the prices are reasonable. Emirates crews are always in my experience excellent. My only (personal) regret about Emirates is they do not have a competitive price to fly between the UK and Brazil. Its a very long way of getting to Brazil from UK (I do this route frequently). They have such good deals to Africa and Asia I wish they would do the same for South America so I could fly with them more often!
 The basics are good and we had a good experience with Emirates from Bangkok to Düsseldorf via Dubai. Especially the newest A380's are very comfortable because the better seats and bigger IFE screens. On our outbound journy we had upper deck seats which are very nice and I do recommend to try to get a seat up there. The older A380's were a bit less comfortable and nice. The difference between the new and old(er) cabin is big, that's a shame. Food is good, sometimes we had to ask for a drink because the cabin crew wasn't walking around that frequently. The food, seat comfort and IFE was good. We experienced some things that annoyed us a little bit. The most important is the delays due to chaotic boarding processes. There was not enough dicipline to succeed the zone boarding system. Plus, the bad communication between staff and customers. Customer service told us it was no problem to link our luggage to Dubai only, and not to Düsseldorf as we planned a long layover to see Dubai. At Bangkok, the check-in agent told us if we wanted to have our luggage checked to Dubai, we had to pay an additional fee of 6800 baht each. Overall: I would recommend flying with Emirates because the comfort. If Emirates improved their communication, refurbish their older cabins, and improve the boarding processes it could be one of the best in the world.
  Flew Copenhagen to Mauritius via Dubai, EK151 and EK701. Nice experience. Especially first leg CPH-Dubai. Clean new aircraft. Good service and food. Surprisingly good legroom and comfort, the best I've experienced in economy class. Even the lavatory was clean and spacious. Lots of entertainment on big screens. Flights arrived on time or ahead of schedule. We really enjoyed our flights and will definitely use Emirates again when possible.
  Tokyo Narita to Casablanca via Dubai. I really appreciated my flight with Emirates. The seats were really comfortable and the food was very tasty. Altough the ground service was not very good. The inflight staff was helpful and kind and it was really good.
  Tokyo to Zagreb via Dubai. I will never again fly with this airline, because of the luggage allowance and inflight service.  Normally airlines allow one piece of checked in luggage and one carry on when you fly intercontinental, and then they charge you per extra piece of luggage. But no Emirates allow only 30 kg checked in and 8 kg (1 piece only) carry on, everything extra is charged 100 USD per kg. Since I also had my backpack, I would only carry on that, and had to check in my two suitcases and one carry on.  The flight attendants kept talking out loud in the back of the plane (I was seated in the back so could hear them the entire time). Apart from serving meals, they rarely passed through the plane to see if passengers needed anything. 
  Flight from Bangkok to Dubai with Emirates is operated using an A380-800. Business Class is on the upper deck in a 1-2-1 configuration of 76 seats. Although the seat reclines to a flat bed it is very narrow and uncomfortable. The large (18) cabin crew worked hard but the service feels chaotic. Rather than work zones they work service items. There is a bar with an attendent. If you do fly business on EK A380 alone chose a window seat which a storage locker for personal items. This is not an intefrnational standard Business Class. Food quality is good. My vegitarian meal was fresh and enjoyable. Meals are served on trays, not plated. Wine is generic. A drinkable Bordeaux was offered.
  Sydney to Bangkok on 24th July 2017.  Everything I expected and more. Punctual departure, warm welcome onboard followed by various crew coming by to introduce themselves and offer amenities (excellent quality PJs, leather toiletries bag) , welcome drinks etc. The suite 2A was super comfortable, shower facilities were fantastic, the food (caviar and trout) was delicious and the alcohol selection (Dom Perignon, Hennessy Paradis) impressive. The friendly crew went above and beyond, and could not have made the flight a more memorable experience. Well done Emirates.
  Seattle to Chennai via Dubai. I was forced to check in my laptop bag at Seattle while leaving for Dubai. The bag is within the specified dimensions and weight. Saw much larger carry-on bags were allowed. Always waited and boarded by the zone, but there's no space in the overhead bin for my carry-on near my seat. Immigration form was not given. When I asked for one, I was told that I could get it at the airport. If it's available at airport why some passengers are given in-flight?
  Mumbai to Vienna via Dubai. Web check-in was smooth – I'd suggest you check in at the earliest (48 hours before departure time) to get your preferred seat. Baggage drop quick, and the staff courteous and helpful. The cabin crew are amiable. Seat pitch, padding and leg room are excellent. The recline, though, should have been better. You are served a menu, although you do not get to choose in Economy Class. Alcoholic beverages included. My request for an extra dessert was met with a smile. On way back from Vienna, I flew in the 777-300ER. Pleasantly, all seat, cleanliness, food quality and service qualities are similar to A380 en route Vienna from Mumbai. The best in class is ICE Emirates onboard entertainment services. The movie collection is massive and up-to-date, the music collection is diverse, and the only space left wanting for more are onboard video games.  The display quality is decent. Navigability and discoverability of content is easy and smooth. On overall terms, Emirates provides one of the best flying experiences for Economy. The only thing that did not work at all is the onboard WiFi, which the staff claimed was not available only for the day.
  Dubai to Casablanca. The experience on the business A380 is excellent and in my opinion the best business class experience. Configuration is optimal, giving privacy and a lot of storage space. ICE is the best entertainment, personnel is the best asset in Emirates proposition. If I had to find drawbacks: long serving times for dinner, the seat could be slightly larger. 
  Dubai to Singapore. I have been flying Emirates since 1997 and I was a platinum skyward member till June 2017 before being downgraded to Gold. I am a frequent flyer to and decided to switch to other airlines because I do not receive the value for money anymore. The overall service is not so good like before, the Business lounge Toilet is dirty, the food in the lounge is below average, etc. I can't remember the last time I was upgraded. The only different treatment from being a skyward member is the personal welcoming after boarding which is so artificial and has no meaning.
  Christchurch to Sydney. Once onboard, the flight started with a serving of champagne and an on time departure. The cabin crew were very friendly and present, so help was never far away. The dinner served was delicious. The ICE entertainment had me preoccupied and the seat itself was so comfortable that I nearly fell asleep. My only disappointment was the flight being too short, only 3 hours. Well done Emirates, looking forward to the next journey.
  Dubai to New York JFK. Emirates lost both of my bags on Friday 14th July 2017. No one has bothered to contact me to give me any updates or even admit that the bags are lost and that they are trying to find them. No one has bothered to contact me to offer compensation for the missing/lost bags. It has now been 4 days and I still am missing 1 bag which apparently they knew was missing on the 14th and sent it from Dubai. The call center has been less than helpful except for the lady that answered today. Basically it seems no one has any clue what is going on and this is really unacceptable. I have been the one chasing Emirates up - not once have they called me to update me on the status of my missing bag.
  Budapest to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai. My first flight with Emirates. Budapest to Dubai flight everything was perfect. The aircraft was clean, ICE was awesome and food was really good. The crew was smiling and were friendly. The connection in Dubai to Kuala Lumpur was quite good, only 3 hours to wait. The second flight on the A380 was as perfect - I got a lot of food. Amazing ICE, clean aircraft and good service on board. 
 Sydney to Christchurch. The flight started off with a visit to the lounge, on time departure and I love that Emirates use such a great product for an International flight over the Tasman. The crew were all greeting with great enthusiasm and smiles when I entered the cabin and followed by an offering of champagne. Business Class was not full, which felt very exclusive and private. Breakfast was served after take off, and was very delicious. I love the ICE entertainment as there is so much available from movies, TV shows to games, and it's great to see that other passengers agree as Emirates won awards for it. To top it off, the crew showed great hospitality and was always willing to help.
  Booked to travel Dubai to Johor Bahru via Kuala Lumpur in August 2017. The travel agency booked me a ticket with Emirates and Malaysia Airlines. After that Malaysia Airlines changed the flight from KUL to JHB to be at the evening which means I have to wait 8 hours transit for a distance that takes just 3 hours by car, at the same time I'm going to miss my bookings there. That was a very bad experience when the travel agency tried to change the flight timings to an earlier one so that I could reach there early and take the evening connecting flight on previous day - that was rejected by Emirates as the fare I booked isn't available anymore despite there are many places in Economy class in both flights. The ticketing was done thru Emirates for all flights.
  Ahmedabad to Los Angeles return via Dubai. An additional amount was paid after few days for pre selection of seats. The seat selection was changed thereafter. A web checkin for my return journey from Los Angeles was done on 12th June. After initial food selection of Vegetarian Hindu meal while purchasing the tickets, on all 3 subsequent occasions, the seat preselection, change in seat and web check in, the meal selection of Vegetarian Hindu meal was repeatedly confirmed. After boarding the flight, the food offered to me was either Chicken/Lamb. On specifically asking for pre selected vegetarian meal, I was told by the staff that my name was not on the vegetarian list at all and was asked to wait till meal was serving was over. I was never approached again for food: vegetarian, fruits, bread or even cookies. The only food I was offered was a small Pizza & then a breakfast which was eggs/ham.
  Johannesburg to Larnaca via Dubai. I recently upgraded the first leg (JNB-LCA) of my flight en-route to Cyprus. The upgrade was from Business to First Class on the A380.  I was welcomed by friendly crew members. My cabin crew attendant for my flight was excellent and he provided a meticulous service. The crew member provided me with suggestions of wine to accompany all my meals, and a tour of the upper deck. He arranged a flight deck visit upon arrival in Dubai once we parked. The food was excellent, shower is incredible and allows for a refreshing welcome into Dubai. The inflight entertainment is excellent, and the TV in first is massive. I would recommend anyone to upgrade to and/or purchase a first class ticket. It is well worth the money and experience.
  We flew from Dubai at 2.45am to Sydney and were served breakfast about 4.30am. This was a decent meal, but we were not offered anything more until 9 hrs later when the next meal was supplied, not even water. After 7 hrs I went back to the curtained area and requested some water. There were about four flight attendants chatting and laughing behind the curtains. When we flew Singapore Airlines, they could not do enough for you. Were were constantly asked if we needed water and they supplied fruit, snacks and ice creams. Very disappointed in Emirates.
  Good bye Emirates. In January I booked flights with Emirates for my wife and me, Bangkok to Rome via Dubai, returning Munich to Bangkok via Dubai. Due to endless amendments by Emirates our trip turned out to be the worst ever. One month before departure I was informed that flight time from Bangkok to Dubai has been changed. Usually not a big deal, but I would appreciate to be asked instead of putting us on a different flight. On the flight Munich – Dubai one of the flight attendant refused to offer soft drinks except orange juice and water, referring that drinks like Fanta or Coke have to be purchased at the bar. (what bar? as we were flying economy). Waiting for flight Dubai to Bangkok at the boarding area, about 15 minutes before boarding we were informed that it was changed to a different gate and new ETD will be 13:45. Right afterwards their ground staff left without further comment. We found the new gate deserted, leaving passengers for more than 2 hours alone with questions regarding connecting fights, meals or drinks. After having breakfast on the Munich to Dubai flight at around 4am, I expected at least a snack and a drink to bridge the waiting time of 2½ hours. About 20 minutes before boarding the ground staff appeared and informed that the departure will be delayed by another 10 minutes. 10 minutes later we were informed that boarding will delayed by another 10 minutes. At this stage a considerable number of passengers lost their patience and protested loudly. Finally boarding stated at 14:05 instead of 11:45, arriving at Bangkok at 23:45 instead of 21:25. Leaving us for uninformed, hungry and thirsty stranded at Dubai airport for more than 2 hours is unacceptable and contradicting with Emirates claim to be the Best Airline in the World. Under European legislation we would be eligible to a significant refund, but unfortunately we needed to book our flights in Bangkok. With the recent reduction of economy luggage allowance from 30 to 20 kgs (unless you are willing to pay extra $ for a “saver” ticket) and the implementation of a reservation fee of 25USD per person, Emirates is getting closer to traditional low cost carriers, while asking for premium rates. As a result of their new policy and the unacceptable mistreatment during our recent trip, we will avoid flying Emirates in the future.
  Singapore to Melbourne. The flight didn't start well as the departure was delayed for over an hour an no announcements were made. Once boarded we found the cabin configuration rather cramped. Lie flat beds were satisfactory but fairly hard and narrow. There is no convenient place to store small items while sleeping. Overhead lockers were good. The mainly female flight attendants were distant and in some cases unfriendly. Service was poor. Cabin supervisor was good but he couldn't be everywhere. Overall it was a very disappointing flight.
  London to Melbourne via Dubai. I am a skywards gold member for over a decade. The quality of service is a bit hit and miss. I have noted that they don't strictly stick to skyward status while upgrading and some passengers with lower tier status get upgraded if flying in economy and business over more loyal passengers. I will be considering taking my business elsewhere as they don't reward loyalty and service is not that great anymore. To add insult to injury it is now impossible to use miles to upgrade on flights out of London now!
  Bangkok to Manchester via Dubai. When booking tickets I was asked if we'd like to pre book the seats a the cost was £20 per seat per flight, as it was a leg flight both ways this cost us £80 each. Outbound was great however before returning I was asked to contact Emirates which I did. I was told flight times and aircraft had been changed, and asked if we'd like to pre book seats - cost would be £40 each. I explained we had already done this and was put on hold, then told we couldn't have our pre booked, paid-for seats and given different seats. I complained at check in and was told I should have read the small print as I'd done it over the phone there was no mention that Emirates could change them if they wanted and that we were only actually paying to have either a window or aisle seats. We will definitely be flying with alternative airlines in future.
  Munich to Durban via Dubai. My trip to my son's wedding started with the chauffeur driver arriving late, apparently because of having been given the incorrect collection time. The flight from Durban to Dubai was comfortable and the FAs worked flat out to deal with a full flight. It was very useful to receive information on the gates for our connecting flights, before we landed. The comfortable facilities of Terminal A at Dubai made for a very pleasant wait. The boarding and flight to Munich on the A380 was seamless, with the bonus of the best chauffeur drive experience and facilities to my son's home, that I have had. The return trip from Germany to Durban was equally enjoyable and pleasant. Unfortunately, I need to mention two negative factors - the one being the ongoing poor selection of food at King Shaka International and the other being the chauffeur drive from KSIA, which I would prefer to elaborate on in a more private manner.
  Brisbane to Dubai. I am a skywards gold member and has used this airline for few years. The quality of late has been inconsistent with some sectors offering fantastic service but some offering poor service. I have noted that they don't strictly stick to skyward status while upgrading and some passengers with lower tier status get upgraded if flying in economy over more loyal passengers. I will be taking my business to another airline as they don't reward loyalty and service is not that great anymore.
  Bahrain to Nairobi via Dubai. The Emirates policy of applying excess baggage charges for items purchased in duty free on the DXB to NBO sector is arbitary. I have flown Emirates on a number of occasions and have never seen a weight scale at a departure gate in DXB. Each economy passenger was directed "as per airline policy" to weigh all cabin bags, including those containing duty free items. The response from Emirates ground staff for extra items bought in duty free was either pay the excess or return the items for a refund from the outlet. I understand the weight limits for cabin baggage from a safety perspective. However, I have not seen any objections from an ground staff when a passenger has purchased a number of duty free items in departures. Returning on the NBO to DXB sector no similar policy applied, same for the DXB to BAH leg. Emirates need to treat all passengers as people.  Staff at the gate ignored my request to have the extra cabin bag, (bought in DXB duty free) loaded into the hold, one option used by some airlines. Overall, if you strip away the slick advertising of the brand summed up as "we are the best, (in our view) what you are left with is an economy service that includes food, IFE and cabin crew. My conclusion is very much "buyer beware".
  Dubai to Taipei. Great plane, shame about the seats which are so uncomfortable. Plenty of space and quiet aircraft. On board staff looks professional and courteous enough this time around but food quality is again a let down in terns of taste and choices. ICE system is always a bonus.
 I was flying from Perth to Colombo with Qantas but the flight from Singapore to Colombo is operated by Emirates. As soon as I got in the flight the crew was very friendly and even helped me with my hand luggage since I had a shoulder injury. Once the flight took of it was very hard to speak anyone in the crew. I even had to wait for more than 20 minutes for staff to answer the call bell. This was not the first time experienced this type of behaviour as my previous flight to Colombo from Perth via Dubai everyone in the crew had a huge attitude.
  This is the third time my wife and I have flown to Auckland from Glasgow, it is so easy for us flying from Glasgow missing out the UK hubs. We checked in online and arrived at the airport in plenty of time and check in was no problem. We took off on time, the meals were good and the inflight entertainment was good. We arrived at Dubai and had plenty of time to wander round the airport before our flight to Auckland. The A380 is a great aircraft, meals were good and again entertainment very good and the staff could not have been nicer. We have no complaints about Emirates and we will use them in future. My son and his wife and daughter have just flown out from Glasgow to Auckland with Emirates last week and said they had a very good flight. No complaints whatsoever.
  Madrid to Melbourne via Dubai in First class. By far the best airline I have flown. Shower onboard, good food, amazing booze and extremly good staff. Flights on time. Would highly recommend them, Dubai airport has plenty of options. First class lounge very easy way to kill a few hours.
  Athens to Dubai. I enjoyed my flight. The flight was punctual and check in and boarding was easy. The staff were very helpful and friendly and coped well with a full flight with passengers of many backgrounds. I enjoyed the meal served as well as the food and drinks served. IFE was excellent.
  A very pleasant flight with Emirates from Dubai to Dublin. A very nice continental breakfast was served after departure. The staff were very polite, friendly and efficient. The IFE worked well and was very extensive. A delicious meal was served later. I was particularly impressed by the trouble the staff took with passengers with babies.
  Flew Emirates from Bangkok to Dubai. I enjoyed my flight. Check in and boarding was quite easy. The service was very friendly. Perhaps they could have offered some more food after take off when drinks were served given it was a 6 hour flight. All they offered was a small savoury snack. Breakfast however was excellent. The A380 was very comfortable.
  I was impressed by my flight from Melbourne to Singapore. Very quick check in. The service was very friendly and efficient. The IFE was very extensive and the meal very tasty. Perhaps the evening snack could have been a bit more substantial (just a party pie). Otherwise, a very good experience.
 Right from ticketing counter to boarding the flight from Bangalore to San Francisco via Dubai on Emirates was the worst. Boarding at BLR airport by Emirates ground staff was an absolute mess. No announcements of gate changes or boarding by seat rows. At Dubai airport, we found out our pre-booked seats were changed and given really bad seats. When complained and talked to the Supervisor at the Emirates customer service was complete disregard to customers. On board the flight, we have pre-ordered special meals was not even acknowledged by the crew. When informed about the pre-ordered the meals, the crew rudely said they have to check their paperwork. Is that a customer issue or fault? Seats are extremely hard and uncomfortable. This is our first and last travel on Emirates.
  Dubai to London Heathrow. This A380 was relatively a new aircraft. The business class flat bed seats were new and clean. Onboard ICE entertainment system is fantastic. The meal service was high in terms of standards with a large selection of hot and cold courses. . I do recommend the Emirates A380 experience. However, the ground staff at Dubai airport were quite slow and despite the flight leaving in the off-peak time at DXB, there was still a minimal delay.
  Sometimes I think Emirates forget they have passengers. Beautiful aeroplanes but that's where it stops. Got an upgrade to business flying from Birmingham to Dubai but wow did we know we were not a premium flyer. No lounge, no fast track, menu was mediocre and after a 7 hour overnight flight no breakfast. Probably the worst thing though is that feedback can only happen via their forms which they don't answer. The customer service emails don't work. Overall there are more caring airlines at Cathay, Singapore or Qatar Airways. Think twice.
  Auckland to Sydney. What an amazing experience. My journey started off with an early check-in, quick and efficient as always and relaxation within the Lounge, well stocked with food and beverages. Upon entering I was greeted and made very welcomed, the cabin crew even walked to my suite, 1A. The features of the flight was explained to me from meal service to the famous shower facilities onboard the A380. The meal service was delicious. Privacy within your suite is great, the doors closes with a touch of a button, double shaded windows and the seat was very wide and comfortable at any position. First Class was on another level and I recommend everyone try it at least once. The cabin crew were very attentive. I will definitely fly Emirates long haul to see how consistent their service are, crew and hard product.
  Good journey from Manchester to Dubai. Had a 1hr 25min connection time for our flight to Bangkok. When we got to Dubai the plane seemed to take an age to park up, the pilot said that there was a slight delay as waiting for a slot. We stopped, and were bussed off: why does such a modern airport have to bus people off such a large modern aircraft? Eventually got on to our bus. Bus starts up and takes what seems like forever to get to terminal, people around us even joked that we're going straight into town, it just kept driving & driving. I've never been on a plane to terminal bus that long ever. As we got off, an airport official was asked about Bangkok flight and says 'you better run for it!' So we run for it, two adults and a child. Eventually get to the gate hot and sweaty, no time for water or coffee, & angry that we had to run. No explanation as to why we had to run for our connecting flight. We show our stuff and then try to find our way to the plane. Nobody there to help, point the way etc, we had to ask cleaners where the plane was. Got on the plane for another 6.30hrs flight hot, thirsty and angry. The staff on the plane were really nice and gave us some water. We don't fly very often, but when we do we'll think twice about flying with Emirates again.
  Dubai to Hamburg. Great flight The seat spacing was large and cabin furnishings modern and luxurious. The food was high quality. The artificial starry sky and the lighting made the flight very pleasant. The onboard entertainment worked great. The flight attendants were friendly and helpful. I think Emirates distinguishes the very good cabin equipment with many  details. 
  Dubai to Singapore. Emirates was disappointing compared to Singapore Airline or other major carriers like Qatar Airways. Would not recommend flying with them as they damaged my bag, admitted it, but didn't want to resolve it.  I would recommend that you watch out with this airline of damaging your things severely and then absolutely not caring as there's nothing you can do to protect yourself. Very unresponsive staff across the organization which is not ideal. Everything seems like it's done in a backdoor manner.
  Mauritius to London via Dubai. Very disappointed in Emirates - I believed them to be a premium airline however we upgraded twice to business and both times were denied lounge access. The service onboard was also not great. Emailed customer services but no response as yet. Would not bother flying with them again.


 Another excellent roundtrip with Emirates Amsterdam to Narita via Dubai. Chose the Japanese breakfast and dinner options on flights to/from Narita, and must say that catering out of Narita provides me with the best business class meal I've have had on Emirates since I started using them 4 years ago. Easy to manage my booking online before flying, all flights on time as always, perfect IFE, tidy cabins, good connections in DXB. Flying Emirates is hassle-free is an a very reliable way to travel the globe.
 Emirates is an excellent way to fly from Malta to Larnaca. Check in opened two hours before departure, together with fast lane security an invitation to the excellent La Valletta Club lounge was given. This lounge even has an outdoor area where you can view the aircrafts landing and starting. A separate bus was provided to the aircraft where I was welcomed by the international crew. Juice was served before take-off, champagne in the air, then the menues were handed out. A three course menu was served with the possibility to choose between various alternatives. An international variety of wines and other beverages were also available. Landing on time after 2 hrs and 10 minutes. Free complimentary transfer to hotel in Larnaca. I great way to fly.
  Auckland to Sydney with Emirates. From Check-In to Lounge access, everything was very smooth. The Flight Attendents on board was the highlight of my trip home. They were kind and attentive, making sure everything from serving food and drinks to attending small needs was met with a smile. Nothing was too much, which makes this the best crew I have flown with. The Business Class was quite empty, but then it was only a three hour flight on such a large aircraft. Food was delicious, cabin clean and a very private and comfortable seat with plenty of storage. I would not hesitate to fly with Emirates again.
  Johannesburg to Newcastle via Dubai. This is the second return flight with Emirates to South Africa. Emirates may have competitive fares but this is not an award winning airline from my experience. The service on the last flights were poor especially the Johannesburg to Dubai leg, cabin staff nowhere to be seen, no water or juice offered inflight and the snack advertised a sandwich but this was also not offered and had to be asked for. The worst thing was that I had purchased the Flex fare which costs more than the saver but allows advance booking of seats. Emirates changed the aircraft a month before the flight but did not notify and the seat configuration was different meaning I was seated in a location I had not selected. Customer service was not interested and I received a poor response. I will be looking to use another airline in future.
  Chennai to Adelaide via Dubai. Emirates let me down. I had a lot of expectations as I frequently fly with Qatar and Etihad and based on what I heard, expected Emirates to be outstanding. Chennai-Dubai flight was outstanding! Refurbished aircraft (A6-ECL), the food was amazing, excellent legroom and crew were top class. But then came Dubai to Adelaide. I ended up flying on a old Boeing 777 (A6-EGW) which had old, unresponsive IFE (not touch screen), the crew were pretty much non-existent the whole flight. I had no legroom for that 12hr flight (I'm 6'2"). The crew did not wake me up to eat (even though I had the wake me up to eat sign up), they didn't give me my Australian immigration card. Sure, you might say they didn't want to wake me up, but they didn't even take the courtesy to put the immigration card in my seat pocket! Because of that, I had to go to Adelaide and get one at the airport security there to fill, when others just went past me. Alas, I was not the only one, they left out another 4-5 people without immigration cards too. The only thing good about Emirates is their infight meals. What I'm most surprised about is, how come a short haul flight is excellent and long haul flight a disaster? Emirates really need to get their heads together. 
  Mumbai to Boston via Dubai. Dubai-Boston was good. Flight with a lot of turbulence. Flight crew were kind, well mannered and happy to chat. Inflight entertainment system with an awesome collection of movies, tv shows, music etc. The aircraft is pretty old by now and you can feel it thanks to narrow passageway, narrow seats as compared to other airlines & small lavatories. Legroom is at a premium in Economy class. Food was ordinary as my travel agent selected Hindu meal as meal preference. Food was given on regular intervals & cabin was pretty quiet as it was an overnight flight for the whole duration. Overall, I love flying with Emirates.
  Night flight Amsterdam - Dubai followed by a short hop to Muscat. Slept very well on the A380, good connection in DXB and then a 46 min flight to Oman. I like Emirates' consistent level of service. Their pricing remains sharp, they really connect the world. Not to forget their excellebt webiste: so easy to manage one's booking, reserve seats, upgrade using miles. Food the only item to improve.
  Melbourne to Singapore. From the moment you arrive at the check in you have the most luxurious airport lounge featuring an extensive range range of fine food, drinks and services.  As you board the uppper deck business class cabin your greeted with the feeling you have just walked on board a luxury yacht. From the wood finishes to the quality seating, entertainment and food you do feel as though it's the flight and not the destination that you are more interested in. And they dim the lights and to show ceiling stars.  I would be amiss if I left out the professional staff that serve you. Sadly this all comes at a price that is beyond most of us but if you can spoil yourself one day and fly emirates business class on a night flight, it is truly an amazing experience.
  Paris to Bangkok via Dubai / Kuala Lumpur. Comfortable seat lay flat bed. Clean aircraft and very sophisticated with latest gadget and technology. Business Lounge in both Paris and Dubai is beyond expectation especially in Dubai boarding and check in gate is located inside the business class lounge itself very convenient. A little disappointed with cabin staff service, too robotic at times lack of smile and greeting. Overall it was a pleasant flight and enjoyed the A380. Would fly with Emirates again and hopefully the cabin staff could be more enthusiast in providing warmth service next time.
  Taipei to Budapest via Dubai. I experienced excellent service. The first leg from Taipei to Dubai was comfortable without any complication, and despite of the late time, the crew was friendly and talkative. Inflight entertainment is still one of the best I have experienced and now there is even a little tiny amount of free WiFi (up to 10Mb) to use, but you can buy a 500Mb plan for 1 USD. Provided meals and the selection of drinks were marvelous. A small sanitary kit with socks, eye cover, earplugs, toothbrush and toothpaste was handed out. The only, smallish disturbance occured at Dubai Int'l due to the delay (around 40 minutes) of our connecting flight to BUD.
  Manchester to Dubai return on A380. A fantastic plane and superior to the 777 product, the seats are a lot more comfotable, you can actually put your feet under the chairs in front to stretch out. In flight entertainment is outstanding, the flight attendants worked hard, plenty of drinks brought around. On outbound flight we were served a full meal at around 11pm, 2 hours after take off and then a light bun and tea prior to landing, it would have been more practical to serve a more substantial breakfast. I found the quality of food good, my only dissappointment with them is the charge they have implemented to choose seats, and if you're a family you may feel compelled to pay so you can sit together. However 48 hours prior to check in it is free, and I found plenty of seating available. Overall very pleased with the economy product, its a shame that european airlines cannot match the likes of Emirates and Qatar Airways on price and quality.
  Khartoum to Rome via Dubai. Very pleasant flying experience with Emirates. Seats were very comfortable and food was very good. The cabin crew very kind and attentive. On my way back to KRT, I had a long stopover in Dubai and Emirates provided accommodation very close to the airport. The transfer service to and from the hotel was efficient and fast and I was able to rest before continuing my journey to Khartoum. In addition, the fare was very cheap. I will fly with Emirates again.
  Kuala Lumpur to Milan via Dubai. This was my first time taking Emirates for my yearly Milan trip. Inflight service varied from one sector to another. From Kuala Lumpur to Dubai, the inflight service and food were excellent, not to mention sitting on the A380 Business Class seat was really comfortable with lots of privacy. However, the onward flight from Dubai to Milan Malpensa was not on par to the previous one. Service was ad hoc and food wasn't good plus the Boeing 777-300ER Business Class seats with configuration of 2-3-2 wasn't comfortable at all, even with mattress provided. Emirates is OK but not as good as Singapore Airlines or ANA.


  Dubai to Warsaw on May 4th 2017. We were boarded on bus which supposed to take us to the plane, and waited inside closed bus for 40 minutes with no information. Bus driver didn't spoke English. Doors were closed all that time due to safety reasons.  After 40 min we entered plane which was apparently not prepared. Cabin temperature was very hot.  After 10 minutes everything shuts down on the plane.  Captain said that we have another technical issue which should be solved shortly and we take off. Another 20 min passed. Engines start to work again. No changes in temperature. No one offered water. I asked two times flight attendants for water, they went away never came back. Third time I asked Senior flight attendant, he gave me little bottle. Finally air started to chill a little 3 minutes before departure. Total delay 1 hour 50 minutes. Why we were board to bus and brought to the plane if it was not ready and no staff provided clear comments what was going on. Simply to serve water for everyone would be very kind thing to do and just to clarify what is going on. 
  Sydney to Copenhagen via Dubai. Have been flying with Emirates before and overall experience is ok. On a last return trip flights itself were faultless - well almost - my original seat was slightly out of the shape and I had to change seats once. However my complementary Dubai Connect overnight stay was a mess - after landing in Dubai a little over 1pm I finally got into hotel room just before 6pm. I spent all time waiting in queues. Also nobody at hotel knew how and what time I'm going to be picked up in the next morning. Next morning the Hotel staff advised me to take a taxi to the airport and that the bill will be refunded by Emirates. They were wrong - Emirates customer service basically accused me of being cheat after I requested refund for the taxi. I took a taxi but apparently I had to wait for some mysterious bus Hotel staff didn't know about - I would never request the refund in the first place if I new it will turn out this way. Basically - Emirates, don't over-promise if you can't deliver.
  Brussels to Brisbane via Dubai. Great flights with Emirates. Consistent service, with excellent seat and IFE that make the long trip to and from Australia comfortable enough. Swift transits in DXB, excellent lounges with plenty of seating. Onboard food not at the very high level that some competitors offer, but good drink services and overall a top-notch longhaul carrier. Being a Gold member, one gets upgraded every 3-4 flights which is another nice-to-have.
 Bangkok to Paris CDG via Dubai with Emirates. Very strange feeling of having travelled on 2 different airlines. Bangkok to Dubai the lounge offered great food and drinks. Seats and aircraft brand new. Flight attendants extremely nice. Food was poor with no taste, no nice wines or Champagne. Dubai to Paris CDG the seats and aircraft were worn out and dirty. Flight attendants extremely arrogant, lazy and chatting. Food was nice and original, great wines and Champagne.
  Amsterdam to Bangalore via Dubai. Until now I have always enjoyed flying Emirates. Real quality however proves itself when things go wrong. And then Emirates customer service is very low quality. On our flight to Bangalore we got delayed by more than 10 hours. First airplane was hit by lightning and had to be checked, replacement took long and when a new plane was ready and we had boarded it turned out that Bangalore airport was closed during the day due to construction works (Emirates knew this before), we had to offboard again in Dubai and wait for more than 8 hours. Except for some not too fresh rolls no help or service was provided. Customer service refused any help, for instance helping to find a hotel, a place to sleep or proper compensation. We were sent from one side of Dubai airport to another all the time. An online complaint only gets a marketing answer but no real solutions or compensation was provided. On the way back from Bangalore I had pre-booked a dietary request: Asian vegetarian. It turned out Asian vegetarian was a standard choice on this flight. By the time the trolly reached me all vegetarian meals were gone. As a vegetarian I only could chose chicken. The steward said they forgot about me and again I only could get a not too fresh roll. Again an online complaint, some vague excuses as an answer but no real compensation. So to conclude, in general Emirates is excellent, but when problems arise the services they provide are like a low cost airliner. Disappointing and I do not know if I would recommend them.
  Amsterdam to Dubai. I already have a complaint before I get into the plane. I had made a typo in his first name when booking an extra ticket for my son. There was Sterfan instead of Stefan (so letter r too much). I called Emirates to ask if this was a problem. This had to be changed, because at the airport this would cause problems and could not be changed. Cost was 47 EUR. Really absurd. This feels worse than a traffic fine because you drove 4 km too hard. I understand that this is something in the Terms & amp; Conditions state, but for me a reason not to choose for Emirates anymore.

  Gatwick to Perth via Dubai and back, on the A380 and Boeing B777-300. My first impression is that the airline care for its passengers. The level of service I received in Emirates is equal to the service I got from Etihad Airways. Crew is very attentive to passengers needs, and are very convenient. I asked for little gifts for my children, they gave me four times (on each flight) a complete set of toys and miscellanous for kids. On the Perth section, we were only 127 passengers onboard the A380 and the flight was very pleasant, with a very fascinating InFlight Entertainment system. However, I got disapointed by the attitude of the Cabin Crew manager on one flight, and it made me think about never flying with them anymore. I saw this manager seriously harassing one attendant.
  Dubai to Bangkok. Used to be a very frequent flier on Emirates but standards have deteriorated more and more. This flight was probably my last one for me with that airline. Very nice plane but extremely mediocre service. Staff mostly seemed more interested in enjoying themselves in the back of the plane than to look after passengers. Food was also rather uninteresting, staff 'forgot' to offer any drinks with the meal, very impersonal service. Not that flight was full.
  Dusseldorf to Shanghai return via Dubai. J All in all not an excellent experience with Emirates being the leg from Shanghai to Dubai the worst. Boeing 777 aircraft in 2-3-2 configuration in Business class is clearly not matching the high expectations you have if flying with this airline. The seat on this leg was old style not fully lie flat which made this morning flight quite unpleasant. Also remarkable for me that Emirates provided only on the night flight from Dubai to Shanghai an amenity kit. The content even being from a high rated known cosmetic company is not special at all lacking ear plugs. Seen much better Kits eg. Turkish Airlines or even at Tap Portugal. In general the A380 cabin and seat better but inconsistent. Seats and plugs different on all 3 flights in A380. Seat lie flat but felt unconfortable to me as uneven. Also negatively surprised by the service level provided by the crew which was from hectic to chaotic. As noticed from others fellows in this Forum seems to be a hit or miss. Though always announced from the Cockpit "as award winning cabin crew" I was unfortunate and got too often the miss. Only exception was the crew on the B777 leg contrasting to the aircraft. Food always better in the lounges than on board. Highlight for me the Emirates Lounge in Düsseldorf. For me the best food offer and comfort level I had in a lounge. Will recommend Emirates but image is better than reality.
  Sydney to Amsterdam via Dubai. I made a seat reservation 2 months in advance and on arrival they took my ticket and handed me a new one with an aisle seat instead of the booked window seat without saying anything. I only noticed once I was looking for my seat. After the flight I claimed my miles for the flight online but when booking my next flight now I saw they were not added and when contacting Emirates they told me there was no way for me to still receive those miles even if I know I claimed them within the given time frame. These things should not happen if you pay extra for a better airline. The staff however, is nice and helpful.
 Dubai to Düsseldorf with Emirates. I got a free last-moment upgrade from Economy to Business. Flight experience was great, crew very attentive and helpful. Free floating Veuve Clicquot, very well mixed drinks and food choice. The full flat beds were extremely comfortable and the space was more than enough (I couldn't see my neighbor). Also I liked the idea of having your own minibar next to you. But I missed an amenity kit. This was a little bit of a negative point. Also there was a little bit of confusion during check-in. A lot of business passengers did not find their assigned waiting zone. The free Wifi is great albeit quite slow. Massive entertainment program like no other. All in all, a great experience.
 Bangkok to New York via Dubai. Very unfortunate experience on my latest Emirates flight. I'm a Skywards member that flew in late February 2017 and had a poor experience. Later I made a complaint via email including the details. They took more than 5 weeks to reply and then just told me it never happened. From what I understand, this is par for the course with their customer service. I'm horrified by the customer service for this top-rated airline. I won't be flying them again.
 Hong Kong to Newcastle via Dubai with Emirates. Had such a great journey back from Hong Kong yesterday. Flew Economy from Hong Kong to Dubai and slept most the way. Got woken up for food and loved it! Arrived in Dubai, used the lounge as I'm a silver member so got a shower, ate some food and then as I was boarding for the second leg of my journey from Dubai to Newcastle I got upgraded to Business class again! It's just what I needed for my eighth flight in two weeks! Needless to say Business class was incredible, the service was flawless and I had more than everything I needed for the flight. All the flight crew were lovely. Emirates never fails to disappoint me and for all these reasons is why I choose to fly via Dubai instead of direct from London to Hong Kong with BA or Cathay.
  Appalling customer service from Emirates. All good from London to Dubai, but then we were told we were not booked on the flight from Dubai to Brisbane as it was over booked and they needed someone to take another flight. We had booked this flight and our seats 6 months before. So after an hour arguing with them we were permitted to fly but were given alternative seats next to the kitchen. Subsequently we could not sleep because of the noise plus my entertainment system was dead. I complained 3 times and was told they would reboot it but it never happened. So on my return I contacted customer service and was informed my it would take 30 days to look into my complaint. Here we are 52 days later and not another word. All in all very poor and disappointing service from Emirates.
 Bangalore to Budapest via Dubai. My first international travel was with Emirates and it was quite pleasant. Airport transfer was a little bit confusing as the transit time was short which caused a rush in Dubai. The food and beverages provided were quite lovely in both the flights and the staff were more than friendly. Wifi connectivity was available but it was quite slow. The seat pitch was upto the mark and overall experience was pretty good.
  Dubai to Lisbon, EK191 on 17th April. Was this the same airline as we flew out on? The check in staff were able to book our luggage through to our final destination (Faro) but not us! This created a bit of a problem for the TAP staff at Lisbon. On boarding the cabin crew were chatting among themselves in the galley areas and there was no-one to welcome us to our normal (47K) seat in the rear cabin. There was a noticeable tension and seemed to be a lack of teamship amongst the crew with false smiles rather than the genuine ones of the outbound crew. Continental breakfast was served but the coffee/tea forgotten - our call bell ignored and when my wife went to ask for coffees she was told "okay but it will be cold". After this they disappeared into the galley areas for 5 hours, occasionally rushing through the cabin but ignoring our call bell when we fancied a drink before lunch which was then served 1.5 hours before landing meaning that it was rushed - coffee and wine were being offered at the same time and they wanted to clear trays before we had even finished the main course (which to add to our dismay was tough, grisly beef). The whole service seemed to lack leadership which comes from the cabin supervisor - so if anyone from Emirates reads this I would hope they investigate. On the good side the flight was on time, seat comfortable and flight crew informative.
  Lisbon to Dubai, EK192 on 8th April to Dubai for our sons wedding. This flight was superb from beginning with special assistance at Lisbon, on time, comfortable seats, informative flight crew, very good meal, through to special assistance at Dubai. The cabin crew were one of the the best we have come across, genuinely friendly on an a full flight, welcoming everyone onboard, regularly coming round to check that everything was alright and enquiring if we wanted more drinks and wishing all passengers a friendly farewell. Cost cutting was evident in that the seafood option has been removed as has the pre-landing snack/icecream, but the meal provided (braised beef) was tender and tasty and larger than previous. Price was higher than normal because we had to travel over the Easter period.
 Delhi to Amsterdam via Dubai. You know what to expect when you are flying with Emirates. The 777s are inconsistent in their economy class seats - some have USB ports and other have older seats. The food (AVML) is always superior and especially flying out of Dubai - actually the best plane food is served on Emirates. Seat comfort on 777 is sub-par in comparison to the economy seating in A380 which is the most comfortable I have been on in terms of leg space, seat width, recline and fittings. The quietest cabin on the lower deck on the A380 is the one at the back and yes, it does give a premium economy experience being exclusive with fewer seat rows. WiFi on board is inexpensive but can be spotty depending on the routes. IFE, of course, remains, fabulous. Cabin crew are mostly friendly - some are heartwarming and very helpful, while others forget their smile at home. All aircraft were very clean, have great in flight lightning including StarLight on the cabin ceiling (which I love) and well stocked, clean washrooms. The business class lounge in Dubai is sometimes very busy and the Concourse B one has the coveted Moet and Chandon bar which is a must visit if you have status. Showers are great and so is the food and service the lounge. Definitely recommend this airline.
  Zurich to Cebu return vua Dubai.  On the outbound, there had been no weighing of carry ons. On the return, I used e-boarding passes.  When went to board the second flight at DXB, they weighed my carry ons at the gate and asked me to pay $241. This would have made the return 40% more expensive than the full ticket price. After some screaming, they let me on without paying. The other sheep all paid, and there were a lot of them. If you want to weigh something, weigh people and carry ons together. That would be fair.
  Hong Kong to Cairo via Dubai. Emirates first class is a special travel experience. I could have flown direct to Dubai to transfer for Cairo, but I cut the journey in half by changing planes in Bangkok (saved more than USD2000), although that's 6 sectors of flying in total, but all in first class, and I saved a great deal. 4 sectors were in the spacious A380 with luxurious shower bathroom, the other 2 in B777, all suites. I was served with excellent cuisine, drinks and the service was so attentive without being too intrusive. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept on in the sky, and the shower incredible. While I was off to my shower, my bed was made for me, with night snack of fruits and herbal tea all ready. Emirates ICE entertainment system is the best system. The privacy door is a huge bonus especially for sleeping. The vanity mirror, mini on the side etc. Excellent massage function of the seat. USD 1 for 500 MB of wifi data, every detail has been well thought of. Then there is the excellent menu and such extensive wine list! If you got the budget or mileage to upgrade, here's the way to do it to pamper yourself. I took one star off for the inconveniently closed Bangkok lounge due to renovations. A shared lounge (CIP) was used and it was very lack lustre..
  I made a return trip on Emirates where I had booked in first class from CDG to Colombo via Dubai returning from Lyon after a stopover in Dubai. On the return flights from CMB to DXB and DXB to LYS they made aircraft swaps (without warning and without any technical reason). They put a 2 cabins B777-300 instead of 3 cabins B777-300. So, I was downgraded twice (at different days and on different flights). I asked the refund of the difference of fares. Emirates denied it and made a refund of only 500€. As I had kept screenshots of my booking, I produced the screenshots to Emirates. Finally, Emirates  refund the actual difference of fares (total of 1 000 € as I asked). It seems that Emirates has aircraft swaps when they maybe have in mind that there are too few first class passengers booked on the involved flights.
  Cape Town to London via Dubai. Flew Emirates on family recommendations and to be honest they were okay but not worth the hype. The 777 with the 3-4-3 configuration is uncomfortable and cramped. Asking £20 per leg to select seats is robbery when you are only transiting from one aircraft to another. that would have added £160 to the price of 2 return tickets. The crew were indifferent and did not really communicate with you, they were distant, I asked for a drink with my meal which never arrived and part of my meal tray was missing but by then I had given up. They seemed disorganised at service times. On 4 flights only had one 'comfort' bag with socks, eye mask and toothbrush in.  The A380 was a much nicer aircraft and reasonably comfortable and we did have a spare seat next to us. Food was again okay. Overall pay a bit more and go Qatar Airways. 
 Milan to New York JFK. We were so pleased with our Emirates experience. The lounge at Milan was clean and well appointed and staffed by super efficient and friendly people. Our flight went without a hitch. Lots of leg room, variety of entertainment, and so many food choices. We fly international about 7 times a year and have sworn off Delta. We are so grateful to have found an airline that appreciates their customers. 
  Generally very impressed with Emirates flying from Hong Kong to Arla via Arlanda Sweden. Efficient check in. Seat has good space, AVOD works from boarding to leaving plane. Good choices. Food good - drinks on request and brought with a smile. Plane incredibly clean they have 2 designated cleaners on flight! On 777 to Arlanda again good service, food and space. Emirates have a lot of crew and it really makes a difference. Some tricky demanding pax excellently handled by Crew. I particularly appreciate the 2 meal over 6 hour flight service. Loads of drinks runs in between. One of the best economy carriers.
  My wife and I were on the second leg of our journey from Perth to Glasgow via Dubai on Wednesday 29th March (EK25 and we were in seats 8E and 8F), we could not believe how hard the cabin staff worked, they seemed to be on the go constantly. We noticed some of our fellow passengers were quite rude to the staff at times, they did not seem to appreciate the effort the staff put into looking after them. Our sincere thanks and gratefulness.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Nice economy class seats. Good inflight entertainment system. Good inflight catering and good wine. Quiet aircraft cabin. The gate was quite far in walking distance from the check in counter and also far away on arrival into Hong Kong. Friendly cabin crew. Extremely slow bag delivery in Hong Kong that drag down overall total. Waited 1.5 hr for the bag.
  Dublin to Tokyo via Dubai. I secured a real bargain rate for a first class ticket. I did not see any evidence of cost cutting throughout the experience. Standards were high and the crews encountered displayed a high level of motivation. We still have the Boeing 777 as the only option from Dublin but they were all in superb condition. Plenty of complementary goodies for the ladies and as much food and drink you fancied at the click of the galley button. The Dubai stopovers were well organised and a really good room at Le Meridien was provided, along with copious food and beverage vouchers. The Timeless spa concession at the 1st class lounge I found to be a white elephant, unable to get an appointment and they did not mention this is only available at the main concourse B, after the long walk to concourse C. The only downside was not Emirates fault. A long reroute from Tokyo because of the tensions in the area and 11 hrs of heavy turbulance with the crew struggling even with the basics.  All in all couldn't fault them given the culture of cut everything to the bone by some airlines at the moment.
  Seychelles to Lisbon via Dubai. There was a huge line of passengers to check-in. The waiting time at that line took us about 2 hours. The online check-in was not available. The local airport personnel was rude and unprofessional. Coming to Seychelles we had more then one piece of hand luggage, but leaving Seychelles they insisted on Emirates rules of single piece of hand luggage at 7.5 kilos max. The Emirates representative was absolutely helpless.  When I offered to pay extra for 2 kilos of hand luggage she just said there is no such option and she cannot help. Emirates do not respect their customers. The rules that are enforced are very inconsistent and depending on your departure airport, but in Seychelles I was told that they do follow the rules while at other places probably not.
  Gatwick to Islamabad via Dubai.  Overall it was ok experience but I was expecting more from Emirates. I booked this flight six months ago and was travelling with infant so I had already selected bulkhead seats at the front of both legs of my journey. However, Emirates decided to change my seats two weeks before from 8A to 38D on DXB-ISB route making me furious. Upon calling them I was given the usual answer that the aircraft was changed which was a blatant lie as it was the same aircraft. Emirates need to honour the commitments they make as it was a nightmare with an infant moving right back in the aircraft so all the hypes of portraying itself as a family friendly airline was proved wrong. On the other hand IFE was great but food lacked taste and variety.
  Warsaw to Bangkok via Dubai. The planes were dirty. Cabin crew was inattentive and mixed orders several times and I found the business class food to be mediocre - seemed like an economy meal but on normal plates. The business class lounge in Dubai is overcrowded with long queues to the bathrooms. The food in the lounge is fine. 
  Paris to Bangkok via Dubai in First class, and nothing to complain about.  Very good value. A pity that seat has no Ottoman (foot rest), except on sleeping position. Staff was fabulous. Wines were exceptional on Paris to Dubai, and fine on Dubai to Bangkok. Lounge in Dubai is not very exciting. On board Wi-FI is blocked for Whats'app or Viber.
  Karachi to London via Dubai. Truly disappointed with Emirates and the overall quality of service that's provided. My flight from Karachi to Dubai was really comfortable. However in Dubai the business class lounge was like you had arrived at the bus depot - big and impersonal. The staff was stoic and looked as if they would rather be anywhere but where they were. This is the second time while travelling business class the crew has informed me that they are running short on the main entree and I could not have the food at s later time as they were warming all the food together. The food which came looked unappealing and dry. I will try my best not to travel emirates again. It's become impersonal and now have an I don't care attitude.
  Washington to Manila via Dubai. They weighed our carry on baggage and if you exceed more than the permitted 10 kgs, you had to pay approx. $50 per kilo. Usually in the past they don't weigh it, even the items that you bought inside Dubai Duty free. I paid almost $100 for my excess. They tried to make money out of the carry on luggage/back pack. I will not fly Emirates if price is the same as with other airlines. 
  Gatwick to Manila via Dubai. It was my first time flying with Emirates. The flight was ok it was with A380, the food was average, staff attentiveness was ok. My problem started in Dubai when I was about to take my connection flight to Philippines. I bought some duty-free items at Gatwick airport and more in Dubai Airport to take home. I wasn’t told it was Emirates policy that they assess every passenger’s hand luggage including items bought at the airport before you board the plane. The 7kg allowance prior to departure in London was more due to my duty-free shopping. I was told by the ground floor supervisor/manager that I have to reduce the weight of my hand luggage or pay $200 for extra weight or return my duty-free shopping but I refused to do so. If I don’t pay $200 or reduce the weight I would not be allowed to board the plane. I was speechless, and not expected this behaviour from staff.
  Dubai to Manchester. Very pleased with Emirates offering on this route. Excellent seat (18E) very professional and attentive staff throughout the journey. I have completed 4 Business Class flights with this airline in the last few weeks, always great bar service, and cannot fault the cabin staff. Great attitude, good sense of humour, professional throughout. Thank you!
  Starting with the best part: one of the reasons we selected Emirates is that they fly the A380 on all legs of our journey from Amsterdam to Bangkok via Dubai. The whole upper deck of Emirates A380 is Business class. The seats are configured 1-2-1. You can make a 180 degrees bed from it, there's a huge screen, a separate tablet (no idea why) and a mini bar with some drinks on it. Lots of space for everything. In the back there's a bar with lots of delicious small things to eat and a good reason to leave your chair from time to time, even if you do not normally visit bars. The A380 is super silent. We flew Business Class on a Qatar 787 earlier and the noise level of the 787 is so much higher than that of the Airbus. The A380 is the best plane we have flown, unbelievable that they have struggled for orders. Emirates has more: free limousine service up to 65 km, in comfortable cars and all well arranged. Lounges in Dubai and Bangkok offer great food and other facilities like a shower, the Schiphol lounge in contrast has just a few things to eat. But Emirates has drawbacks too. Vegetarian meals in business class are very poor. One of our meals mainly consisted of two salads of the type "what are the cheapest ingredients we can find". Why not serve what they serve in their lounges? The best Business Class meals so far were from KLM. No A380's but well thought about vegetarian meals. Also we phoned if they could combine vegetarian and gluten free. That could be arranged but it wasn't. They can't. On a business class ticket with a list price of multiple 1000's euros. And it really is not so difficult. Qatar could do it. Qatar also serves the meal when you want - Emirates serves the meal shortly after you enjoyed the Dubai lounge buffet. Two more drawbacks: when we complained the reply was something like "Sorry you didn't like it but Emirates serves the best food in the airline industry". So they can't serve nice vegetarian meals and on top of that they don't take complaints seriously. What I also disliked is that the entertainment system (which in itself is the best we have ever seen, title wise) displays news messages on all selection screens. Why would I want that? I am on holiday and don't want to read news. But it can't be switched off.
  My recent flight from Taipei to London via Dubai was thoroughly enjoyable, both night and daylight flights. Taipei to Dubai sector was full yet the crew managed to address passengers by name and were attentive. I love the onboard bar and despite full capacity, was rather empty, with most snuggled up to sleep. It was a 4 hour connection to London at Dubai. Even though the Dubai lounge with its facilities for relaxing, sleeping or dining, I had to wait 45 minutes for a shower to be available. However, I was refreshed for my flight back to London, the service was impeccable. Even after a Venison main course and cheese board lunch, the crew were inviting me to the bar for more snacks. I have noticed that the A380s on the Taipei-Dubai, Hong Kong-Dubai and Singapore-Dubai flights are newer seating than the London-Dubai A380s. My one small beef about Emirates Business Class is the seat itself. It must be narrowest - just an inch wider than the Economy I think. I am small, but I find it still too narrow compared to other airline seats which are 20-22 inches wide. One passenger I spoke to said he could not get any sleep and felt claustrophobic. I guess seat width has been sacrificed to include the clutter of the Mini Bar and Tablet (I've never seen anyone use the Tablet). Overall Emirates for me is good value, and cheaper than flying direct to Asian destinations, and I enjoy the break in Dubai anyway.

  Boston to Kuwait via Dubai. I was very impressed with all staff from check in on. I used wheelchair assistance and they were so kind and friendly. The crew on the aircraft were excellent. 
  Muscat to Glasgow via Dubai, Glasgow to Bangkok via Dubai, Bangkok to Muscat via Dubai.  On the first leg the Muscat flight was late taking off and caused me to miss my Glasgow connection. I had to wait 9 hours in the airport for the next flight. The late take off from Muscat was due to late arrival, cabin crew said they'd had to wait for late passengers, their service desk said it was due to technical problems and their complaints website said it was due to weather (taking 26 days to respond). On the last leg of the itinerary they cancelled the Dubai to Muscat flight without explanation and I had to wait an additional 5 hours for the next one. Their complaints department have refused any kind of compensation. I'll never use this airline again.
  Emirates A380 from Manchester to Dubai was modern and comfortable and staff although friendly and polite were kept very busy by a fullish flight. IFE probably the best in the sky and on a decent sized screen too. From Dubai to Jakarta was a much older plane with smaller screens but attendants just as nice. What let this airline down was the food. First flight they had only chicken left when they got to me so even though I was hungry I declined but imagine my surprise when later I saw the cabin crew tucking into the "left over beef meals" including the stewardess who had served me. On the second flight I was served what is probably the worst beef meal I have ever witnessed on a plane so again nothing to eat. My moto now is bring your own sandwiches whether the airline is budget or supposed premium class.


  London to Dubai return. Appalling customer service with Emirates. I was taken seriously ill and collapsed at Terminal 3 Heathrow. Emirates made trying to get a refund nearly impossible. No customer care and branded me a no show when I was in front of check in and attended by Terminal 3 manager who spoke to the check in clerk. Customer Services staff passed me from one person to another, eventually discovered that my ticket was blocked so couldn't get a refund until that was listed. No response from UK office, just not interested - and indeed if I had rebooked with Emirates I would have been charged an additional £200 but if you are taken ill and spend days in hospital Emirates charges you £213. How is that for customer services. I would have expected more from Emirates and whilst the luggage allowance is greater British Airways offers a better customer experience. 
  Beirut to Dubai return. The flight was comfortable in an old Emirates economy livery. The staff are professional and ready to help. The food was OK except the salad. The seat was good for my size with good legroom but the headrest bothered me a bit. The IFE was amazing, plenty to choose from and that what is Emirates known for, but the screen was hard to press on it. 

  Los Angeles to Delhi via Dubai. We have flown Emirates several times to visit family in India. However, in December 2016, an issue arose with our plane during take off. Unfortunately, it all went downhill from there. They kept us on the plane at the gate for 3 hours. They fed us dinner and right after we were told to exit the plane. We knew we wouldn't be taking off that night, so having us sit in the gate area would've allowed for more comfort and food options. After those 3 hours, we stood in a line for 3 hours to get a hotel voucher since the next flight we could be on was not until Friday morning (it was 1am Wed Night at this point) and did not live close to the airport. We obtained the hotel voucher and headed to our hotel, only to be returned because the hotel was full and said the airline didn't call them to approve the availability. Needless to say, we didn't get to a hotel until 5am. We were put in a hotel 12 miles away and were told we could get refunded for the Uber, but it's been 2 months since the receipt was submitted and still have not received the $58 back. Flight Friday was delayed again by about 5 hours, so we missed our connection and had to stay in Dubai a night since there were no open flights. So we missed 4 days of our trip. The cabin is nice, clean and updated. The food is usually pretty good for airplane food! There is good pitch between seats and good seat width. On our trip back though, our seat cushions were pretty poor in quality and rather uncomfortable/hard to sit on. I would fly again, but seeing how they recently changed their "saver" rates to where you cannot choose your seat until check-in, we are looking for another airline. For such long flights, it would be nice to have peace of mind that your family will be sitting together.
  Singapore to Melbourne. Before boarding I was paged to see the ground staff which I did and was asked by a rude staff if I could change my exit row seat for another passenger wishing to seat as a couple. I said no. Then during the messy boarding process I was refused boarding and directed to go back to the counter to see another ground staff, I was made to wait and treated as if I had done something wrong. The staff later took my boarding pass with an annoyed look clicked on her computer and handed back to me without a word. No explanation, no apology nothing such rudeness in the way they treat passengers. On boarding the aircraft witness an angry passenger who wanted my seat apparently and made a fuss to the cabin crew and chief Steward. She was a lone passenger so it appears that the ground crew lied about a couple wanting to sit together. Why should I be inconvenienced at the expense of others - am I not a passenger worthy of some dignity and respect? The service on this flight was at best sloppy and the crew seemed unpolished. Some were though to be fair so forgivable. But after the main course served the crew disappeared until time for a small second meal prior to landing which was a cold muffin and cold roll for breakfast - really bad! No orange juice, the crew just said don't have and that was it. No water runs between meals. Before landing crew collected the blankets and started to drag them around passengers and dumped into the toilets! Overall an average mediocre flight, crew service not very professional. I was so tired and exhausted from this flight. Emirates is dropping in standards.
  Dubai to Dublin. So impressed with my Emirates experience. From the minute we boarded the plane, the crew were professional and worked hard. Some fellow passengers were a little tricky to deal with but the crew dealt with them with great care and patience. We'll be flying Emirates again soon,they are much better than other airlines we've flown.
  Dubai to Brisbane. I flew with my toddler yesterday with Emirates on a long flight. I want to give very positive feedback to the crew on flight EK434 travelling to Brisbane on February 25th. Everyone was very courteous and attentive. My trip with a toddler was made comfortable thanks to the kind attendants. I will highly recommend Emirates to everyone from now on and look forward to travelling with you again in future. Thanks for excellent service.
  Dubai to Manchester. Boarded the plane at the last minute owing to delayed previous flight. The cabin crew walked past me three times without offering a drink although on each occasion she had a tray full of drinks. I did eventually get a drink but only after I specifically asked for one. A380 seats for me are uncomfortable and claustrophobic. Cabin crew service was poor and disjointed with the majority of business class crew spending more time in the bar area chatting, at times outnumbering the passengers there. The main meal was very good although the wine service was poor. Again, the chocolates mentioned in the menu were absent as was ant offer of coffee after the meal. In flight entertainment was good. This was the sixth flight on business class with Emirates within four months and each time I have been very disappointed with the product. Service on the A380 seems to be very poor.
  Phuket to Dubai. Aircraft boarding was haphazard but everyone was boarded 10 minutes before departure time. There was then a delay of over 1 hour as a mother informed cabin crew that her son was unwell. Eventually they were all offloaded and the flight departed 75 minutes late. During the delay we were asked what we wanted for a meal, both first and second choices were unavailable. Eventually I ended up having the lunch instead of breakfast which meant that there was not much choice for lunch. Cabin crew service was hit and miss. Seat comfort was acceptable and far better than those on the A380. No amenity packs were offered. Arriving at Dubai late we had 20 minutes to catch the connecting flight which entailed using the rail link and with faulty lifts in the terminal we just made the connection. Discounting the delay, I was not overly impressed with Emirates and thought that the flight was poor value for money.
  Manchester to Phuket via Dubai. Manchester check in and lounge very good. Boarded A380 seats 11E/F, not as originally booked as aircraft changed to an A380 from Boeing 777. Personally I find the A380 very claustrophobic and the seat most uncomfortable; there is limited room for elbows especially with the ICE tablet and seat divider screen getting in the way. No matter how much I tried, I could not get comfortable in the seat. Cabin crew were friendly on boarding but during the flight they seemed very elusive. A walk to the bar area on several occasions found that passengers in the bar outnumbered by cabin crew. Meals on this leg of the journey were less than memorable and service was poor; I am still waiting for the cheeseboard to be served even though I reminded cabin crew three times that I had not received it. And where is the chocolate that is mentioned on the menus but is noticeable by its absence? And there was no amenity kit provided, is this a cost cutting measure? On the Dubai to Phuket leg, the seats were much more comfortable for me than on the A380. The Boeing 777 was reasonably smart but was beginning to show signs of wear and tear, Cabin crew on this flight were OK but service was still below what it should be. Meals again were not too good, although we did get chocolates this time, but only because we asked specifically for them. An amenity kit was provided on this flight. In view of the cost of the tickets, I was disappointed at the level of service and the standard of food provided, although the Emirates lounge at Manchester had exceptionally good food on offer.
  Hong Kong to Bangkok. Flying with Emirates short haul appears cheaper than most low-cost airlines in Asia. Emirates provides full service, with generous luggage allowance (30kgs) on Economy Class. The food was great as one can choose vegetarian or low sodium diet. The cabin is so spacious. One can barely hear the noise from the engine and the flight is so smooth. We did not feel that the aircraft has taken off and landed already. The cabin crews are very attentive to the needs of the passengers. Aircraft is new and well-maintained. This is the second time I flew Emirates using A380 and I will definitely fly with them again.
  I have been taking Emirates service between Bangkok and Hong Kong a few times a year for more than 6 years. Little has changed (although on the more recent A380s there is unfortunately no side pocket for books, iPads etc.), the meals and wines remain very good, the bar at the back is excellent, service is efficient and the lounge offerings better than most airlines. Plus I love the aircraft. But I have to bring up two issues. The IFE Guide used to be user-friendly. Now the airline has jazzed it up, it is a design mess and extremely difficult to read! Movies have no timings. What is the point of that, especially for short flights? To find out timings you have to open each channel and wade through ads each time. So if you are considering which of 4 or 5 movies to select you waste a lot of time and patience with the added possibility you'll miss the end of the movie before landing. Then there are the audio programmes. Once again the classical music section used to be hugely comprehensive. Now it is another mess. What is the point of having a composer's name as the title of a channel - like just Mendelssohn or Mozart - when the works being performed are not listed? Do we have to check the screen every time? If so, then even that often does not provide the information. Wagner wrote operas and so is understandably included in the Opera section (although with no works listed). Yet he also appears in the non-operatic section. To find out what that included, I started the channel. Nothing on the screen gave me any clue what was about to be played. Never mentioned anywhere is the fact it is the opera Das Rheingold - almost two and a half hours non-stop music and singing! No indication either of artists, conductors and orchestras, all of interest to those listening. Something really has to be done to include more pertinent accurate detail in the Guide. My other disappointment was having foregone the meal and watched a movie, when it was over I went to the bar to get some canapés. As I went to the nearby toilet to wash my hands, there were plenty available. Less than 45 seconds later, everything had been dumped into the trash bins - even though there were still 35 minutes of the flight remaining and drinks were still being served. Surely you don't get rid of bar offerings so quickly - at least until the descent has started!
  Hong Kong to Dubai. They blocked seats so when I tried to check in online 48hr before, I was stuck in the seat they assigned me. We were a family of four travelling together. We were separated in the huge A380. I cannot move our family to sit together or even close by. I called the customer service, and also raised my concern with their social media team, the feedback I got was that all passengers had already checked in by then - which was ridiculous. And they refused to help. Their staff told me, in a quite rude way, that I should've paid a lot more for a better cabin. Second, on the flight from Dubai to Hong Kong, they ran out of food (food, not food selection) when the trolly reached me. I asked why this happened since there was fixed number of passengers/seats on board, and the flight attendant, at first, said that this should be expected by passengers, and asked if I wanted to have cup noodle instead. Until later she said that was a mistake. She then offered me one sandwich and said to me that it supposed to be staff's meal but I can take it (any staff will have no meal during the flight?) I refused. Later on when they started to collect left-overs, miraculously, the flight attendant 'found' one meal and wanted to offer to me. This is disgusting. This is simply the worst experience ever.
  To me, Emirates hasn't changed much since my last trip with them in 2013. It still offers free train ticket (in Germany) that connects your home to the airport. Flights from Munich to Beijing via Dubai were on-time. Onboard service was great with a good selection of food and alcoholic/non-alcoholic drinks. I went for some vodka and they served me Russian Standard, a premium vodka distilled in St. Petersburg. That was a pleasant surprise. The only downside of the trip was Munich airport. Emirates uses Munich's Terminal 1, which is very outdated and small, especially so when being compared to Munich airport's new Terminal 2. On our way back, at Munich there were only 3 immigration windows and a small luggage carousel for the 500 passengers from a fully packed A380.
  Larnaca to Malta. This is the only way to get to Malta from Cyprus and it isn't a bad option. Bought a coach ticket and a few days before EK sent an email for an upgrade to Business for Euro 320. One-way business fare is Euro 800 so I thought what the heck - I'll do it. You get neither the car service pick-up nor access to the business class lounge - it's stated when you buy the upgrade - but I think I wouldn't do it again as it's totally ridiculous not to give you lounge access. Check-in was friendly and flight boarded on-time. They use the 7-across business Boeing 777-300ER for this route which is false advertising as the upgrade email said lie-flat seats in private all aisle-access seating. But I had the seat next to me free and enjoyed the space. ICE is always the best of any airline so can't fault entertainment system. Service - the key point - was the downfall. The FA serving my side was lacking much personality, hard to get her to smile but I did manage it once. The male FA was mostly flirting with the lady passengers behind me and not until we lifted off did he come by and introduce himself. Food was average - had the same in coach on other airlines. Cabin was clean and again seat was comfortable for the 2 1/2 hour trip. Landed on time but priority bags came out last - which was a pain as I had a car waiting for over an hour after I landed. Overall it was fine but I would not pay for full Biz Class on any EK flight. They really don't offer the high level of service that they show on TV.
  New York to Male via Dubai. I am sitting in the Maldives a day later than I was supposed to arrive waiting for a sea plane for two hours, because Emirates overbooked my flight from Dubai to the Maldives. They kicked my husband and I off the flight with absolutely no other option. So we had to get up at 1am and take 4:30am flight to get into the Maldives a day late. Their rude clerks informed me this was my only option. Since we had to reschedule our sea plane to our island, I am stuck at another airport waiting for hours since all flights for today were already booked. Oh did I mention this is supposed to be my honeymoon. Emirates cost me a day and a half at my beach resort on my honeymoon. Their consolation round trip tickets are all well and good except I don't have any time off of work to travel again, and we really can't afford another vacation.  Their airline is supposed to be elite, but my experience has been inconvenient, rude, frustrating, demeaning, and enraging. This is unacceptable.
  Flew Emirates from Dubai to London Heathrow. Four hour delay before take-off due to a technical problem only apparent after we had taxied to the runway for take-off. Food service offered but never materialised. Child meals later provided were unhealthy and inedible. During both legs of the flight there was a mad panic from the aircrew attempting to ready the cabin for landing as if this had been delayed until the last possible moment. The flight deck reminding them that we were at 10000 feet and they really ought to be sitting down. At the end of the flight there was an announcement that 'I hope the delay hasn't caused too much inconvenience' Really? Arriving home at 1am instead of 9pm with young children? Missing the last tube? Glib nonsense.

  Flown with Emirates a few years ago and it was great. But this time, Emirates what has happened to you. The Glasgow leg I was so disappointed with no hot towels and very few drink runs. Ran out of meal choice of Lamb and crew looked disinterested. Was not looking forward to second leg of the journey. When my wife and I checked in they could not confirm that we would be sitting together on the second leg even though we had booked six months ago. Then it all changed, when a very helpful gent at the Emirates counter sorted us out with new boarding passes. It was the game changer for us. We got the best seats in the house right at front of plane 41a and 41b they were great. Food was great plenty of drinks runs, this crew were on the ball. The leading cabin Steward was very efficient in his duties and his manners were impeccable. Live Football, Wifi what a great product you have in the A380. Really enjoyed my time on your flagship route to Auckland. Will be looking forward to using you again.



 Newcastle to Bahrain via Dubai. I have made 5 trips with Emirates in the last 15 months, made up of 20 flights. There has been a steady decline in quality and the service provided. It seems that Emirates is becoming a budget hub operator. The prices have stayed the similar, however with saver fares you must pay to select your seat before check in. This wouldn't be too bad, but Emirates don't allow the purchase of exit seats which is bad compared to other carriers. The choice of drinks onboard has decreased and certain routes have had snacks removed, which existed before. It seems the cabin crew are not as courteous as I first experienced and even seem slightly unprofessional. My biggest complaint is that they cancelled one of my flights, gave me an alternative that got me to my destination 24 hours late. After calling them they changed it to the earlier flight meaning I'd make my connection. The way they came across on the phone was that I should be grateful they changed it for free. Now I had a long connection in Dubai and asked for lounge access as a form of compensation, which they refused. They said waiving the cost of changing my flight was my compensation. Changing the flight in the first place was their fault. Also, when I landed in Bahrain it took nearly an hour and half for my luggage and there was still half the passengers waiting when I left. Overall, a budget choice if you have no other option. Emirates is very much a last option for myself now.
  Seattle to Delhi via Dubai. Worst customer service ever. Flight delayed for over 9 hours, no accomodation at all except $15 voucher. Customer service guy just walked away from conversation when asked for accomodation and said that is the maximum they can do.
  London Heathrow to Dubai. The service we received today was appalling. This is the second time we have flown with this airline and the service has been consistently poor. First of all the staff took over an hour for the trays to be cleared leaving us highly uncomfortable in our seats. The hostess snapped at me when I asked for the trays to be cleared reporting that she has 400 passengers to cater for. Another staff snapped and told us we should wait when we requested for juice to eat our meal which was served an hour after everyone had eaten, as our preferred choice had .
  Again, a highly enjoyable flight with Emirates from Dubai to Zurich. The ground staff in Dubai was very helpful and super efficient. Boarding was very punctual and well organised. Warm welcome from the excellent cabin crew when I boarded and throughout the flight the cabin crew was just lovely and very attentive. Seats on the A380 are so comfortable and the IFE is just brilliant. There was just not enough time to watch all the new releases. The food was absolutely delicious (I had salmon and saffron rice), the service impeccable and the flight overall just amazing. Emirates is just the best airline I have flown with and I am looking forward to my next trip with them later in the year.
  Colombo to Geneva via Dubai. Very nice and comfortable flight. Good service. The vegan menu is good and tasty. The flight attendants did good jobs. Flight entertainment is really excellent. However, the free voucher for transit (for more than 4 hour) in Dubai is no longer available.
  Dubai from Islamabad, I couldn't have tea because milk was not available. The food was tasteless. The trip back to Islamabad from Dubai was worse. After reminding the steward that I wanted eyeshades twice, I never got them!  After landing in Islamabad, the next day I used Emirates online complaint system and wrote them a detailed picture of what happened. I get an email from Emirates in which I was addressed by a wrong name, indicating that the whole complaint reply process just involved cut and paste functions. Reply was "we do appreciate you bringing this matter to our attention. Please accept my apologies for not having met your expectations; I do hope that we can leave you and your family with a more positive impression on your future flights with us." They even got my name wrong.
  Brisbane to London Gatwick via Dubai, and a much better trip back. Clean aircraft and pleasant FAs. Particularly like that the entertainment system is working as soon as you enter the plane. Plenty of hot towels throughout the flights. Downside would be the soups which were served either lukewarm or cold and the showers within the A lounge, which were dirty with mould staining. Highlight was the fish starter. However no waiting for the facility this time. Also found the quiet seating area. Chauffeur service very efficient and no delays on either flight despite late departures from both airports.
  Warsaw to Hanoi via Dubai. There was a significance difference in the quality of service between the 2 flights. The mainly Polish crew on the Warsaw to Dubai leg were quite abrupt and rude. The chief purser seemed very stressed and the crew did not seem professional at all. The TV screens were also quite old and not very responsive. The Dubai to Hanoi leg was much better. We had more comfortable seats towards the rear of the plane and the crew were excellent. Especially, the Brazilian flight attendant who saw we were trying to take a selfie and kindly offered to take the photo herself. Her colleague even went and pulled down all the window blinds in the last few rows to make the photo clearer. I was seriously impressed with this level of attentiveness. So overall, Emirates is a bit of a mixed bag in terms of the quality of the staff. Some are amazing, others mediocre at best - and some downright rude.
  Dubai to Manila. I am a first time Emirates passenger. Boarding process was disorganized. Flight attendants seemed tired and never smiled. Even if I said thank you, not even a single response, just nothing.  There was no amenity kit given to Economy passengers. Food was so-so. Onboard announcements before take off and landing was rushed. I am not happy with my first time with them but I have a return flight to Dubai with Emirates and I hope it will be a better experience from the first one.
  Rome to Dubai. Very pleasant flight with A380. Check-in counters open more than 3h before flight, DXB offers an early check-in block counters. Fast boarding . The cabin crew on both flights were friendly as professional. A complimentary play kit was provided to the child. Our seats in both flights were on row 44 (economy starts at row 41) so we were in front of engines allowing a very quite and comfortable flight. Entertaining system boasts loads of movies, music, video and other information (also 3 real cameras). Meals were served prior to children and other special requests menu. Tea, coffee, juices, etc, never lacking. 6hr flight were spent pleasantly thanks to the cabin arrangements, ICE entertainment and spacious seat legroom. Overall, a fantastic experience.
  Christchurch to Sydney. After our Qantas flight was cancelled we ended up at the Emirates desk being checked in for EK413 to Sydney the check in assistant was very empathetic after our traumatic experience. We have flown Emirates before and had reservations which had led us to avoid them for this trip to New Zealand. Unfortunately even though they were very good to accommodate us the same problems resurfaced. The plane was brilliant, newer than the one we flew on in 2014 with a brilliant seat and inflight entertainment. The main problem is with the service and staff. Business class was no more than two thirds full but we were told that our meal selection was unavailable. When I informed the attendant that I did not eat either of the alternatives she said she would see what she could do. Her solution was to give me an economy main course, and not having enough food to fulfil all requests is unacceptable. The staff seemed disorganised and some had a poor grasp of English. My wife and I asked two simple questions of the attendants, one did not know and the other did not understand and had to get a senior. I did not have a dedicated attendAnt for sake of continuity and was served by 4 different people. No hot drinks were served after the meal. If you are paying a business class fare you expect value for money. I know we were transferred at short notice but by taking us we were still entitled to expect certain standards.
  Glasgow to Bangkok return via Dubai with Emirates. Reasonable check in, in both Glasgow and Bangkok. All flights arrived pretty much on time, even if late in departing. Usual variable cabin crew with BKK routes so-so, but much more attentive crews on the Glasgow legs. Economy class food seems to be improving in recent years though I think the IFE choice of films is not as good as it was. No remote stand bussing in DXB which is an improvement. Good availability of flights and good prices which are the main reasons I choose Emirates, though they are now charging £20 per leg to preselect seats in advance of the 48hr online check-in window which I find ridiculous.
  Paris to Melbourne via Dubai. Economy class is never going to be that comfortable, but the A380 from Paris to Dubai was okay and felt quite spacious. Changed onto a Boeing 777 in Dubai for the 13.5 hour flight to Melbourne - ouch! This aircraft was so cramped, width of seat excruciating and has put me off every choosing Emirates again. The fare was cheap and now I know why! Entertainment onboard was good, but couldn't distract from the pain and discomfort. To anyone thinking of Emirates on this Melbourne route, think again and choose another airline.
  Dubai to Beijing in business class, and what a mistake. I could have routed through Doha or Abu Dhabi, but Emirates was a little cheaper for business class and now I know why. The Boeing 777 had seats in this cabin arranged 2x3x2, and being in the middle block I couldn't believe how cramped, uncomfortable and positively horrible this is. One expects this from premium economy, but not business. The IFE was okay, but I had expected something much more and realised they bulk up the quantity by many multi national offerings and a plethora of old (not proper classic) movies that other airlines wouldn't bother with. The cabin staff performed their duties, not with any friendliness or courtesy, and I'm glad my return route flights are arranged with China Southern who at least offer proper flat bed seats and comfort in business class. Never again via Dubai with Emirates.
  Zurich to Muscat via Dubai. From smooth check-in in Zurich through to transit in Dubai and a short connecting flight to Muscat, where we were served a snack and coffee / tea on a 35 minute flight, everything was perfect. The meal from Zurich to Dubai was delicious. I had ordered beef and it was tender and tasty. The cabin crew on both flights were very friendly, attentive and helpful. My seat on the A380 was very comfortable and inflight entertainment kept me entertained. On the flight from Dubai to Muscat I was seated at the aisle and even though the Boeing 777-300 has a 3-4-3 seating it did not feel crammed for me. Overall, a fantastic experience.
  Brisbane to Auckland return with Emirates in business class. From check-in, the flight crew, food and drink selection,  seat comfort and inflight entertainment selection, the experience was 10 out of 10! I was seated in the upper deck of the A380 both ways, which can be an advantage. I look forward to a longer flight (Europe), with Emirates in the future. Keep up the good work!
  London to Dubai, my first experience with Emirates and I went in with some high expectations. At Heathrow we checked-in 3 hours in advance and it was very easy, however the staff didn't seem that engaging with the customer or enthusiastic, so I felt a bit dissatisfied. Check-in at the gate was also speedy considering the size of the aircraft. You get your passport checked before being called in for boarding. Again similar experience with the staff - no eye contact, no smile, and very low voice.  Boarding was well managed, my seat was on row 83. Very pleased with the seat size, legroom and overall cabin space. I consider myself to have long legs (183cm height) Food was excellent, metal cutlery and little details like chocolate and small snacks complement the meal well. The red wine was a highlight for me. Overall cabin experience was excellent including entertainment.
  Gatwick to Perth via Dubai. Emirates do not care and customer service is a joke. I received a bland apology and they flatly denied I was booked in as vegetarian, something which I double checked as I booked through an agent. Unfortunately I was served vegan food, which was appalling. They tried to serve the same dreadful dishes twice on the same trip. Not the gourmet food promised on their website. The cabin crew did their best to rustle up something edible, but when I finally was served a vegetarian meal on the last flight of the trip - a meal which had been rejected by another passenger - it was a very hot, spicy chick pea meal with a raw chilli in it. Not everyone reacts well to hot spicy food and I am one of them. Dubai Airport is a disgrace - the customer service staff were surly and unhelpful. I was not advised that there was a business lounge nearer to my boarding gate, (the gate number was on the pass, so that would not have been difficult) resulting in a long, last minute dash to the gate. On the return flight, finding the correct lounge was nigh impossible, and I and another passenger had to ask a cleaner as no customer service staff were anywhere to be seen. The signage was inadequate. As for the Fast Track passes handed out on both the flights, these were meaningless and we were herded through with the rest of the passengers. A 15 minute (at least) bus ride from the plane to the terminal was the last straw. To summarise I paid three times the economy price for a lie flat bed and a few glasses of champagne. Not the exciting, wonderful experience promised by Emirates, and they are so big they really do not care.
  A family trip from Jakarta to Jeddah via Dubai. Seat was okay while In-flight Entertainment was various. The screen from Jakarta to Dubai was more interactive as it was a newer type of screen, depends on which aircraft one'll fly with. Food had a middle-eastern style taste and it was unexpectedly good. Wi-Fi was available, but didn't check it out. On the other hand, staffs were curt. The use of "please" from staffs can be increased. On the bright side, everyone still did their job. In a nutshell, hospitality can be enhanced.
  Due to heavy fog at Gatwick on 23rd January I was unable to arrive into Gatwick from Copenhagen to make it to my Emirates flight. Most flights were delayed 7-8 hours on arrival in Gatwick. I explained this to Emirates without luck. Gatwick only had departures and not arrivals from 6am to 2pm that day. Emirates refused to put me on the next flight despite explaining that it was not my fault. As a result I lost 500 Euros and had to go back to Copenhagen, and my hotel bookings were lost. Holidays ruined by Emirates are not humane and they do not care about you! 
  Very pleasant trip from Yangon to Manchester via Dubai. Pleased to see that there is a business class lounge in Yangon, shared with other airlines, as this is not mentioned on Emirates website. The lounge was very comfortable though with very limited food post-midnight. The cabin crew were very helpful on both legs of the journey and provided much better service on both legs than on recent trips. In particular, they accommodated a small bamboo stool (souvenir) that was marginally over the luggage dimensions though fitted OK into the larger overhead lockers (ground staff wanted to put it in the hold). They also greeted me by name on the DXB-MAN flight and offered to show me how all the seat / screen controls worked. The seats were very comfy on both the new Boeing 777 (RGN-DXB) and the older A380 (DXB-MAN). I asked to change my breakfast from Express to Continental and the cabin crew agreed immediately. The food is never exceptional on Emirates but it was tasty. The New Zealand Pinot Noir wine was excellent. The cabin crew were very attentive in bringing and removing towels / food and drink. I didn't manage to connect to wifi, though this sometimes depends which country we are over.
  Emirates was simply brilliant. I flew four flights with them in a week, London Heathrow to Mumbai via Dubai, returning from Delhi to London via Dubai, and all flights were perfect. The sector DEL to DXB was delayed as Delhi airport authorities decided to shut the airport for an hour due to national day preparations so we sat there for an hour meaning that the time at Dubai for connecting my onward flight was minimal. However Emirates pulled it out of the bag and I made my connecting flight and my bags were there at Heathrow as well! Despite flying economy my seat was comfortable with plenty of legroom, the entertainment was superb with thousands of films and TV programmes to watch and the food was fine. The flight attendants were friendly and efficient, especially those from Europe and South East Asia. I have no hesitation in flying with Emirates again.
 Cape Town to Sydney via Dubai. Emirates has to be the worst airline I have ever travelled with. They state on your ticket that you are allowed 30kg of checked in baggage. However, when you check in this changes to two 23kg bags. Now because most passengers are over 23kg and are not in a position to buy a new bag at the airport, they let you "get out" of the dilemma by paying $75 (USA). Most passengers I met on board stated they had to pay this amount. When myself and the other passengers inquired about this amount to ground staff, we were all rudely told "you need to read the fine print and that it a new Emirates policy". I was also shouted at by the senior manager in Cape Town because I asked him to explain why this policy was in place. After we argued for almost 30 mins, he turned to the other ground staff and started laughing. They also ran out of food and I had to miss dinner despite paying for this service. Staff on board also don't seem to like their job as they don't respond to the assistance light and frequently forget what they told you. As a frequent traveller to all parts of the world, this is the worst airline I have ever flown. Emirates has become an arrogant airline which now seems to accept bad service and rude staff. I will never travel with them ever again.
  Gatwick to Brisbane via Dubai. Travelled on the evening flight from the UK, transitting Dubai mid morning with the Brisbane leg being a night flight. Good points - prompt chauffer service at both ends, good lounge at Gatwick with reasonable range of food, wide range of films and the entertainment system is available as soon as you board, heated towels at regular intervals, comfy seating with mattress topper for sleep, fast track security pass. Negatives - patchy on board service, untidy and tired looking plane on the Brisbane leg, lack of sleep suits. Major problem was the transfer at Dubai. Gatwick flight's arrival into Terminal A was delayed by over an hour due to fog. We then found that the Brisbane flight was leaving from Terminal B, a train ride away where the Business Lounge is much poorer than in A. Due to restricted time for transfer my wife did not use the shower facility, the gents was ok but tiny cubicle. Went to the Boarding Gate on time but plane was parked off stand on the other side of the airport. Bus transfer needed and chaos seemed to ensue. We were at least an hour in the lounge/queuing on the stairs - not acceptable for business customers. Plane was then delayed leaving Dubai and arrived at Brisbane about 2 hours late. This created issues with our ongoing transfer. We are hoping that our return to the UK in Feb will not suffer the same delays.
 Savannah to Cochin via New York JFK and Dubai. Emirates has collaborated with Jetblue to allow seamless transitions between continents. However, the Emirates website was not updated to include the courtesy layover package (visa on arrival / hotel) for the 14 hours we were forced to stay in the airport, waiting for our connection. We tried a lot to reason with the online customer service and ground staff but they refused to work around the issue. We were travelling with a 1 year old and it was a miserable 14 hours. After the long wait in the terminal, we had to board a 13 hour flight to New York which unnecessarily made our travel very hectic. There was an earlier flight to New York but ground staff refused. They were rude and belittling, likely due to lack of sensitivity training. They spoke broken English and got aggravated when asked to repeat. We expected them to take responsibility for the website flaw and treat our family with respect.
  
Flew Emirates from Dubai to Mumbai. Frequent flyer with Emirates. Modern aircrafts with the best inflight entertainment and good meals. Dedicated terminal in Dubai with excellent facilities. Overall comfortable. Snobbish staff. Worst thing about this airline - Stingy on drinks on Dubai-Mumbai route. Almost all flights on Dubai-Mumbai routes are always delayed by 30 mins. Offers very expensive tickets on long routes compared to other airlines, taking advantage of being able to offer those routes non-stop.


  Pure nightmare. I travelled with a 4yrs old who has special needs. I was allocated a seat in the upper deck which is close to business class. My seat was changed a few minutes before boarding with this unbelievable reason “your child has autism so he can’t seat near the business area”! We were then moved to the lower deck to the end of the plane (from 27 to 87) where we could enjoy the toilet flushing sound throughout the 7hrs flight from Dubai to Birmingham. Not only that I was relying on my son’s pushchair as he gets tired walking long distance. They lost the first pushchair on the way to Dubai, texted me the next day and asked me to collect it, had to take taxi from Sharjah to Dubai, waited in the lost luggage office for hours to be told the text message was wrong and they haven’t yet found the pushchair. Ok, organized another pushchair and this was again lost on the way back to Birmingham. I have been calling their call center for the last 10 days, every time talked to a new person but same reply, “we will email Birmingham airport, they will get back to you”!  So far nothing has happened and I had to buy a new pushchair for my son. 
  Bangkok to Dubai. I was worried about some of the negative reviews about Emirates at first. Fortunately, my new year's eve flight was one of the best I've ever had in years. Very friendly, hard-working and charming team of international crew, a medium load, free wifi for 10 mb, or only USD1 for 500 mb, all made for a great journey. Catering standard was better than average, a great choice of drinks and wine etc. The bar at the back of the upper deck is a must do. A lot of passengers went to sleep, I was having fun with the crew counting down to the new year, a first for me on the air! If ever there was one minor imperfection, that would be the dining table of my seat, which was badly designed in a way, when opened and folded down, it cuts almost into my stomach (I am stocky). Dining was not exactly comfortable with this fatal design fault. I took one mark off because of that. Otherwise, it's a perfect 10 from me.
  Hyderabad to London via Dubai. After being advised that I could change my flight for my return journey, I managed to find a flight earlier and tried to pay for the ticket using my UK card, (for which I got charged for a failed transaction), Two credit cards from India and failed. There was money in the accounts but they couldn't take the money. I was advised to bring in cash to the airport on the day of travel. So I painstakingly managed to get 20,000 Rupees when currency was scarce in India and took it to the airport. The rude woman over the phone at the airport Emirates office just said she couldn't take my money because the call centre people didn't put the amount to pay on the ticket but it was confirmed conditionally? Didn't get that logic at all. So I had to call the call centre after putting some more credit as the average call time for a call to Emirates is a minimum of half an hour to an hour. Then the manager comes on the phone and directs me to someone else in the airport. I was due to fly at 9:20pm and hadn't paid for my ticket until 7:15 pm. I was scared to death as I had to report to work the next day.  The casual and careless attitude of the Emirates airport staff didn't help relieve the tension. Somehow after going through so many people and so many phone calls I have finally managed to pay for my ticket and nearly didn't get my change if I didn't impose on it. It has been an absolute nightmare journey with Emirates. 
  My flight from Dublin to Hong Kong via Dubai was pleasant. The flight is good value for money, cheaper than flights that I used to go on that connect through Heathrow. I felt the service was standard and comparable to other airlines I have flown long haul. The journey is split into two 8 hours flights with a layover between. Due to the timing of the dinner and breakfast service, getting a long period of rest was difficult. They were slow to turn off the cabin lights to allow passengers to rest. In the past when I went through Heathrow I felt the crew were quicker to serve the first meal and served the last meal much closer to landing, maximising the rest period. And they were quicker to turn off lights. In my second leg from Dubai to Hong Kong, a child had vomited at the back of the plane by the lavatory. The crew seemed to struggle to come up with a way to deal with it but they improvised in the end. I would have thought vomit on the floor would have been something they had a procedure for.
  Gatwick to Perth return via Dubai. Excellent level of service.  Modern, comfortable, clean aircraft. Approachable smiling cabin crew. High ratio to passengers in first class cabin. Lounge facilities in Dubai excellent. Only one question which applies to most airlines? Why do they allow infants in premium cabins. A 7 hour flight of having a non stop screaming baby is just not on.
  Seattle to Thiruvananthapuram via Dubai.  I was travelling with my kids, which includes an infant. The staff on the flight from Seattle to Dubai were rude and non-cooperative. I requested for warm water to prepare some food for my kid and it was provided after 2 hrs even after me telling them in the first place that it is for the infant's meal. At the airport just before boarding they made a fuss about my one cabin baggage being 8 kg and wanted me to move the 1 kg to another bag even though the total weight of the baggage's were less than the allowed weight limit for 3 people.  I had requested special meals due to some dietary requirements. The tray was provided well before the meal was served to rest of the passengers. With a one year old how many hours can I handle the tray? On requesting the crew member to help me out by taking the tray the response was we cannot do it as we are serving other passengers. All of them responded in a very arrogant manner. The passenger who was sitting on the aisle seat was so accommodating that he agreed to switch seats with me seeing my plight. I had to go to the kitchen area to get warm water every single time with my little one. The screen in-front of my seat was not working. I just wanted it to be switched off. The crew member said it will be done in 5 minutes and that he will be back in 5 minutes. Apparently he came after 5 hrs. The airlines says that they take care of people who are travelling with kids which is not true. The other passengers (elder people) were so kind that they offered to hold the baby for a few minutes so that I can use the restroom. On our return flight, I had requested for gluten-free meal which was provided in the flight from TRV to Dubai but was denied on the flight from Dubai to Seattle stating that I had not made the choice, even though i had opted for it in all the flights to and fro. I do want to thank the crew on the flight from Dubai to Thiruvananthapuram who were helpful and accommodating. They helped me out without even requesting. They took care of the baby so that I could use the restroom and also made sure that the passengers travelling with kids had a comfortable pleasant flight.
  It would seem to me that Emirates have spent all their money on advertising and celeb associations while overlooking the upkeeping of their planes or training their staff. My return flight London to Melbourne was one of the worst flight related experiences I've been through and a huge disappointment. One half of the entertainment screen on the first leg of the journey (LHR to DXB) was unresponsive so I gave up on trying to watch anything. The provided headphones are awful, and you can't use you own because of the archaic two ports stereo jack they work with. The food was simply awful on 4 of the 5 flight legs on my journey. Apart from the crackers and cheese, I ate next to nothing. Airport staff are incredibly slow at doing anything. Just one example: boarding our connecting flight in Singapore, they chose to guide all the 800 or so passengers onto the plane by having a junior member of staff hold boards with the boarding zones up. If you haven't been in the Singapore airport before, you'll probably not know that a huge part of the seating area at the boarding gate is behind the counter, so if you were sitting there, you couldn't see the boards at all, while another member of staff was trying to shout what zones were being boarded when. This confused a lot of people, that simply couldn't hear or see what was being announced. The worst is yet to come, as our return flight MEL to DXB was delayed by two hours due to fog on an earlier flight, this made us miss our connecting flights in Dubai. You'd think that, with such a big airline as Emirates everything would be fine as they surely have other flights to go onto. You would be wrong though, we were rebooked onto a flight the next morning, so 45 people on the London flight alone were stuck in Dubai for a full day. Again, staff were slow taking more than an hour to process the 10 of us in the queue.
  Islamabad to Bologna via Dubai Before booking flight, I checked the ratings of all airlines because I wanted my mother to have a comfortable flight. I won't be using this airline again.  Flight was delayed for more than an hour due to bad weather which one can ignore. However, flight from Islamabad to Dubai was ok even though the airplane was not very clean. Staff was cooperative. But as soon as we landed in Dubai, we were like stranded. There was no counter or any staff to help us or guide us. The fellow passengers were helpful enough to guide us. We had 18 hrs connecting flight to Bologna. It took us more than a hour to find the Emirates counter regarding hotel room. My mother cannot walk a lot. Finally when we found the counter and asked for hotel room, Emirates staff was rude and denied us room. Finally, seeing condition of my mother I offered to pay for the room. Even then, the woman sitting on counter said her shift was over and she wont help us out; we should wait till after 5 (our flight landed in Duabi at 3:00PM). After waiting for almost an hour the Emirates took around 1100 Dirhams from us for one night stay (visa fee included). But all this process took around 4 hrs as we reached hotel at 7:30 PM , extremely exhausted. When we thought all that was bad was behind us, the flight to Bologna turned out to be even a worse experience. The air hostesses were not cooperative at all. The rating I give for Cabin Staff Service is only because of staff in flight from Islamabad to Dubai.
  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Purchased the ticket last minute due to sudden change of plan, approached check in desk 60 minutes before a supposedly 13:45 departure and was told off about being late. Once airside, boarding was not announced until 13:45 and flight departed at 15:00. There were many Emirates staff hanging around at the gate but no one bothered to make an announcement. Clearly Bangkok's gate holding lounges are not designed to accommodate a full load of A380 passengers and it was jam packed. No effort was made by the Emirates ground staff to separate passengers. Boarding at the beginning was a free flow until several very sultry ground staff restored order. Once on board, cabin crew was cold. The lady responsible for the area I sat in was very rude with people that do not speak fluent English when distributing the 'meal' (tasteless and cold curry chicken rice) and if you dare to ask her for something she does not have in the trolley (Diet Coke for example), the request would fall on deaf ear. Despite such rudeness, service was slow and inefficient. They only served the meal one hour after take off and barely managed to collect the trays at top of descent. Inflight entertainment was good and a saving grace so that you do not have to speak with the crew.
  Bucharest to Perth via Athens and Dubai. Booked online thinking they are a 'premium airline' that offers great all-round service and the flights they had would get us home a bit quicker than our usual airline so we took a chance. Booking went smoothly until we tried to select seats! Couldn't select first leg at all (understandable as with another airline and of course directed to that airline that didn't even recognise the booking!). Second leg booked seats together OK. But site wouldn't give access to third leg - Dubai to Perth. Kept trying and after day of trying got access. 5 seats left and none together! You have to be joking. Booking made as two people. So they get your money but then you can't even sit together. Absolute joke Emirates. Needless to say we won't ever use Emirates again. We will stick to our usual airline in future. Unfortunately I see many have the same issue with seat allocations. Should have done my research better.
  Paris to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai.I am disappointed with Emirates. The entertainment is excellent, the food is good, the seat is comfortable, the aircraft is clean, the staff are okay. My flight from Paris to Dubai was delayed 3 hours because of bad weather. The ground staff at Paris reassured us that we will be taken care of if we missed our connecting flight. We landed at Dubai at about 10.20 pm instead of the scheduled 9.40 pm. We need about 5-10 minutes to get off the plane and proceed to the transit area. There were 2 staff holding boards, for the Bangkok flight passengers and other destination. We checked the departure screen and read that our connecting flight was boarding. All of the Kuala Lumpur flight passengers ran to the gate, just to know that the flight had departed at 10.30 pm. We were very shocked. If it had waited 10 more minutes, all of the passangers would not be stranded at the Dubai airport, on new years eve. We were forced to queue at the ground office for hours to find our flight home. My family got lucky. We got our flight home after standing for 2 and a half hours. We were rerouted, flying from Dubai to Kuala Lumpur via Dhaka, using Bangladesh Airlines. We paid for Emirates, got Biman and extra trouble of tracing our baggage. Amazing way to start the year. I would be much grateful if the ground staff and the cabin staff had communicated better and at least some direction or guidance from the Emirates for the lost passengers. I would be happy to never fly with Emirates again.
  Birmingham to Male return via Dubai. Unfortunately Emirates has declined over the last few years, and now I try my best to avoid using them. I had problems both legs of the return journey. Firstly our flight got cancelled from Maldives which caused a lot of stress and losses (time and money). They gave some skywards miles as goodwill gesture which were worthless. I have been going back and forth with their customer affairs team but getting nowhere. On the second leg home the service was diabolical, never have I experienced such bad customer service. Emirates really need to sort out their customer service.
  Newcastle to Bangkok via Dubai. We always fly with Emirates when going to Thailand as usually the service is excellent. We boarded the flight at Newcastle and found our seats were not the ones I had booked back in March! I told a member of the cabin crew and she said she would get her supervisor that didn't happen! So when we arrived in Krabi minus our luggage because that was left in Bangkok due to the late arrival our our Dubai flight I emailed Emirates only to be told it could have been operational reasons we were bumped, but I feel really strongly that we are being fobbed off by them. Why bother giving you the option to book seats then move you anyway. What makes another passenger better than me and why should they get the seat I'd booked all those months in advance. I have since replied to them and asked the question again. I think the cabin crew are not as attentive as they used to be either. I know to some people the seat saga is petty but it's a big thing to me. All I hope is we get the seats we booked on our return flights. I will not say I won't fly with them again but it has made me think there maybe better airlines out there to try.
  Birmingham to Bangkok via Dubai. This was my first long haul flight, which I did alone so I was very apprehensive about luggage being transferred, reaching connections in time and the flight in general. I was pretty happy with everything overall. The seats were comfy, I ended up with a window seat with two empty seats next to me, which was great. The entertainment system was brilliant. Lots to choose from. The wifi didn't work too well, but that wasn't an issue. The staff were very polite and helpful, blankets, wet towels, warm towels, pillows and headphones all supplied. The food wasn't amazing but wasn't an issue either. The only thing I wasn't impressed with were the ground staff at Dubai. No one was particularly helpful when I asked about my luggage being transferred. Apart from that I was very happy with Emirates and I will definitely use them on my next trip to Thailand.
  Bangkok to London via Dubai. Emirates is one of our favourite airlines. We have flown economy with them several times to Asia as well as to South Africa. We like their service, find the seats comfortable and have never experienced problems with the excellent ICE system. I hardly ever sleep on planes and find it comforting to have so much good entertainment during the long flights. We like the food. We have always had good experience with check-in, boarding and disembarkment. So when I had an accident during our last trip to Thailand and broke my ankle, I was fitted with an Aircast so that I could fly home. My insurance was taking care of everything but the one thing they refused, no matter how many times I asked or even with a written statement from my doctor, was to upgrade my husband so that he could be by my side during the long and uncomfortable journey home. I was unable to walk unaided and therefore needed personal assistance. I was upgraded to Business Class, which would have been a great experience under any other circumstances. As it was I daren't eat or drink much of what was on offer (all looked delicious) out of fear of being caught short bathroom wise. The Bangkok to Dubai leg in Business Class was full admittedly, but the Dubai to Gatwick leg was only half occupied. Rather petty to insist my husband sits downstairs leaving his injured wife on her own upstairs. Come on Emirates, you could have done better.
  My mother was flying from Rome to Melbourne via Dubai. Being an elderly person she can't walk for too long and she can't speak English, therefore we requested assistance with wheelchair access, which was all confirmed. However when she arrived in Dubai, my mother was left unattended, no one picked her up, no one gave her instructions, she had to make her own way to the next terminal fearing she wasn't able to make it, and we all know how big Dubai Airport is. She arrived in Melbourne exhausted and very stressed because of what happened to her in Dubai. She's an elderly women and very anxious to go back home in February, because she is fearing she could be left alone in Dubai again. I'm very disappointed about this event. 
  Flew with Emirates from Athens to Cebu via Dubai for our Christmas holidays. All four flights were on Boeing 777-300ER. Three out of four were on dated aircraft, the touchscreen small and the 3x4x3 seat configuration made the flights unpleasant. On the other side, the ICE system was excellent, with a great selection of movies, documentaries and games.The food was above average. The FA's were efficient, very helpful and with a smile. On the outbound flight, we had a 9 hour layover in Dubai, so the airline provided us a free hotel at the in Copthorne airport hotel, just 5 mins drive from the airport, with breakfast included. I coose Emirates because it was the airline with a straight flight to Cebu from the Gulf without a layover in Manila. I would recommend Emirates, but i think Qatar Airways is a better choice.
  Manchester to Dubai. Having flown before with Emirates and on the A380 business class this was our choice for our family holiday. On being shown our seats (very last ones in front of the bar) we noticed the ICE system wasn't working. We pointed this out and the crew said they needed to reboot it - this was done on take off but failed and wiped out more screens! As it was the night flight we decided just to sleep but to our horror the bed didn't work. This was sorted out but we were left with no ICE system. Staff said they'd report it and contact customer service when back home. The response was simple, no refund and we were offered some air miles! Not good service.
  I took a first class ticket Dubai to Kuwait, but overall I was disappointed with the experience. First, my chauffeur driver never informed the hotel that he was waiting for me outside as I instructed EK to do so via my telephone conversation in Dubai. I had no idea he was waiting for me outside. The first class check-in experience was not as tremendous as I anticipated. Basically there was attention given to me, but I never felt like a first class passenger. They let me check-in in the express check-in counter as opposed to the first class counter. The food and service provided in the first class lounge in concourse A is unacceptable. Not only was the food tasteless, but it takes a very long time to prepare something for me from a la carte menu. For example, it took approximately 10 - 15 minutes to provide me my club sandwich, and 15 - 20 minutes to provide me the "um ali" sweet. All this while the lounge was empty. While I was waiting for my food the waiter asked me what I wanted to drink and I told him water, he kept goofing around and I chased him until he gave me my water. This is unacceptable for first class service. During boarding business class passengers entered door 1A with us as opposed to door 2A, thus ruining the exclusive experience of first class. Upon disembark, business class passengers were trying to skip queue and leave the aircraft before first class passengers do.  I will not be flying Emirates first class again and will look for alternatives such as Qatar Airways.

  Mumbai to London via Dubai. Wasn't the greatest experience with Emirates - check in was a headache. We were 8 kilos overweight between two of us and they charged us for the excess. Boarding was fine and seats comfortable but they feel a little claustrophobic. The staff were good. My wife was charmed by her attendant but I got the feeling my attendant thought she was doing me a favour by serving me. It doesn't cost any thing and takes minimal effort to smile when talking to a customer. Meals were only served within a timeslot so you couldn't eat when you wanted to and weren't really up to expectations. The champagne wasn't served cold enough. I had to return 3 glasses and in the end I went to the bar myself to make sure. The bar itself was a bit of a disappointment but maybe we were too tired to appreciate it. The seat has an area with a selection of soft drinks which you can access yourself. Unfortunately its protective frame needed two arms to prise up and then the drinks weren't cold so I had to call for ice. The entertainment system was a bit tricky to operate and took a little while to work the IFE. The upper deck of business class probably had 100 passengers in total and felt a little overwhelming.  I felt that there were not enough attendants for the number they were taking care of. There were 4 loos between us but the loos were just a bit larger than the economy toilets and disappointing. I couldn't use one because it was too messed up. When we landed no attendant offered to help my wife with her luggage from the overhead locker but it was nice to have our own upper deck exit way. On reading through this I do sound a bit like a spoiled brat and complaining over small things. But if some airlines can get these right so why not Emirates? The entire business and first class were sold out on every leg we travelled so they have plenty of customers who are happy with Emirates product.
  This was the 2nd leg of our journey from Gatwick to Ho Chi Minh City with Emirates, the first having been on a A380. We arrived in the morning local time and left in the morning local time. The food on the first leg was ok - not brilliant, but not awful just average. When we got on the next flight we were served a seafood lunch, at 9 am (ish) local time or 6 am as per our body clocks. Needless to say it remained untouched. Can't fathom why a lunch was served so early in the day. The bus from terminal to plane was extraordinarily long and seemed to take for ever but was most definitely at least 20-25 mins. The aircraft itself was definitely very dated and the seats far from the best. All in all it was a distinctly average experience and isn't likely to encourage us to use Emirates in the future. Having said all of that it was relatively cheap for Business class so I guess in this instance you sort of get what you pay for. (Best food to date was on ANA, best seats on Qantas A380)
  San Francisco to Kolkata via Dubai. Dubai happens to be a great midpoint between San Francisco and India and is also a nice city. I have flown many times with Emirates business class from SFO to India, via Dubai. however my last flight with them in September was the worst and that is what this review is about.  Really bad food on the flights - so much so that for much of the flight I stayed hungry. I am not particularly finicky about food. This is not an issue with Dubai to India (shorter flight) but a real issue for SFO to DXB. On this occasion I swapped my Business class seat with my wife's economy class. Extremely rude staff, started an argument whether I can visit my wife in business class. This was lodged as a complaint with Emirates but I did not hear anything in the last 3 months. So rude staff, and ineffective management that does nothing even on feedback. Wife was pregnant and unwell, threw up on the flight in the Business class seat and requested that I be called from the economy section for a few minutes. The confused staff bumbled around for a few minutes and did nothing.  
  New York to Chennai via Dubai. Went in with great expectations, but it was an average experience. Flight from JFK to Dubai was okay but the flight from Dubai to Chennai was worse. IFE was not so responsive and did not have extensive collection. Food was just okay (opted for asian vegetarian). I am a pure vegetarian and I pre ordered it while booking tickets. But crew told vegetarian meal was not available when coming to me and then I have to argue with them to get my vegetarian meal. Overall average experience for a world class airline - I had been in Qatar Airways before and it was way better.
  I recently traveled from Singapore to New York Via Dubai on Emirates. This was my third time flying with Emirates, and the service did not change. The cabin crew was very attentive and helpful. The ICE entertainment system is still one of the best airline entertainment systems. Economy class in the A380 is one of the best aircraft when it comes to economy travel. Very spacious and comfortable. The food was excellent, and the presentation was traditional but effective. I would recommend Emirates.
  I flew from London Gatwick to Brisbane via Dubai, returning via Singapore and Dubai. My flight from Gatwick to DXB was extremely pleasant, entertainment was great, the A380 was excellent. Food was great as well, I cleared all the meals. The disappointing part of the journey were the cabin crew, they just didn't seem available and welcoming. They just seemed to be very tired and were too much involved and busy in chatting among themselves. Overall this leg was great, apart from the cabin crew. DXB to BNE was even worse in that field, the flight was already very long, which was stressful enough. I had a massive headache, and when I consulted one member of the cabin crew (she was a supervisor), she just told me to go back to my seat and watch movies, as they offered lots of choice. And that annoyed me, I thought cabin crew were supposed to be of support during a flight. The return flights from BNE to SIN, SIN to DXB were excellent, and even the crew were excellent and seemed professional and friendly. No comment on the DXB to LGW flight as it was well packed, so the cabin crew were busy - other than that I slept the whole flight so can't say much.
  I buy ticket and confirm to travel from Dubai to Bangkok. My fly departure is 11:45am and I reach the counter 10:10am where the staff inform me the flight is full and I need to get next flight?  How is it full when I have ticket confirmed. I talk with supervisor who says sorry you can't to get this fly, you can go on next flight and will give you free ticket for 1 year or refund money. I infom him I came to the counter before it closes and again he says sorry we cant help you. You buy ticket and is confirmed but they delay you to next flight - no more trust with Emirates.
  I booked the flights from Manchester to Melbourne via Dubai through Carlton leisure and was surprised that Qantas Airways were working in partnership with Emirates. The flight I am reviewing is flight Manchester to Dubai on 6th November. The seats were comfortable and there was plenty of room to move around during the flight. However it was very obvious that the crew were struggling to provide a service. The flight lasted for 8 hours and within that time we only recived 2 cups of water, which had to be asked for. Once the meals were brought round, I was told that there were no more of what I wanted and had to settle for a the second choice. A few minutes later I saw one of the cabin crew serving my original choice and asked if I could change my meal. The reply from the cabin crew was that it was the last one. On opening the meal it looked as if it had been put through a blender and only ate half of the meal due to the fact that I was so hungry with only two cup of water previously.  My partner and I will not be flying with Emirates again.
  Good business class experience flying from Dubai to Cairo. Now Emirates operates only 777s and A380s the product is very consistent and particularly welcomed on these shorter flights. Warm and friendly crew, aircraft in good condition and a choice of Rose or Brut champagne plus juices before take off. A pleasant hot breakfast was served and the crew remained visible and active throughout the flight. Washrooms were kept spotless and well stocked with amenities including Bulgari cologne. The only negative was that we were delayed waiting for late passengers which meant we lost our slot and consequentially were 30 minutes late arriving at Cairo. I regularly fly all 3 Gulf airlines and Emirates offers a superior product in both economy and business class.
  Dubai to Bangkok via Hong Kong. Never again Emirates business class! We flew from Dubai to Hong Kong and a few days later to Bangkok. On all flights the staff service was really bad. Cabin crew busy inviting guys from economy to the bar and taking photos with them. During this time I was not able to order a drink at the bar - the bar seems to be more a playground for the crew than a place for first and business class passengers. All aircrafts were in a bad shape and dirty. Dinner Service was not able to let me dine with my Partner together on both flights. Qatar Airways is much better!
 Boston to Hyderabad via Dubai. Emirates used to be good but standards have fallen. 13 hour flight from Boston to Dubai and the entertainment system did not work all the way and a few other passengers had the same issue. Pre-ordered vegetarian food was not served and they came up with an excuse that they are running short. Quantity and quality of the food has decreased. Need to do lot of work to regain the old standards.
  Prague to Dubai. I managed to get the bulkhead row 52 which had a lot of leg room. Service was flawless and the meals were superior those normally served in economy class. IFE was excellent and wifi was very useful. We landed before schedule in spite of circling above due to Dubai Airport congestion.
  Melbourne to Lahore return via Dubai.  All sectors operated by Boeing 777-300ER. Check in Melbourne was good. Lahore was chaotic. Lounges in MEL and DXB the usual EK lounges. However the contract lounge used by EK in LHE needs to be reviewed. CIP Lounge is dirty, damp, corrupt staff, stale food etc. LHE-DXB sector was operated by a dated Boeing 777-300ER. Rest of the sectors were ok. Cabin crew on board were a hit and missed and lacked consistency in quality. Food on board was very bad. Cabin Crew and Food has been on a downward spiral out of control over the years and there does not seem to be any appetite from management to improve service. This being said, flights were reasonably close to time and IFE was not bad. Emirates is slipping and it has become obvious.
  Gatwick to Maldives via Dubai. Emirates was highly recommended to us but all I can say is it was a big disappointment and we are dreading our return flight with them. Positives - polite staff, seats comfortable. Negatives - service and amenities. Husband not able to use IFE controls as it had jammed. We ordered two courses as suggested on the menu booklet for a light eater. Waited one and half hours after first course for cheese (we ordered with our starter as we did not want the main course) - told that it had all gone as they had served everyone else in the cabin, even those behind us. After showing our displeasure, they did make up for this by getting us some cheese and offering good wine from first class. Why not offer this in first place rather than telling us the cheese had gone? On a long flight that arrives at night (2am), we wanted to sleep - not an amenity bag in sight. I asked for one and was told they only supply on night flights. Well I'm sorry but when I board and arrive somewhere early in the morning then I expect an amenity bag. That is night time and that is when you require those bits and pieces that add a little (paid for) luxury to the start of a hard earned holiday. Having paid thousands for business I do not expect an airline to be so stingy - they should supply amenity bags regardless of time of flying. People do need to wash and clean teeth and freshen up during any long haul flight. This is appalling cost cutting meanness and sorry I thought my thousands in air fare bought me a small bag of comfort. I have flown business with other airlines and received much better service. I was so excited to fly with Emirates as I heard good reports, but they will not be my first choice again really not good value for money. Felt there was no balance between profit and service what they needed to do was so little but the impact would have been so positive. Very sad.
  Gatwick to Mauritius return via Dubai. We have flown round the world with various airlines, but this was the first time with Emirates. It was so comfortable, the in-seat entertainment the best we have seen and the staff, both in the air and on the ground, were helpful. We spent twenty eight hours on four flights and the staff did everything they could to make us comfortable. The check in staff were friendly and the process swift and easy. Their uniforms are smart and professional. Boarding was simple and, because there were three gangways, one to upstairs, it was quick. The A380 is quiet. The food was very good. The lighting onboard was perfect. During night hours it's a dark gently blue ceiling with twinkling stars. At dawn, it is exactly that. The entertainment system. Three external camera views and one little oddity that I found a complete Godsend. On the music section, I found a sleep hypnosis track by Anna Rowe. My mistake was putting it on "repeat" because some way into it, I had gone. But then when it started again, it woke me up! The seats were comfortable and a good non-intrusive recline. The usual cushion, blanket, headphones etc. If you bring your own headphones/noise cancellers etc, make sure enough bring the double-plug airline adaptor with you because their headphone sockets are dual-plug. You can use your mobile, get data and charge devices. The plane has its own mobile service for you to connect to, watch out though, it's not cheap, so best to go on airline mode in case your phone auto-cones and someone rings you from home.  We always choose either side of an aisle, not far from the loos. Economy class, at the front, there are four loos, which is very good. and they were very clean.
  Delhi to Sao Paulo via Dubai. From the chauffeur pick-up and drop to boarding, the experience was very smooth. The cabin was lit with mood lighting and both long haul aircraft had the StarLight, unique to Emirates, a feature I find amazing - to lie down and look at stars while you fly! Cabin crew service differed on the long hauls, inconsistency is the name of the game for cabin service in Emirates. The crew from Rio to Dubai could not do enough for you while the attendant on the Dubai to Sao Paulo leg was asking passengers to lift out the tables for dining! The seat itself is comfortable in a lie-flat position but has terribly limited storage. The IFE is fantastic. What Emirates misses is the dine-on-demand on ultra long hauls and pyjamas. The amenity kits by Bvglari and clean, well stocked washrooms were very welcome. WiFi on board was available on both long hauls. What I love on Emirates is their food but it was disappointing on the flight from Rio due to probably a lack of catering's understanding of an Asian Vegetarian Meal. The transit in Dubai gives you access to the trimmings in the Business Class Lounge along with a Moet and Chandon Bar, shower facilities, healthy cuisine etc. All in all, a very glamorous, luxurious experience and will recommend.
  Dubai to Doha. Discounted economy travel at its best. On time, great aircraft, terminal and staff great. 5 star service at a one star price. If you can, take Emirates on these short hauls. I also picked up an egate card on the way out. Too easy. Adds to the experience. Even faster. 
  Manchester to Dubai. . A full business class cabin but a very pleasant and enjoyable flight from Emirates. The aircraft was new and had the latest version of ice digital widescreen with a mind boggling selection of films and TV shows. On this morning departure from Manchester we were served continental breakfast and then lunch. Food was plentiful and delicious. The guinea fowl main was particularly good. Not something often served on an plane. With 42 passengers in business the crew were kept busy but were friendly and no request was too much trouble. Washrooms were kept clean, and stocked with cologne, toothbrushes, shaving kits etc. We landed on time, immigration and baggage delivery were fast and I was in the limo within 30 minutes of landing. The only slight negative was that they ran out of one of the red wines, Cloudy Bay Pinot Noir, which was understandably popular.
 Rome to Bangkok via Dubai. A wonderful journey with Emirates. The ground staff try their best for passengers. The seat was large for economy and the space felt good. The cabin crew from Rome to Dubai was a bit grumpy but the entertainment flight was excellent and I enjoyed it.
  London Heathrow to Dubai. Had heard great things about the airline and my wife and I were looking forward to the flight/holiday. What a disappointment. The headphone jack was not working, the recline button on my seat was not working. The seat itself was not completely fixed. It kept slipping.  When the food arrived, my main course looked like it had been opened and it wasn't even hot. Some passengers could not have their first choice meal. When we landed in Dubai, we had to be bussed to the terminal. The return flight was worse. Seating in the middle of the middle row (seats E/F) is definitely a mistake. The cabin staff seemed oblivious to us. They kept missing us when the drinks were being offered. (we only wanted a cup of tea!). They even forgot to ask us for their headphones and blankets at the end of the flight. There was hardly anytime between the main meal and snacks. We found one or two of the cabin staff who served us rather unprofessional.  All in all, a pretty disappointing experience.  The A380 is an excellent aeroplane and hats off to the pilot and his crew but I feel that the cabin staff could not handle the number of passengers it can carry. Will only use this airline if I really have too. We had a wonderful holiday in Dubai but the return flight left a bad taste in the mouth.

 New York JFK to Guangzhou via Dubai with Emirates. Where is the service heading? Does their management know? The AVML food on this route specially from JFK is horrible. Staff are becoming lazy and so talkative amongst themselves rather than focussing on the service. Water bottles are so small you have to keep asking for water and then an attitude is shown to you by the staff. I know this is a growing airline but if the growth is not controlled it will be a downfall for them soon.
  
Flew Emirates from Melbourne to Auckland. Seat 23K on upper deck of the A380 rear cabin. This leg was upgraded to Business by invitation, thus I was not eligible to access the lounge, which was fine. Upon boarding, ground crew saw my Boarding Pass and allowed me to enter the waiting area, which led to early boarding, that was quite nice. The cabin was almost empty to the point I was the only seating passenger at the rear. Crew members were all overly friendly and took their turns to greet me individually by remembering my surname - I never felt so spoiled. One flight attendant even handed me an amenity kit, which was not complementary for such a short hop across the Tasman. Bar service was exceptional as well, I was invited to have a drink and talk to the crew members, who are not shy at smiling towards the passengers and being professional at the same time. Breakfast was tasty, signature sweets were particularly delicious. I consumed two bottles of drink from the mini bar, and it was replenished in-flight. WiFi was slow and hard to use. The cabin flown was not fitted with the airlines' brand new products, edges and corners have started showing some tiny wear and tear - this was the only drawback that I am able to think of. The crew members deserve the highest praise, I felt that they walked the extra mile to maintain a conversation with me, just like being with friends. I am looking forward to flying with them again sometimes in the near future.
  I paid a great price for a return to Dubai from London Heathrow and the service was great. Good food, comfortable seats and excellent IFE. Both flights on schedule. Ground service on both legs equally good. No hesitation to fly with them again.
  Manchester to Dubai return on the new 2 class A380. The plane is basically a flying cattle market and it is obvious that Emirates are moving towards to a pile 'em high, sell 'em cheap service, except that it's not so cheap. The service from cabin crew was virtually non-existent apart from serving the meal and collecting headsets/blankets at the end of the flights. Call bells were left unanswered throughout both flights with passengers resorting to self service to get a drink. No drinks runs other than with the meal. Seat pitch and width has also been reduced downstairs compared to the 3 class A380 (no doubt to cram more seats in). Emirates service has noticeably deteriorated over the last 12 months. I used to sing the praises of EK, but not any more. Will be flying with Qatar Airways next time.
  As part of a Sydney-Singapore-London-Sydney trip, flew with Emirates on a Qantas ticket. EK335 from Singapore to Dubai and then connecting to EK7 to London. The aircraft's are in impeccable shape and the usual, low, levels of noise with the A380. Comfortable flight in both cases. It has been noted that the FA quality can be variable. On these two flights the FA's were pretty good and attentive. One with Emirates is that they have their FA's clean up the cabins. That means collecting rubbish, blankets, headphones, whatever is not tied down. It bugs me as I just do not think it is a good look for the airline to have their staff act as cleaners and rubbish collectors. That is the job of the ground crew and its messy to look at with bags of blankets walking up and down the aisles. The IFE is less good than you think. Movie selection is great when you have many hundreds but not when they are mostly foreign language. The English selection is poorly made up and could not find many or any I really wanted to see. Overall a solid experience with EK
  London Gatwick to Dubai return. The Emirates A380 is huge, quiet and with a brilliant in-flight entertainment system, only let down by the headphones. So my advice is but a two pin adaptor and wear your owns to get the full benefit. But that's where it ends. On both the outbound and return legs, the inflight service was terrible. Slow to the point of lazy, a choice of menu that's undeliverable by the time they've reached the middle of the flight, staff who offer little by the way of a solution when asked what's possible and disinterested in passenger comfort. I had to wait 40 minutes for a meal to be offered to me after I asked for a different main course to what was available in the trolley, and then it was the same meal I had declined. I asked to speak to the cabin manager twice, who finally arrived 10 mins later to apologize. On the return flight, the experience was much the same. No choice of menu for over half the passengers, two hours into flight before offered a drink and my meal arrived 50 minutes (!) after my wife's vegetarian "choice" was offered to her. This was labelled Vegan which isn't what was ordered and then another 10 minutes debate occurred with the cabin crew who said that there was nothing else available unless she wanted to wait until the end of service to see what was "left". When I was finally presented with the remaining meal choice (chicken with olive sauce) I had to ask for a drink, and the steward said the drinks trolley was on its way - it was half the length of the plane away! Somehow other passengers were given drinks with their meals, but we at the "back" were treated as an after thought. The passengers behind us had exactly the same experience. A note of advice for Emirates. Olives are a divisive ingredient, people either like or dislike olives so if you include a meal with olives, more people will avoid it than choose it! Leaving you short of choice! The overhead luggage cabin had crew luggage which they proceeded to access a number of times during the flight - constantly bumping my head as they reached up. On one occasion, the stewardess walked off and left it open for 10 minutes before coming back to close it. So my overriding impression of the airline is that it needs to improve quality of service on a human level. It's all very well having the latest aeroplane but if passenger experience is based on what's on tv, and food and drink service is a secondary concern, I for one won't fly with them again. 
 Arriving in to Delhi from Kuala Lumpur, I was in the transit zone to catch my flight the next morning with Emirates with a final destination to Lisbon. I had no checked luggage and warned Emirates prior leaving (early that morning) of my arrival in order to allow for a smooth transfer and me to check-in at the hotel in Delhi Terminal 3. I have previously done this with multiple airlines without any issues. AirAsia, a budget airline, ensured that I would be brought to the transit area and confirmed twice (additionally to my early confirmation) with Emirates staff in Delhi that I would be arriving. Upon getting to the transit zone (escorted by AirAsia staff), I was told that Emirates staff should be there and that they would assist me. It took 30 minutes for someone to show up. Needing a ticket to pass the security in the transit area, the Emirates staff had to go and print it outside; so I was told. I was expecting this to be already printed upon my arrival as everyone was warned. This not being that case, I was told that it could be arranged in 15 minutes. It took a total of 6hrs during which I was told constantly every hour that it will be another 15 minutes by Emirates staff. I couldn't sleep all night and obviously didn't get to the hotel in terminal 3. On top of this, no upgrade was available on the flight to allow me to get a bed when when I was promised by staff that I could do this at the gate counter. Some staff were completely incompetent by either constantly pointing at other individuals saying that they couldn't help me or giving wrong information. Overall, I can say that this has been by far the most unpleasant experience I have had with an airline which ruined the first 2 days of my 1 week holiday in Portugal. I simply cannot comprehend this lack of professionalism from a company like Emirates.
 Kuala Lumpur to Frankfurt via Dubai with Emirates. This perhaps is my worst flight experience ever. My flight and seat was booked and confirmed 3 months in advance. When arriving back at Dubai airport for my Dubai - Frankfurt flight EK045, they informed me that the flight was over booked and refused me check-in despite arriving more than 2 hours before departure because I did not do online check-in. Apparently my seat has been allocated to another passenger. They offered me the next available flight and free ticket but I refused as I was traveling with my colleagues and had to be in Frankfurt for a meeting. The customer service said that I have to wait until check in is closed to see whether is there any available seat. After waiting until almost boarding time, they finally allocated me a seat and ask me to rush to the gate. Onboard, I checked in my coat and went to the allocated the seat 65C which is right next to the lavatory. Throughout the entire 6.5 hour journey, it was just horrible. I'm entirely fine with me with people going in and out of the toilet. But every half and hour or so, someone and somehow loss their sense direction and came knocking into me. Just before landing, I press the assistance button to retrieve my coat. Nobody answered. Upon landing, I immediately walked up to a stewardess asking for my coat and she said I had to wait until all the passengers leave so that they can bring it up from the back of the plane. I mean, this returning of the coats or whatever should be done naturally before the plane lands and need not to be instructed. Obviously I was the last to board the plane and the last to leave the plane in this flight. To me, this is unacceptable for a world class airline they claimed to be. Even a budget airlines has better service than the Emirates.
  In short: Unprofessional and rude cabin service, awful meals, dirty cabin, and most annoying is that the cabin crew just don't seem to care about anything. I'm a frequent traveler (usually every other week on CX or MY) I only choose Emirates since the kids wanted to travel on an A380 from Bangkok to Hong Kong. We had seats 52H/J/K next to the galley, to say passengers may find the noise from the galley troublesome is a huge understatement. Firstly, the galley is brightly lit and lights shine directly on you, they don't use a curtain. Even if you block the light with a mask you have the noise, lots of noise, if it's not the constant banging of the galley cupboard doors it's the cabin crew talking. Meals were low grade and poor quality. Meal service took forever and was completely unorganized, my special meal arrived and then was promptly removed never to return. 50 minutes later I was offered a regular meal. Condensation from the galley freezers made the floor soaking wet in front of and below our seats - the crew explained this always happens and covered the area in blankets. ICE system is good, but the headphones are a perfect example of form over function - who has square ears? EK385, was met at BKK airport with stairs on the tarmac about 20 minutes after landing, and free bus ride to the terminal. Even LCCs like AirAsia afford their passengers an air bridge to walk into the terminal.

  I flew from Paris CDG to Dubai DXB on Saturday 1 October 2016, 15.35 – 00.20 with Emirates, EK 074. The flight was good, but the service is far from expected. I asked for a hot chocolate during the meal time, it took ages and I had to ask another flight attendant. When it arrived it was cold and had been filled with cold milk. I made a complaint to the purser, she apologised and they served another one. During the dessert, they served ice cream, but for myself and my wife there was no spoon. We ended up with the tea stirrer. Furthermore, I saw a flight attendant queuing for the toilets in front of me, and refusing to assist passengers. Usually, they use the toilet at the far end, in the back. I really regret picking Emirates.
  Dallas to Bangalore return via Dubai. When i booked my ticket on the Emirates website it was clearly mentioned that the Dallas flights would be on their A380 aircraft. I was excited to fly on Emirates and try out their new amenities in the Business cabin including the bar and space to move around. However on the day of the journey I find out that instead of the A380 the aircraft was now a Boeing 777-300ER. A much smaller plane. Instead of the spacious and luxurious Business cabin they had changed our seats - it was now 2-3-2 with some of the business seats having no direct aisle access. I was in the window seat so was stuck trying to get to the aisle on both legs of my journey. The seats seemed a bit worn out, the IFE control a bit heavy and clunky and it was not a lie-flat seat, which on such a long journey is a huge problem. I hated the trip and felt completely let down. If they had not indicated that this was going to be a A380 I would never have flown with them and given them my money. Emirates then did an about face when I contacted them via email saying its well within their rights to change equipment and not inform passengers! Really for all their big hue and cry of looking out for passengers its pretty obvious that they could not care less. Not even a decent apology for pulling the old bait and switch and then feigning ignorance.
  The flight from Bangkok to Dubai was very smooth and easy. First time enter the aircraft it was too warm in cabin, no AC I guess, when you sit on your seat you must turn on your own cooler. It happened also when I continue from Dubai to Paris. The cabin crew was friendly and they are busy so take time if you request something. The food is not special, the toilet is clean. And when 30 minutes before landing the cabin crew will take your blanket and headset, and that make me uncomfortable, I think they shouldn't do that. And for seat in economy it was very good and comfortable.
  Cape Town to Dubai. The timing of the meals on this 9-hour overnight flight was senseless. Firstly, it took them 3 hours to serve supper, by which time I'd lost interest and gone to sleep. Then, they woke me up 3.5 hours before landing for breakfast, which I also declined because of poor timing. So, there was only a two-hour window when the cabin didn't smell like a restaurant.
  Nice to Adelaide via Dubai. From Nice to Dubai we were in Economy class and had the best service from the Steward looking after us. Comparing to other airlines we had bit more leg room and the seats were comfy. From Dubai to Adelaide we were upgraded to business class. What a treat. It was amazing, and staff wonderful, extremely professional. My husband and I will give a 10 out of 10 from service to facilities.
  London to Johannesburg via Dubai. It was our first flight with Emirates and we had high expectations . Although our seats had been booked prior to arrival at the airport we were advised to change them by the check in clerk who said we would have four seats between two of us in one particular row. This was not so. Although we passed one man who was stretched out across several seats to himself, the two other seats in our new row were occupied by the largest lady on the aircraft plus her hand luggage. It happened to be my birthday on the day that we flew and I must say it spoiled my birthday somewhat. When we flew two days later from Dubai to Johannesburg, boarding staff asked how my birthday had gone, I replied that since she had brought it up it had been spoiled by the events during the previous flight. I was then told to request a particular row on this flight where we could have better seats as some way of recompense. When we boarded the plane once again, we were let down and the seats were not available. I tweeted and complained formally to Emirates about this. It actually took them 32 days to reply and that was after prompting and more tweeting. Many tweets and private messages on Twitter were actually ignored. When we eventually received a response it was disappointing and did not even refer to the fact that one passenger had four seats to himself. I have never come across such poor customer service to be frank. We certainly would never fly with Emirates again. 
  Lisbon to Bangkok return via Dubai. First Leg of the flight happy that was on time out of Lisbon, early on Dubai short connection so it was good, the flight crew was fantastic on that leg. Second leg from Dubai to Bangkok I must say that I am starting to hate the A380-800 - many people not sufficient capacity from the crew, imagine get a meal and only 45 minutes later something to drink. Second part of the journey Bangkok to Dubai with a flight coming from Hong Kong seats assigned could you imagine all dirty, made me sit on them until other place was free, it was really dirty, in the end after some complaint got me a place on the rear of the plane - at least the plane was half full so could stretch a little and sleep all the way. Final leg to Lisbon on my favorite Boeing 777 because it has a fantastic last three rows with 2 places and lots of space. I have travelled a lot by Emirates but somehow the difference to others is not that much right now, going to try Qatar Airways the next trip. Not happy, the service has gone down.
  I have been flying with Emirates for business and leisure for over 10 years and have only flown Economy class where I have found the service to be of excellent standards. Recently I was offered the option to upgrade to business class and I decided to pay the additional premium. The service I received during my flight was disappointing, and quite substandard. Dubai to Manchester the journey began really well. After 15 minutes into the flight my TV and all electrical equipment failed to work which meant I couldn't not watch TV, close the blinds or switch off the overhead light. I made the cabin staff aware of this and was advised that she would reset the TV and this would resolve the issue. One hour had passed and none of the faults had been fixed. On my way to the toilets, I raised the concern once again and was advised that the reset would be done again and that it should resolve the issue. I sat patiently waiting throughout the meal service without any form of entertainment. I then decided to lay back my seat and get some rest and was constantly annoyed by the overhead light which I could not turn off. 2 hours had passed and a second cabin staff came by asking me to leave my seat so she could reset the electrical switches which were located under my seat. This was done twice without any positive result. The service I received in business class became anything but relaxing. Almost 3.5 hours into the flight and half way through my journey I was offered the chance to move to another seat which I found unacceptable and a little too late in the day. I emailed the customer affairs department and they offered me 25,000 air miles which amount to nothing. I cannot even get an upgrade! Really disappointed with Emirates and the way they have dealt with this. I do not recommend flying Emirates Business class, really not worth the extra money you pay. If you have an issue on the flight don't count on dealing with their complaints team after as they wont offer you anything, try and get what you want while your on the flight.
  I had a disappointing flight in business class from Washington to Dubai, flight service was 1 out of 10. From beginning of flight, the attendants ignored me, they even haven't gave me complimentary welcome package before take off and just passed me like they don't see me - I complained to them and they said they have no more left! At Dubai airport after waiting 30 min for my luggage, i became to know that they left my luggage in Washington Dulles airport. So i send them email asking for refunds and after a month on 22/09/2016 they sent me an email says they will not refund but they will top-up my mile account with 20000 miles as a gesture of goodwill. My flight was on 18 August and now we are on 21st October that I haven't even received that 20000 miles that they said as gesture of goodwill. 
  Bangkok to Hong Kong and very disappointing. I have been flying Qatar for many years and this is the first time to fly Emirates. The planes are badly designed with drab colors and no atmosphere. The food was bad and staff just okay. The whole experience was worse than Air Asia, but the price was very good - 20% less than Air Asia. So we will be using Emirates again but will take our own food.


  Flight from Dubai to Warsaw on 17th October in Economy class. Cabin crew service was bad and no smiles. I felt like I'm sorry that I ask for something. Meal on board was poor. Cleanliness could be better. The seats are rather uncomfortable in the economy class.
  Dubai to London Heathrow. Check in was quick and nowadays there seems to be a lot of issues regarding carrying Samsung 7 phones and staff are extremely strict and vigilant about this matter. The plane was parked in a different area and you had to climb the stairs to access the upper deck. The seats were the usual A380 ones which I really like. We took off promptly and landed ahead of time. A light meal was served after take off although almost everyone went to sleep. Breakfast was given before landing. staff were efficient and extremely pleasant. I asked for some tablets for headache and they quickly got some green tea along with chocolate bars along with it! Overall a very good flight.
  This is a convenient flight which leaves around 11 am and gets into Dubai at 8 am the next day. Check in was swift and boarding took place efficiently and on time. The flight departed around 45 minutes later than schedule. Seats of A380 on EK are always one of my favorite ones although this aircraft showed a lot of wear and tear. Service was very good and the crew attended all the passengers on this full flight very efficiently. Two main meals were served and there were smaller snacks that could be taken anytime. IFE remains as one of the best and inflight wifi is dirt cheap at 1$ for 500mb. We landed on time and bags were out in a jiffy.
  Washington to Dubai. I arrived early at Dulles airport and the counters opened only 3 hours before departure so I had to wait. Check in was swift and we could use premier lanes for security which can be of great help when its busy. The plane was very full in all 3 classes. Crew were extremely nice and the flight was a comfortable 12 hour journey. The seats are one of the best with lots of space and storage available. Emirates is the best airline for IFE and also for the fact that you can purchase on board wifi at only 1 USD for 500 mb!!
  I flew Bangalore to San Francisco in Buiness class. The Bangalore - Dubai segment was on a B777, and the business class was all right, the configuration is 2-3-2 and not all seats have direct aisle access, but this was only a short flight (4 hours). The flight from DXB to SFO on an A380 was fantastic with staggered seating in cabin, excellent cabin service and food. The bar on the A380 is a huge plus as it's a nice way to unwind and socialize with fellow travelers on a long flight. The chauffeur service provided by Emirates for business and first class customers is amazing. Also the best IFE that I have seen. There is free wifi on board upto 10MB however it is very patchy and I didn't have connectivity for the most part.
  Guangzhou to London via Dubai. The best thing about Emirates is their cabin crew who are excellent. The worst thing is their business class seats which are appalling on their older A380's. To get into the seat is very tight unless you are a fashion model, if you are anything but a model then the tray that pulls out for eating is just crazy - I would need to lose at least 3 stone to be able to use it. It will not go past my tummy and what pregnant women would do is just beyond me. On the later A380's they have changed this tray realising that their first effort was hopeless and very badly designed. However their is very little space in this business class seat and I was very disappointed. Travelling often on business to the Far East this has to be the worst seat I have ever sat in. The food is OK but not being able to put it in front of you is frustrating. The crew know all about this problem as they told me they often get complaints. Add all this to the extra long flight by travelling via Dubai and I will be going back to good old Far East airlines who fly direct.
 Milan to New York JFK with Emirates. One of the best flights ever. Great economy product. Emirates A380s compared to European airlines A380 aircrafts are a totally different experience: cabin nice and bright, seating comfortable with nice seat pitch and amazing inflight entertainment. My Asian vegetarian meal was excellent. A staff member from another part of the cabin served my meal. She spoke Slovenian and this was such a nice gesture. The whole cabin crew nice and professional. I hope that they will add more transatlantic routs from Europe. They are above the European standards, not to even speak about substandard transatlantic economy product of US airlines.
  I flew with Emirates from Brisbane to London return via Dubai. The staff were sour, acting like my asking for a glass of water were a hassle, and the food was disgusting. But the flight over was nothing compared to the return journey. After not being notified that my flight was delayed due to a plane crash at Dubai airport (ever heard of email, Emirates?), I arrived at the airport to start my journey home and finally found someone to guide me to a customer service desk, where I was told of the delay and given a hotel and bus voucher. The customer service agent also told me that the next leg of my flight would be organised when I was in the air - someone would meet me at the gate (I scoffed at that one). Trying to get on the bus was like surviving a round of the hunger games, after an hour I gave up and caught a cab. After spending 14 hours in the hotel I thought I would be winging my way home. After finally arriving in Dubai, there was no one there to meet me at the gate so I proceeded to the transfer desk, where I was told by someone who had just been served that the queue wait time was 7 hours. So after waiting for 3 hours I found staff who told me that if my online booking had been updated with my next flight, then I shouldn't bother waiting in the queue as they weren't giving out hotel or meal vouchers.  I checked online and found that I had indeed been put on a flight - scheduled to leave in 24 hours time. I settled in to spend 28 hours total in Dubai airport with the other people laying on pieces of cardboard and crates.  On my return to Australia, Emirates refused any compensation for breaching their contract by not providing any accommodation or meal vouchers and now "considered the matter closed", refusing to respond to any further emails. So if you're looking to fly Emirates - beware! They may show you great service (which is a bit hit and miss anyway), but when things go wrong, they are unorganised and have no care for the people they serve or the inconvenience they cause.
  Auckland to Amman return via Dubai. As a manager of a national football team travelling with a group of 29 and excess team luggage, it is important to check everyone through and verify the number of items and be able to cater to the oversize luggage such as physio tables and medical supplies. The ground staff on the Emirates counter at Auckland Airport when we were starting our journey were superb. They were very efficient, helpful and able to provide exit row seating for our three passengers who were 6 foot and over. They went above and beyond in their customer service, which made the start of our very long journey a pleasant one. The lady that we dealt with and it would be an absolute delight to be served by her again.

  Flew Emirates from Johannesburg to Dubai. Once boarded and seated we were offered a selection of drinks before takeoff. The flight attendant was all smiles. We were in 9JK the seats were comfortable and of course lots of leg room. The windows are amazing at the press of a button the shades would come down. It was a full flight and the attendants did an excellent job and you could see they enjoyed their work. It was a dinner service and the food was delicious, we were offered wine to compliment our food choice. The beds were comfortable to sleep in and I got a good 5 hrs sleep. I was woken and served a continental breakfast. Nice clean aircraft, great service and food.

  Bangkok to Hong Kong. Smooth check in, open 3 hours before; Emirates owns its lounge in Bangkok which enhances Emirates experience, is not the most beautiful lounge but the catering is remarkably good and diverse. Boarding to the plane through separated bridges, ambiance of the cabin is nice, resembling the first suites, seats are not super big but the atmosphere, gadgets and decoration put Emirates on the top. Lot of business class seats, midday route, lunch offered, this time was ok most of the time is great. Entertaitment system is rich in variety, films, music, etc, wi fi. Lounge always operating with drinks and snacks served. Cabin crew ok this time, most of the time really friendly, may be because we're too busy. I like Emirates, they deliver what they promote.
  Glasgow to Melbourne via Dubai with Emirates. On the GLA-DXB sector, the Boeing 777-300ER was just 11 months old, clean, tidy and with impressive IFE. We had chosen the back of the plane where the window seats are in twos and would recommend this for couples; it felt spacious and comfortable. The 3-4-3 layout of the rest of the economy cabin did look very cramped however. These seats at the back put you close to the toilets but did not find it to be an issue, however you are at the back of the queue for meals which meant I was lucky to get my choice (FA had to go and find me a chicken tandoori). The long Dubai to Melbourne sector had us in seats A and B of the 3-4-3 economy layout; this felt much more cramped and uncomfortable, and will avoid in future. The A380 was slightly older, with the older style of IFE which was not altogether functional; my partner's screen was buggy and only one headphone worked. There was not much staff could do about this except change her seat which would have meant splitting us up. The A380 had WiFi but it was so slow as to be practically unusable for anything more than sending WhatsApp messages. Food on both flights was excellent, both for me (normal diet) and my partner (vegetarian-lacto-ovo). The crew made a few soft drinks runs but could have been more frequent, particularly on the longer sector. There are complimentary beverages on Emirates but the crew seemed so busy you didn't feel welcome to order one outside the meal runs. The crew were mainly pleasant but could have been a bit more welcoming and enthusiastic, as I said above you didn't really feel overly welcome or waited upon (it's not their main job but it's nice to be looked after). Check-in staff at Glasgow were helpful, pleasant and efficient, but we were caught unawares by the strict (weighed at check-in) 7kg carry-on limit. Unfortunately our biggest issue was with some damage to my partner's case which meant that it could no longer be rolled and will need to be repaired/replaced. Emirates were initially helpful, sending me a form to fill out and asking for photos etc, but 3 weeks later we have heard nothing. In this respect Dubai-based customer service needs to improve.
  Dubai to New York JFK. This is our first time traveling in business class on an A380-800, when we first booked our tickets we specifically requested special assistance for my husband who is in the wheelchair and unable to stand. When we arrived at the check-in counter, we asked for confirmation that special assistant would be provided at the gate to help my husband board the aircraft using an isle chair. An hour before boarding we asked the agent on duty if they had all the necessary preparation that we had asked for. In all 3 instances we were assured that everything was under control. So we relax, believing that everything was under control. However when it came time to board we were forced to wait at the aircraft door until all passenger had been boarded because no preparation had been made to assist my husband into the aircraft. At this point the flight crew apologized to us for the confusion and inconvenience. After another 20 mins waiting we accessed the business class section on the upper deck using hilift truck (typically use for catering) from which we boarded the aircraft and were moved to our seat location. Unfortunately there were no moveable armrest on any of the business class seats that would enable a wheelchair bound passenger to transfer from the isle chair to the seat without risking injury. Fortunately my husband is strong enough to transfer over the arm rest without falling down or injuring himself (perhaps they are no fully accessible first or business class seats on Emirates), everything else from that point on until we disembarked was excellent! The aircrew were truly professional and made every effort to accommodate us. Hopefully our next trip with Emirates would be better experience. The weak link as always is the ground staff. Reservation, check-in, ground crew.
  London Gatwick to Bangalore via Dubai. Having knee surgery 8 weeks ago we requested wheel chair assistance at ramp at Gatwick. This never arrived. We requested to speak to local management. We were told a manager would meet us in the lounge. This never happened. During flight we were given difference choice of food even though we had requested Jain vegetarian meal. When we had complained previously to Emirates customer service, they even suggested we should bring our own food if we were not happy with food provided
  Paris to Sydney via Dubai. Flew business class and this airline is perfection. I found the staff friendly, helpful and they understand good customer service, and make you feel welcome and comfortable. Staff ratio to customer is very high. Entertainment selection very good. Food and beverages all of a very high standard and plentiful and they have so many dining options to suit your body clock. The bathrooms very clean and kept clean considering the amount of use they receive. I found their online communications very good and bag drop for online check in effortless - will find it hard to choose another airline after this outstanding experience. On the A380 in Business try to get a seat before row 18, as the bar is located at back and can be noisy if you want to sleep.
  Dubai to Perth.  A new plane, nicely decorated and kitted out. The seats had a decent width and pitch and  the IFE and onboard connectivity are always good. Unfortunately, the cushion and blanket are small, tatty and hardly comforting or warm. There was no drinks service until after the main meal was served. The selection of beverages was lacking and the quality of drinks seemed cheap. It was, however, the meal service that really stood out as a real disappointment.  On this route we were to 'enjoy' two hot meals. I have included photos as I don't think I could adequately describe how bad these meals were in words alone. The best part of the whole meal service was looking around the cabin and seeing the faces of fellow passengers do the big unveil on their hot meals. Priceless! Luckily Emirates do provide cheese and crackers and chocolate to partly make up for the rest of the meal. The crew service was professional and generally friendly, but I feel like the crew are trying so hard to get the service right that they fail to engage with passengers. They appear unnatural and don't let their personalities shine through. The flight boarded quickly, took off on time and landed into Perth only a few minutes behind schedule. The journey was comfortable and pleasant enough although let down by a haphazard soft product and poor food offering.
  Geneva to Taipei via Dubai. I don't recommend Emirates and I will avoid to fly with Emirates moving forward. The flight I took from Dubai to Taipei was delayed for more than 6 hours. I arrived Dubai around 1AM and departed at 10AM. During this period of long-waiting time, Emirates didn't make up anything for us. There was no meal voucher, no nothing. I won't rate its service as good as its reputation. It is pretty poor actually. Secondly, during my whole itinerary, I had to take shuttle for at least 4 times. It was either from flight to terminal, or from terminal to flight. It's definitely not a pleasant experience because my wife and I had to wait in a jammed, hot bus, and the transit time was long. I travel average 8-10 times a year and fly various airlines worldwide. I have never experienced anything similar before (with other airlines).
  On 15th September I travelled to Singapore from Colombo with my parents and 5 months old baby. This was the first time I travelled with my baby. I specifically chose Emirates as I believed they'll offer an exceptional service. But it was so disappointing. The worst cabin crew I have seen. No one even bothered to ask whether we need anything for the baby - when I asked a crew member I need to make formula for the baby she asked me to wait till the service over, that is for another half an hour. Can a baby wait like an adult. I wanted to wash her milk bottle and she asked me to go to the washroom. No helping hand at all. Luckily I had my parents with me to help. Even though they advertise they give a baby kit, no one came to us when the baby started crying. I must say if you plan to travel with an infant don't select this airline. 
 London Gatwick to Dubai with Emirates. Excellent seating - good space. Excellent food, entertainment system, very smooth flight. My cons would be not enough drinks, staff are not very cheerful, only one lady on my return was lovely the rest appear grumpy. On my way out there was no brandy available which was surprising. I would definitely fly with Emirates again.
  Delhi to Sao Paulo return via Dubai. From the chauffeur service to the boarding experience, I could find no fault. The lounge in Delhi airport is quite big, well stocked and comfortable. All flights were on time and thankfully not via remote bay in Dubai. Some of the crew on certain legs were fantastic while others fail to make a mark remaining within borders of being professional and nothing else. The crew on the Sao Paulo to Dubai leg were fabulous - very warm and attentive. On ultra long haul flights, the seats seem to recline a lot more on a lie-flat arrangement. Hot towels, Bvglari amenity kits, very soft and warm blankets and well stocked washrooms await onboard on these ultra long haul flights. Some of the cabins had the StarLight belongs only to Emirates - bringing a great mood in flight. Emirates, while being a great airline, has inconsistent cabin service onboard which is surprising. The ICE entertainment system was spectacular - the best in the skies. What I give it to Emirates for is their food and it's quality - marvelous! There are 3 meals on the 14 hour leg - in addition to main meals, there is a light bite service. Due to the lack of on demand dining, they have snacks in the galley in between for the hungry. Wifi on board was spotty over the Atlantic but very cheap at 500MB for one dollar. Overall, a great experience and will fly with EK again!
  Beijing to Dubai was my first time to fly with Emirates as well as my first long fly experience. During the journey from Beijing to Dubai, a Chinese flight attendant provided the best service I have had during a flight.  He tried to find a extra meal for me since I was so hungry. Also before landing on Dubai, he provided me many constructive advice for me on the local weather, culture and places of interest. I really appreciate his generous help and passionate service.
  Orlando to Dubai. Check in was fast, service at the airport is good, I asked if I could enter the business lounge despite my silver class had expired 3 months ago and they accepted. Although the flight was really long 14 hours I enjoyed it, entertainment system is still one of the best, the food and beverages are awesome. Only complain for this flight is that the headphones are a bit cheap but I guess for the money I paid for this trip they are ok. 
  Manila to Barcelona return via Dubai. Food was very bad - breakfast to Dubai was not even substantial, neither egg nor any piece of meat was served, just two types of bread, cheese and fruit cocktail. Service from Manila to Barcelona and Barcelona to Dubai was bad. No attendants doing the rounds to offer water or juice when meal service was long over. This was only done for the flight from Dubai to Manila. Meal was served very late - going 2 hours into the flight. Fancy packaging for some biscuits with cheese and salsa and tiny toasted bread but actually everything in that nice packaging does not taste good unless you are too hungry. Cod fish served over noodles was not fresh.  The salads served were awful, and i'm not picky with food. This is the first time that I ever asked for noodles during any flight just because I ate so little on my tray. Very disappointed indeed.
  Kuala Lumpur to Dubai. Have flown Emirates numerous time over the last few months and been very happy with service, comfort and quality of food. This last trip was exceptional and I had to give a shout out to the cabin crew. We had one of the best travel experiences and we fly extensively throughout North America and UAE.  I highly recommend Emirates.

  Doha to Bangkok via Dubai. We chose Emirates as the cost was reasonably good. Flight from Doha to Dubai was good, the time flown was just 45 minutes. We reached the Dubai Airport and purchased some Duty free and was little late to the boarding gate, but somehow managed to be there before 10 minutes. To our surprise at boarding both our tickets have been upgraded to Business Class. My first ever Business Class Experience. Loved the whole journey to Bangkok. The crew were very friendly and courteous. First time I had Champagne and a five star meal, received a grooming set as a compliment. 
  Johannesburg to New York JFK via Dubai. There was a total of 7 of us travelling on 2 separate bookings (6 people on 1 booking, 1 on another). Our flights home beginning on August 3, 2016 had us travelling with British Airways, Emirates and JetBlue Airways. We had no issues with our flights on British Airways and Jet Blue. Our luck ran out upon dealing with Emirates for our return flight home. I called Emirates August 2, 2016 (24 hours prior to our flight) to request kids meals and a vegan meal for 3 of our passengers. While on the phone with the representative, I inquired on our current seating arrangements to ensure the children would be sitting with the adults in our party. When I provided the booking number for my husband, I was advised his ticket was cancelled. You can imagine my shock upon hearing this. I asked the representative why it was cancelled, who cancelled it and when. I was advised it was cancelled July 24 – 1 day after we started travelling – and 6 months after booking the flight. The representative advised Emirates cancelled the ticket as they saw 2 tickets for a Brett Hale. My son’s name is BH Jr and my husband is BH. There is no space to enter a suffix within the Travelocity website. However, it is noted that one ticket was a child’s ticket and one was for an adult. In addition, I had to input the date of birth for each traveler.I never once received a phone call or email from Emirates to confirm I did in fact book a duplicate ticket. And I did not receive a refund for the cost of a ticket that they cancelled. After the representative informed me that Emirates made the error in cancelling my husband’s booking, I requested his ticket to be reinstated as it was, so we would all be travelling together. I was told that the second leg was full and that wasn’t an option. While informing the representative that that was not acceptable and that Emirates needed to find a way to ensure my husband was travelling with us, I was told he would send an email on an “Urgent Basis” and someone would be in touch with me. At this point, it is 7pm and the first leg of our flight home (via British Airways) is at 8am. I had been on the phone with him for over an hour. We were in a game reserve in the middle of South Africa and my cell phone did not have service. He advised I could try calling back in an hour. Long story short, it took over 4 hours and multiple phone calls to multiple people to get his ticket reinstated. Even then, I was not confident he would be flying home with us. I was extremely dissatisfied with the level of customer service and how they handle their own errors.
  Mauritius to Dubai. Our problems began with the meal service. We waited nearly half an hour from first to main course, but it was when the main course arrived that things really went downhill. The menu promised "Braised beef brisket served in a rich jus with mashed potatoes and turned root vegetables". What was served up with a barely warm meal with a dried up chunk of meat minus any jus. Judge for yourself from the photo. When I drew the attention of one of the cabin crew to this, she apologised and said she would find out what had gone wrong and come back to me. 20 minutes went by with no one coming back, so I pressed the call button, which was completely ignored (this in itself is worrying as it may have been an urgent matter that needed crew attention). I finally collared the purser as he was passing, got another apology and an explanation that all the beef meals were minus the sauce and offer of the same again but heated up. When I declined, explained that my partner and I were allergic to fish ruling that alternative out and didn't like curry, the other alternative, he said he would go away and see what else he could come up with. Five minutes later and the offer was beneath contempt - the purser brought the fish and curry meals I'd already rejected and two other dried up meals from economy. He then, very reluctantly said he'd see if there was anything else available from first class and claimed that they had the same meals so there was nothing he could do. I decided to pass and go the the sweet course (15 minutes waiting for that) while my partner decided not to eat at all. For the remainder of the flight, the cabin crew did their best to ignore us, or when they had to interact, their manner was off hand to say the least. Customer focus was lacking completely. The purser came past later and apologised but sincerity was lacking completely. About 30 minutes from landing, my partner pressed the call button to request the return of his jacket which had been hung up. Again, the call button was ignored completely. This was the worst flight I have had. By contrast, the connecting flight from Dubai to Manchester had an outstanding cabin crew and provided a superb flight experience. However, this is not the first time I've found a lack of consistency with Emirates, but it will be the last time. I will never fly with them again and I would recommend others to choose another airline.
  Emirates has lost it's edge with series of unnecessary changes over the last few years. If traveling to first world destinations, Emirates provide their latest aircraft, with state of the art features and polished services. However, take a flight to a not so developed destination and you are better off flying one of the budget airlines in the sector as there isn't much difference between the services and a whole lot to gain in the price. Flying to London heathrow on their A380 you would expect the best and unfortunately it failed to impress.  Had previously enjoyed Emirates design and layout of the A380 but having flown recently, it seems they've tried to save up on costs with reduced spacing between seats with thinner cushions.  Emirates staffs feel more likes nannies than polished butlers. Although they speak more than a dozen languages and look fashionably tailored, that's where it ends. An economy return ticket from Dubai to London was priced at a whopping 1200 GBP when other airlines were much cheaper. The only advantage I saw in paying so much was that it was a direct flight and I didn't have any lengthy layovers.  One would expect that after having checked in online a baggage drop would be quite a simple task and hardly time consuming. However, it seemed like the baggage drop lines were bigger than regular Check in queues and I don't really find much of a differences in what the staff were doing in the check in counters and baggage drop counters. Overall, I am quite disappointed with Emirates and next time I fly this sector, I might seriously consider other airlines.
  Jeddah to Bangkok via Dubai. All sectors on time. Good leg room on this plane and the video on demand is excellent although screen significantly more responsive on the newer and larger product on both the DXB to/from BKK legs. Long 6 hour layover on return but meal voucher provided for basic yet adequate fayre. The exit music is irritating and becomes headache inducing very quickly; it does not provide me any euphoria. Would always fly Emirates from Jeddah as they consistently deliver. Staff 10/10 on all legs but a little overworked on the final DXB to JED sector. Free 10MB wifi superb although would not connect over India then it timed out.
 Milan to New York and Rome to Bangkok via Dubai. I've been flying with Emirates for the last 3 years during holidays. I have flown several times both in Economy and Business Class. I have flown in Business Class both on the Airbus A380-800 and the Boeing 777-300ER. Business Class is way better on the A380-800, where you get a lot of privacy (specially in windows seats), great food and a great service. Business Class is good enough in the 777-300ER, but you don't get a lot of privacy and the seats are angled lie-flat, so not as comfortable. Emirates Economy Class, specially on board of the A380-800, is one of the best in the world. I have flown for years with Lufthansa in Economy Class, and Emirates beats it hands down. The PTV screens are huge, there is a good amount of space, the plane is really quiet, and the service is better than on Lufthansa. What I mostly liked about Economy Class, apart from the IFE is the fact that they don't bring your food in hot aluminium trays, but in hard plastic, that is much better looking. In Economy Class, you also have the possibility to see the menu and they pass with drinks many many times.
  Bangkok to Birmingham via Dubai. Having been a frequent flyer with Emirates for many years, I have to say that the service has dramatically declined over the years. Gone are the days when on the evening flights you got a small amenity pack, even in economy. They have a great TV system but more often than not, the crew are surly, seem not to want to work and if you want a drink, you do have to keep buzzing for it. Whilst the newer A380 planes are great and a lot more comfort, the older B777 planes can be OK dependant on the crews!
  Flew Johannesburg to Athens via Dubai with Emirates. Flew the week (a few days) after the incident at Dubai Airport and although there were delays out of Johannesburg we managed to catch our connection to Athens the next day courtesy of efficient ground staff at Dubai Airport. Arrived on time in Athens but without luggage which was a "pain in the neck!" apparently due to operational issues. Fortunately we were headed directly to the Greek islands where a swimming costume is all you need. Luggage arrived within two days but Emirates flights on all sectors were a pleasure and you will use them again on my route next year.
  It was a one-way flight from Warsaw to Brisbane via DubaiB. I liked the overall experience. The legroom was enough, the food was adequate and delicious, the cabin crew were attentive and smiling. Everything we asked was provided. The wifi was good and very cheap. The check-in in Warsaw was easy and pleasant. They offered us a meal voucher because we had a 4-hour stop at Dubai. Everything related to the flight was great. However, the experience at Dubai airport was disappointing.
  Upgraded to First private suites on Brussels to Dubai using 777-300ER. A very agreable flight of course, but with a long series of problems that should not occur. After take-off, the seat could only operated through the large TV touch screen, not through the remotes, which is a bit painful as the creen is about 1m from the seat. This was fixed after 15 min. Then the TV screen started going black for 30sec every 10min while the soundtrack of the movie still played. The system was reset and then worked fine. Although only 3 people travelling in the First class cabin, crew brought a wrong entree, and insisted it was the right one even it was obviously not the case. After 10 min they apologized, and offered to cook the right one but this took another 30 min. Halfway through the flight the seat completely jammed, but I could easily pick another one as the cabin was less than half full. I must say Emirates' first class seat is in fact worse than their lie flat business class seats on the A380s. Upon arrival in Dubai, I used Emirates chauffeur service, was assigned one of their cars but the driver told me he didn't know the (Meydan) hotel and asked whether I could guide him. Which I could not, so I asked for another car and driver, and left the car. But the organizers of the service on the pavement insisted I wait until they explained the route to follow to the driver. I did not want to wait at midnight with 36C temperature outside, and only after insisting really hard did they call another driver.


  Manchester to Tokyo Narita via Dubai. First leg from Manchester to Dubai was very good in A380 with good legroom and excellent inflight cabin service. However, WiFi did not work. Boeing 777-300 from Dubai to Narita was very cramped. Emirates have taken off 1 inch from each seat to squeeze additional one seat in a 3-4-3 configuration. This makes the seating very uncomfortable. ICE system did not work very well. Return journey from Osaka to Dubai was also bad. Boeing 777-300 cabin had a dated look. Seating very uncomfortable. My seat did not recline. Passenger sitting next to me had to move as that seat would not recline either. Toilets were dirty and had no water in the basin to wash hands. Cabin crew very slow in serving any foods/drinks. It took over three hours before any drinks or food was served after departure. Headphones did not work properly. Had to try 3 different headphones before I found one that worked. Airbus A380 from Dubai to Manchester was fine. I will avoid flying on Emirates Boeing 777-300 to Japan in future.
  Perth to Nice via Dubai. I used to love flying Emirates. What has happened?  Very expensive flights to Nice and service is terrible. I pressed the bell 6 times and the second time 4 times on another connecting flight, but no one showed up. The service from Europe was no better. I waited over 15 minutes to use a toilet in business and then one of the hostesses came out with her makeup bag (there was a line for both toilets). Service so slow and they act like they are doing you a favour. I asked for a red wine and got a cup of tea! When I mentioned this I still did not get the red. Two Sauvignon blancs is not smart for a choice of white wines. On board ICE entertainment system clumsy. Chaffeur did not confirm and we had to chase them to see if we were being picked up for two legs of the trip (website section said booked but empty?). Business lounge outdated and they have the childrens play room down in the smoking section. What has happened to my favourite airline?
  Melbourne to Kuala Lumpur. I was disappointed the staff were not friendlier during check-in. One of the best business class lounges, food, alcohol and facilities are great. Staff are the same as every other lounge. Service In Flight: The first time in my experience of flying business class that I was not greeted with a welcome drink, while other people in the cabin received it. I had a feeling of unwelcomeness from the staff - an overall indifference.  The only thing premium is the menu and not necessarily the service. I think the diversity of their crew is the biggest problem. There is no cohesive identity and embedded culture of service and welcoming.  Even having to press the call button twice on a few occasions to receive service. Food quality varied - some were delicious, the others not. Seating was very uncomfortable.  I was reconsidering my decision to upgrade. I couldn't sleep properly as I am a side sleeper. Emirates makes a big deal about lie-flat beds but does not deliver in all of their business class cabins.
  Maldives to London via Dubai. Our flight cancelled on my birthday 26th August. Our schedule landing in London was same day and booked my party with friends and family. I couldn't update my many friends about the situation. Took another flight next day which was delayed more than two hours in Maldives. Staff denied to enter in Dubai on our schedule fight stating they don't have seat available and overbooked despite we were holding boarding pass. After raise complaint to duty manager he adjusted on same flight which was also delayed for two hours. Till today 29th August 18.15 pm UK time we haven't received our two luggages. After several message and call nobody response. What a mess - I will never use again.
  Very good flights with Emirates flying from Dusseldorf to Mauritius via Dubai. On both flights there was enough legroom, seats were very comfortable. Entertainment systeem was great. Service on both flights was outstanding. Crew served us 6 times with drinks and meals which were very good. Ice cream served before landing in Dubai. Crew were very friendly and helpful. Transit in Dubai was very smooth though we landed at peak time in Dubai. We were given meal vouchers as our transit time was more than 4 hours. Would recommend.


  Dubai to New York JFK in Business class. I am a big fan of this airline and being a Platinum member I expect them to be the best. This trip the crew disappointed me as they were talking about some new rule of not serving me a drink from the bar till they take off which is unheard of. Also past few trips on Emirates they always have shortfall of water bottles even after 3 hours of take off and their food choices have gone so commercial and reminds me of cheap United Airlines food - specially the light bite and they should stop serving this uncooked doughy pizza. The flight manager never showed up in the cabin, usually they always come and greet their Gold and Platinum members.
 Birmingham to Colombo via Dubai with Emirates. Poor throughout, specially onboard food and service which is what I thought Emirates was renowned for and worth paying extra for. Birmingham to Dubai we had the A380 which was very comfortable with seats that I could sit cross-legged on. The entertaintment system was also amazing. This is where the positives end as the boarding of this flight took so long that there was an hour delay to take off. The organisation for transfers was poor to non-existent with a massive queue for security at Dubai with minimal time for the connection. For the rest of our flights, Dubai to Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka to Dubai with a stop at Male and Dubai to Birmingham, we had the smaller and older aircraft B777-300. This was noticably older, dated and uncomfortably cramped. The entertainment screens poor quality in comparison. The worst of all was the inflight service. Pressed my buzzer for help with a non-functioning screen and an hour later, nobody had come to ask what I needed. In the end, I had to keep pressing the buzzer continuously about 15 times before someone came to us. I had no entertainment for the duration of 2.5 hours. It only took 5 minutes to fix when they actually got round to it. The food and beverage service also poor. They had a choice of fish or chicken but by the time they got to aisle 23, they had completely run out of chicken. I offered to wait till the end of service to see if any was left. I was told categorically there was none left and then later I saw them handing chicken to some passengers. On the 8-hour flight from Dubai to Birmingham, after an hour on the plane before take off and an hour on the bus waiting to board the plane, apart from the little tub of water with the snack and breakfast, no drinks runs to even offer people water. On walking around, I saw all the service staff at the back of the plane with tea and biscuits having a good old jolly. Overall, a very disappointing experience, completely unexpected from an airline with the reputation of Emirates.
  
The service I have received flying Emirates has been of a consistently high standard, but on my flight from Cape Town to Dubai the cabin staff were excellent, extremely helpful and friendly. It was such a pleasant flight although I wish the cabin temperature had been coler. Food and drink is on demand, and of a good quality. The transfer arrangements at Dubai airport were well organised and everything ran smoothly. I will be using this airline as much as I can in the future.
  Flew Rio de Janeiro to Buenos Aires with Emirates. At Rio International Airport Emirates use the Gol Lounge. This is a simple lounge with no frills. The food and drinks were poor and the seating not very good. The Emirates ground staff kept Business and First class passengers queuing at the boarding gate for some time while some "priority" economy passengers boarded - I have never seen this before. Even when allowed to board the problem was that economy passengers had to come through the Business Class cabin, so stowing hand luggage etc. became a problem as to do so meant blocking the aisles while these passengers were trying to get past. The aircraft had a very tired feel and look. The seat layout in the Business Class cabin was 2-3-2 which made leaving your seat if you were not on the aisle a problem. The cabin staff were good and efficient. The food was possibly the worst I have ever had on any Business Class flight. Although there was supposedly Wi-Fi available I was never able to connect to it. I didn't really use the in-flight entertainment much but it was a little awkward and fiddly with a strange "tablet" type control which didn't seem to control anything.
  Johannesburg to Hong Kong via Dubai. Our flight took off and about about 2 or 3 hours into the flight the captain of our flight announced that our flight had been turned back to Johannesburg due to a problem at Dubai airport. No further announcements were made. On arrival back in Johannesburg we disembarked the plane and waited approximately 2 hours to receive our luggage, after which we were ushered to a bus taking us to a hotel where we would spend the night. Bearing in mind that our hotel arrangements were in place when landed back in Johannesburg, this could have been communicated to passengers over the PA system or by Emirates ground crew. We were not given any update as to what would happen to our connections.  We were shuttled back to the airport at 2am, boarding commenced at 3am and we took off again at 5 am. At no point were we given any indication of what would happen to our connections. When we arrived in Dubai (around 3:30pm) we were greeted with the chaos that was Dubai Airport, and then spent 11 hours waiting to be assigned new connecting flights. I was eventually given a connecting flight to Hong Kong 2 days later and put on standby for a flight leaving 3am on 5 August.  Rudeness from Emirate ground staff, all we were given were muffins juice and water for sustenance. Not a single Emirates employee made an announcement to make sense of the chaos nor where there any notices or communications. Passengers on flights that arrived an hour or 2 after hours sailed through to their connecting flights as is customary because they had been issued with connecting boarding passes at their departing airports. They also lost my luggage for the duration of my trip!
  Mauritius to Jeddah via Dubai, and really enjoyed the flight and hope to travel soon with Emirates again. The cabin crew were very friendly and the food also was delicious. The transit was great and I hope to transit through dubai once again. 
  To me, Emirates A380 has one of the best business class seats in the industry. However the food and service can be unpredictable. On this early early morning flight from Dubai to Bangkok we had only breakfast served - ordered the egg dish - which was horrible. The sevice was also slightly arrogant. Shame, for most of the time we fly Emirates, it's a superb flight. But on this one some elements didn't come together. I wish EK was more consistent in their experience.
  
Things could not have been smoother really flying from Dubai to Jeddah. The flight was almost full but boarding on this double decker plane was done very well. I was lucky to grab the bulkhead seat so had a huge amount of space in front of my legs. Flight departed on time and breakfast was served as choice of cheese omelette or Arabic option. I chose the former and was not disappointed at all. For once the service was very good without any crew attitude issues as has been seen so often with Emirates. There was free wifi as well. We landed on time and disembarkation for this huge plane was done smoothly without any air-bridges in miserable Jeddah airport.
 
The car arrived at our Singapore lodgings in fine time, and we were soon on our way to Changi, where we arrived in time for a very fine breakfast in the First/Business Lounge. We were welcomed aboard our 777, with the usual courtesy, but my infotainment screen wouldn't work. Attempts to re-boot failed. Fortunately there were empty seats with working screens so I moved. All went well until the pilot announced we were about to commence our descent into Dubai. I switched to the 'flight details' on the screen of my 'new' seat. Without warning the 'destination' changed from 'Dubai' to 'Sharjah'. Ten minutes later the pilot announced that we would indeed be going to 'Sharjah', and another ten minutes later we indeed landed at Sharjah. Our 777 'parked' alongside several others, in a secluded corner of the airport. Hours passed. We weren't allowed to leave the plane. Information was hard to come by from the crew, but someone with contacts in Dubai learned on his mobile phone that there had been a serious incident at Dubai which closed the airport. Without warning buses arrived, and we were asked to board them. It looked like the bus depot rejects had been mobilised. We found ourselves in a minibus which had definitely seen better days. It did have air con but I made the mistake of sitting in the front over the engine, which gave out more heat than the air con gave cool. We set out, we knew not for where, in a convoy with police escort. After many stops and starts, we eventually arrived at what appeared to be the 'employees' entrance of Dubai airport. A man in white robes and a baseball cap then appeared to assume responsibility for our 'convoy'. With much gesticulating he seemed to instruct the drivers of the buses in our convoy to follow him. He drove an ordinary saloon car, with a yellow flashing light on top through a security gate, and our convoy of barely street legal buses followed him 'airside'. Eventually, driving by parked planes, and other 'airside' traffic, we came to an 'arrival gate', we were only too pleased to leave the oven-hot interior of the mini bus for the air conditioned splendour of the main terminal building at Dubai. Imagine our delight when we saw that the 15.00 hrs departure for Glasgow had not yet left. It was now about 19.30hrs. The 'departures screen' announced 'Gate Open', so we made our way there and checked in. The Emirates staff in attendance couldn't tell us when the delayed flight might actually depart, but they did advise that we should stand by. Eventually the flight was boarded, and took off at about 21.30hrs. Six and a half hours late. The flight was incident free, although again I couldn't make the 'infotainment' system work, and we landed at Glasgow at 01.45hrs on Thursday 4th August 2016, just under six hours behind schedule. Our bags of course were still in the Middle East, so carrying practically nothing we went to get our chauffeur car home. The final indignity. They had given 'our' car to someone in greater need, we would have to make do with a complimentary local taxi. So ever so jet lagged, a taxi, nearly as grotty as the Sharjah mini bus, but not so hot, delivered us home in the wee small hours of the morning. Actually less than six hours behind schedule was so much better than I feared when we first diverted to Sharjah. We were reunited with our luggage during the evening of Friday 5th August, when a driver brought them to our home. A journey memorable for all the wrong reasons.
  We chose Emirates to fly Manila to Boston and then back to Manila from JFK International. Our flight to Boston was pretty good, except that my seat and my cousin's seat cannot be reclined, so we weren't able to sleep well, it was very uncomfortable. I think they should do something about it knowing that long haul flights are very tiring. Now, our flight back from JFK int'l airport to Manila, is very much a hassle . We were only told that the flight was delayed for 5 hours exactly during check in time (instead of 11:20am, it became 4:30 in the afternoon) which obviously made us upset plus the fact that nobody is explaining why it was delayed. It's a good thing though that they already allowed us to check in our luggage. However we needed to line up at the Check-in counter for an hour and 30 minutes. It was also disappointing that when waiting on the line, almost all the counters prioritized the Business class passengers. The flight however had a late boarding, it was supposed to board at 3:30 but they started boarding at 4:30. Our co-passengers have become impatient. We all crowded the boarding gate. Why? No one announced what's happening. I asked the ground personnel, what time are they boarding but her answer is just "in a few minutes". What the heck, you let us wait for 5 hours and more and you cannot tell us specific answers. And now we have to wait for 12 hours for our flight to Manila. We're supposed to be back to work by tomorrow. Please give fair treatment to all your passengers. The reason for delays must be explained. 
 Dubai to Auckland via Melbourne with Emirates. Sat in window seat 19J (aisle), my husband in sat in window seat behind that was more private. Very pleasant and efficient crew who served meals fast. Emirates did not have any women's amenity kits onboard, so I received a men's one. Some of the passengers in middle rows had seats that were malfunctioning and would not recline, I felt very sorry for them, at the start of a 14.5 hour flight when you've paid a lot of extra dollars for a lie flat seat, that isn't very good. Our previous flight which was shorter had the same issues with seats. Business class was full on this flight, so no way to move seats. Seats are comfy enough with the mattress topper but a little on the short side for me. Much room is devoted to the minibar at the side of your seat, I would rather have a wider seat, the drinks are not chilled either, so I just got chilled drinks / water from the bar. Good selection of movies and TV shows etc. The bar was fabulous, I woke up early (3am) and had a coffee. Could not fault the attentive and very helpful staff, any problems were due to lack of maintenance of seats and ground crew not loading amenity kits.
  Flew Amsterdam - Dubai - Dar es Salaam with Emirates. In Amsterdam our flight was already delayed 3.5 hrs which left us 30 minutes to make our transfer in Dubai. Upon arrival in Dubai, we could not disembark for another 15-20 minutes. After running through Dubai airport we arrived at our gate to be the last passengers boarding to Dar Es Salaam. Hungry and thirsty we entered the plane. The personnel aboard seemed very reluctant and after calling the stewardess to ask for some water they just did not come. Having travelled for 22 hours, all Emirates served us were 2 meals and a couple of drinks, but the worst was yet to come. Upon arrival to Dar Es Salaam, the luggage was lost. It's 4 days later and still we have not heard anything from them.
 This was my third trip with Emirates from London to Bangkok via Dubai, and first in Business, having been fortunate to fly in first on the previous two trips. Emirates is still one of the few airlines to offer a courtesy chauffeur service at selected airports, this is a huge cost saving and always appreciated. The moment you board the plane, you get the feeling that your custom is valued, that every effort will be made to make your journey as comfortable and enjoyable as possible. The seats are spacious and luxurious. The choice of beverages superb, the bar at the back of the cabin an excellent escape, and great opportunity to socialise with other passengers and cabin crew. The dining option was a decent choice, and as good as you'd expect if you were dining out. Travelling on an airline like Emirates is always the perfect way to bookend a trip, and I look forward to future travels with them.
  Manchester to Dubai with Emirates. Having just got off the flight from hell, I feel a few words are in order. There were real problems and long lines boarding the A380 in Manchester and this was not well handled. The food when we got it was cold and a 7 hour flight only provided one meal? The paying passengers seemed to be a inconvenience to the cabin staff - very slow and poor service and they never smiled or interacted. You press the call bell and wait and wait and wait. Then get out of your seat and go and find them. This is not the sort of service I expected and if this had of been my first flight with them I would never have used them again. I have been flying with them and other airlines for 20 years. I shall be using them in the future as I have never had a problem like this before but would not again fly in a A380 from Manchester.
  Gatwick to Brisbane via Dubai. Appalling service from Emirates. I had my business class flight cancelled and resold whilst I was on my connecting flight. I was only informed of this seconds before boarding despite being checked in. I was told I would have to fly the following day as I sat with a leg injury in a wheelchair! I asked if any first class seats were available as I cannot bend my knee. I was told both business and first class were full. This was not the case, after arguing my case with a member of airport staff, I was given a business class seat and it's occupant was bumped up to first class! I cannot believe I was lied to and that given that Emirates had sold my ticket to someone else they did not just offer me the first class seat. Instead leaving me upset and distressed in the airport. Since then they have lost my luggage. $6,900 was paid for my flights. Emirates, what are you playing at?
 Mumbai to Amsterdam via Dubai with Emirates. Aircraft very clean but the service was poor. The flight attendants were extremely lethargic and did not seem interested in serving the passengers. I would say it's a complete avoid airline. Even the food is not upto the mark. Most it was cold, hot meal wasn't hot.
  Perth to Dubai. I booked my ticket through Qantas for a route serviced by Emirates. At the check in, Emirates staff was not able to locate me in their system. Instead of clearing the issue with Qantas themselves, I had to go and talk to Qantas and forward Qantas message to Emirates, because according to Emirates (expressed in pretty arrogant way) I booked the ticket with Qantas and thus it is up to me to clear it. For me as a customer it does not make sense, as I would expect the airline to clear the issues they have with their internal systems themselves and not make the customer to try and resolve it at the airport, a couple of hours before the departure. Once the issue was resolved, the seat I originally booked, was also changed (from aisle to the window). Of course it is a small thing, but in the circumstances, it was annoying, as I particularly booked a seat at the aisle feeling unwell before the trip.
  Gatwick to Kolkata via Dubai, with a stopover of around 1 hr 30 mins in Dubai. Mobile boarding pass for both legs issued at the time of on line check in. Only reaching Gatwick at the time of depositing my check-in luggage I was told due to bad weather at Dubai, the incoming flight was delayed, consequently the flight from Gatwick will be delayed by 1 hour, meaning I will not be able to travel on my scheduled flight from Dubai to Kolkata - but have been rebooked on the next flight departing Dubai more than 12 hours later. There were at least 1 flight from Gatwick, and 2 flights from Heathrow that departed earlier than the 13:35 flight I was travelling, and if I was put on any of these flight I could have comfortably connected to my original DXB-Kolkata flight. Despite 1 hour delay in LGW-DXB flight, there was still 30 mins before my original DXB-CCU flight was due to depart, and I offered to travel on my original flight with my hand luggage only – the checked in luggage can arrive in a later flight, and I can return to the Kolkata airport to collect my checked in luggage. I was only told everything is being done as per Airlines policies. (One of the ground staff started choreographing what fog looks like and why it is difficult for a pilot to fly through fog). Flight EK016 arrived in DXB around 1:25am, but I had to ask 4 different airline staff before gaining an understanding that I need to contact the transfer desk. It took me 17 mins in the queue at the transfer desk before I could reach the front, by which time the connecting Kolkata flight (departinf 02:00 hrs) was gone. I even proposed that I be allowed to travel to any other city e.g. Mumbai or Delhi, and be given a ticket on any domestic airlines from Mumbai/Delhi to Kolkata (or cash instead), but was told this was not possible. My only option is to travel by the later flight departing around 12 hrs later. So I had to hang around for the next 12 hours at the Dubai airport. My London to Gatwick flight was protected by EU Regulations, but the connecting flight from Dubai to Kolkata was not, despite travelling on the same ticket so I could not claim compensation under EU Regulations. I understand the airlines has not anything legally wrong, but otherwise did not find any redeeming feature in Airlines handling of the issue, let alone appreciation of the inconvenience caused.
  Dubai to Tokyo Narita. During the flight, I wanted to buy some duty free products. I asked three times, and each time the cabin attendant told me that the person dealing with duty free goods would come along shortly, but never did. After the third attempt, I gave up. What annoyed me more was that the breakfast service was cancelled due to turbulence, after the special meals were already handed out during the same turbulence! I had recently experienced more severe turbulence over the Atlantic, and the in flight service was not cancelled on that occasion (different airline). So I had to look on enviously at some of my fellow passengers while my own stomach was grumbling. In the end, I arrived in Tokyo after a 9 hour flight extremely hungry and with a back ache (seats seemed to be made of cardboard). The only positive thing about the flight was the in flight entertainment, which included wifi and live tv. That, however, is not enough to convince me to fly on Emirates with my own money again, particularly as I paid a 25% premium to fly on Emirates this time. Very disappointed.
 London Heathrow to Cape Town via Dubai with Emirates. Check in at LHR seamless and agent very helpful in accommodating our maxed out baggage load. Straight to the LHR EK Lounge which was very well serviced and enjoyed very good pre-boarding dinner for what was the last evening departure to DXB. Boarding direct from lounge a real bonus with EK. A380 full as ever, but enjoyed a couple of hours at the bar before grabbing some good rest. Arrival at DXB gate delayed due to a ground issue, but crew kept us informed. DXB can prove a little tiresome as its so big. An hour in the lounge allowed a chance to grab some breakfast and a shower before boarding for CPT. Good seat in row 7 of the small front Business Cabin in 773ER. Enjoyed excellent service from the crew all the way down to CPT; great food, great wine, very good seat and IFE. On time arrival in CPT and bags quickly delivered to belt. For the fare, EK is hard to beat in Business Class.
  Buenos Aires to Dubai via Rio de Janeiro. Perfect flight in Emirates First Class. This was a long flight, with a 3 hour leg to Rio, a transit stop and then a 14 hour haul from Rio to Dubai. I was the only passenger in First on the initial sector, and there were 2 of us on the second. Service was exemplary - warm, attentive and professional. The suite on the 777 is just as spacious as on the A380 and immaculately clean and shiny. As ever I enjoyed the mini bar, treat basket, beautiful amenity kit, writing set, and wonderfully soft pyjamas and slippers. I was able to get a great sleep. Food and beverage quality and quantity, as ever on Emirates, was First Class. Dom Perignon champagne, vintage fine wines, 40 year old port, ultra premium cognac. Wifi worked well and was available throughout the flight for just $1, not the rip-off charges on some competitors (Etihad and Qatar for example) We arrived early, luggage delivery was super fast and I was soon in my Mercedes limo and being whisked home. An outstanding flight experience and actually good value for money, considering the reasonable price paid. Highly recommended.
  Manchester to Dubai in Business Class. An excellent experience from start to finish. Chauffeur drive pick up worked perfectly and check in was very quick. I was seated in my pre-booked aisle seat in the 777-300ER which serves the morning flight from Manchester (the other 2 flights are operated by an A380). Fast track security worked like a dream. Within 10 minutes of arriving at the airport I was seated in Emirates' excellent lounge enjoying an outstanding breakfast, as good as you will experience in the best 5 star hotels: cut fresh fruits, eggs benedict, stuffed field mushrooms, grilled tomatoes, warm bread and croissants. There were a selection of freshly squeezed juices and smoothies, but I opted for a glass of Veuve Cliquot champagne. Boarding was on time and we were soon seated with a friendly welcome and another glass of champagne. The business seat on the 777 is a little narrower than on the A380, but still very comfortable and it reclines to a lie flat bed, with nice new design duvet. Service throughout the flight was perfect with very good crew visibility and a purser who really was outstanding and lead by example. We enjoyed drinks and nuts (Emirates makes a very good Mojito), then a 5 course lunch, with light bites or afternoon tea served before landing. The inflight entertainment is of course very good, although unfortunately there was no WIFI or live TV on this 777. We arrived on time and were soon disembarked. I had collected my luggage, done some duty free shopping and was in my limo within 40 minutes of touch down. Outstanding business class experience in all aspects.
  Dubai to Manchester. Specifically chose this flight so that we could travel on the A380. Very disappointed. Boarding was OK and we were in seats 12E/F. Seats were a little narrow and widthways was restricted, nowhere to rest your elbows unless you used the bulkheads on either side, The floor ahead of the seat had a ridge in it which made it uncomfortable to stretch your legs out. Plane was 30 minutes late leaving due to one runway being out of use. Cabin service was very poor and disjointed. Starters were served and the mains did not arrive for twenty minutes. We were not offered tea or coffee after the meal and had to ask twice for it to be served, I gave up in the end. Times must be hard on Emirates; only one chocolate between us! The bar area at the rear of business cabin is the place to go if you want a drink, at least you get one there eventually. The pilot managed to make up the lost time and arrived in Manchester bang on time. Much prefer the A340 or Boeing 777 to this plane. We have the same trip booked later this year and I am wondering if I can change to another flight to avoid the A380.
  Manchester to Dubai. First time flying with Emirates for 10 years. Booked seats 11J/K which are the last row before economy section. Seats were a little bit hard, seemed to have little padding on the cushion. Legroom was OK but I could not get really comfortable in the seat. One major annoyance was the removable tablet on the seat frame which got in the way of my left arm and which restricted movement. The food service was good but the wine list is restricted when compared to Qatar Airways. The inflight entertainment was good but a bit fiddly to operate. Cabin crew were generally good and plane was clean and tidy. Overall a good flight but not as good as I was expecting.
  Rome to Taipei via Dubai, food are surprisingly cold, FA even forgot to give drink when serving the meals. Chinese-speaking FA treat the customer poorly, ignored customer needs. Could only tell customer need to English speaking FA. I think the Emirates product is really good (big screen, seat pitch is ok), but the software is really poor - very inattentive FA, no runs between meals, cold food).
  Paris CDG to Cape Town return via Dubai.  Paris CDG - Dubai leg operated by an A380 and Dubai - Cape Town leg by Boeing 777-300ER; both airplane types were new, clean, and excellent overall. This was a very nice experience, cabin crew was friendly, and we had stars in the ceiling at night. Food was delicious and came in more than fair portion sizes, I think it reminded me of Turkish Airlines which provides very tasty and large portions of food as well. I was even offered a 12-year old single malt Scotch upon asking (I flew economy class). There are lots of movies to watch in a fairly big display, seats are comfortable and spacious, and some amenities are provided in the long haul legs (eg. toothbrush/toothpaste, night mask, and socks perhaps, I do not remember). They gave away hot towels pretty often, in the return leg from Dubai to Paris CDG they gave a hot towel 3 or 4 tiles, which was very welcome. I do not think I have ever had a better long-haul economy class experience. 
  Flying Emirates from Christchurch to Sydney in Business Class. EK operates a Boeing 777-300 on this route. The seat configuration in this aircraft is 2-3-2 which I personally think was quite strange since many airlines around the world have installed 1-2-1 arrangement in business class for large airplane types. The seats recline to almost 180 degree flat which are quite comfortable. The stewardesses were more hospitable compared to their male compatriot. When I asked for some more water to be filled up in my empty glass, he kept showing me the already provided bottle of water. Before landing all business class passengers were given express cards for being used at the immigration counters. All in all we were quite happy flying with Emirates.
  Good flight in general from Dubai to Bangkok, ultra-clean plane, nice toilet kit amenities, very attentive crew, plenty of movies, but no classical music. Food for such an airline miserable, with totally tasteless shrimps, and no fantasy in the menu at all. Seat not very comfortable: because of the removable screen controller, less space for elbow. Interesting also to note that all Emirates pictures show business class cabins in 2-2-2 configuration, never in 2-3-2.
  Bangkok to Newcastle via Dubai with Emirates. This is business class on an industrial scale - literally. Onboard the service feels entirely scripted lacking any sense of personality or personalisation. The business class lounge in Dubai is akin to warehousing premium passengers - a cavernous space with no redeeming features. There was nothing good about this experience. And a queue of 10 for the rest room in a supposed premium lounge area? Really? This is not a premium experience, period. Thankfully I only to have to endure EK on a bi-annual basis. I'm so pleased to be able to reacquaint myself with ANA and Singapore Airlines as my regular flying partners.

  Child Escorted service. I am so angry at Emirates. Paid for escorted service on London to Perth via Dubai route, that gives priority baggage only to have the luggage go astray. If this is how Emirates are with under 18's travelling alone and supposedly looked after, it makes you think what service you get for your payment. Now our little one has had to go shopping while very tired to get the basics. Come on Emirates, get into gear.
  Manchester to Kuala Lumpur via Dubai. These were our first Emirates flights. Excellent cabin crew, friendly, attentive and happy to engage with the passengers. Both aircraft were very comfortable, but we prefer the extra smoothness and comfort of the A380. For a couple we recommend the central pair of seats which are positioned together with the mini bar section between the seats and the aisle. The wine selection was excellent and food very tasty and of a high standard. Regular supplies of hot towel throughout the two seven hour flights. The only negative was that I struggled to get the wifi set up, but that is probably down to my ineptitude. I could have requested help there but I didn't as I was into a film at that point. The Emirates lounge at Manchester was very good and is soon to be updated we were told. We were very impressed with the food in all the lounges we used, the KUL lounge was excellent too. There very good quality wines, coffee etc on offer in each lounge. Prior to these Emirates flights our most recent business class flights were from LHR terminal 5 and BA, Emirates offering is many levels higher than our experience there. 
  Emirates just won my worst airline experience. I was supposed to fly the simple Manila-Dubai-Washington route. But instead, I got Manila-Clark airport transfer via bus to get us on a plane there. We then were asked to wait without a clear departure time. Eventually, we left at 2AM after a 8 hour delay. Then they put me on a Dubai-London flight. When asked why this is the case, they tell me that I will fly to London and then wait for another transfer to get on Washington DC flight. Already exhausted finding our bags then moving the bags with us to a different airport and then waiting 8 hours, I told them I just want to wait for the next direct flight to Washington. They tell me I need to talk to the guys in Dubai for they can't do anything. But then upon checking, I find that I have an hour or so to move to the transit gate. At this time, I have no idea when I will arrive in London or Washington. I am now sitting at the Dubai airport to find out that I will have to wait another 4 hours in London. And they are announcing the flight to London need to be boarded. Since my luggage is already tagged through these stops, I am waiting at the gate. But I have to say this is horrible. More so since no Emirates representative is offering an explanation why these arrangements were made. Those that ticketed me in Clark airport in the Philippines was not even an Emirates staff. 
  Frankfurt to Mumbai via Dubai with Emirates. Very pleased with the journey, had a lot of leg space from FRA-DXB on the A380, felt like a lot of room for Economy. The Entertainment options were exceptional; I guess Emirates takes a lot of pride in this. I managed to watch local Indian TV interviews and I managed to catch a glimpse at my Nigerian neigbour who seemed to be watching something local too. So, a wide diversity and variety of IFE. I ordered a Vegetarian Oriental Meal which was just okay. I was expecting something more flavourful. I'd ordered the same on the DXB-BOM leg, but they chose to give me the standard vegetarian option (Paneer lababdar, I think) already available and I was thankful. Both very comfortable flights. The journey back to FRA was even more so. There was WiFi on the flight (so I could literally make a call over Whatsapp from my flight which somehow didn't work at the Mumbai airport). The Jain Meal (BOM-DXB) was excellent and the Asian Vegetarian Meal (DXB-FRA) was okay; I still have memory of the snack (muffin) they provided later - it was that good. I was impressed by how good Emirates is in terms of room space, food, staff, everything. Oh, the views for the morning flight from DXB-FRA over Iran, I think, were simply stunning - white, snow-capped mountains.
  Dublin to Brisbane via Dubai. I again travelled to Northern Queensland using Emirates / Qantas for a major family event. I left DUB on the late evening flight, supposed to leave at 22.25 but was delayed by 30mins or so because of an off load. Getting to the airport and similarly, on return, the chauffeur pick up worked extremely efficiently. Emirates is still, unfortunately, using the the DAA lounge in DUB. I had hoped, 2 years ago, that when they went to 2 flights per day, they would have their own lounge, like Etihad, but we can still hope. The DAA lounge is extremely basic, with no added frills. I flew in First with Emirates, DUB/DXB/BNE. Then transferring to Qantas Business for the Domestic connection to TSV. Out of DUB, it was very lumpy for the first 3 hours, to the degree that all the cabin crew had to be seated, so I didn't manage to get my evening meal until around 1.30am, by my clock. The 4 flights I had with Emirates in First Class, were all of a very good standard. Comfortable, good service and good food / wines. When I go back to Australia, Emirates First will certainly will have to be considered, if I can still afford it.
  My husband and I flew from Athens through to Perth and once again we were not disappointed, the standard and service provided from Emirates remains a constant 5 star. We could not fault anything, as always we found the Emirates crew intuitive, respectful and courteous with nothing being too much trouble. The food, the choice of wine, the comfort of the seats, the ambience and the entertainment choices were first rate, and the chauffeur transfer home was the icing on the cake. We had no desire to access the Wi-Fi on board and unable to pass comment on its use.
 Zurich to Dubai with Emirates a few times and always amazing. In my eyes Emirates has the best cabin crew. Very attentive, thorough, considerate and always with a big smile. The onboard meal was of a very high quality. The entertainment system for myself is the best.
 Sydney to Dubai in First Class with Emirates. The seats and service in the A380 are absolute luxury and Emirates First class is truly amazing - love the shower. There are a lot of food and dining options that you can pre-select and I did try to select some vegetarian food. The overall food experience on flight was great. The soup and entree was nice but the main was probably left in the oven for longer time leaving the rice very hard and the the green beans a bit burnt. Apart from this down side, the entire experience was truly amazing. Emirates is the only airline that I have experienced, who make you feel very special even if you are in coach, business or first class.
  Flew Emirates from Doha to Colombo via Dubai/Male. Pros: Very nice and friendly cabin crew (very quick in service). Excellent food availability compared to other airlines I've traveled so far. Comfortable and spacious seats. Cons: There were long queues at the airport (airline could insist the airport authorities had more counters available), a little delay in take off timing and had an awful experience at transit airport (Male). 
  Flew Emirates, Bangkok to Malta via Tunis. A tale of two contrasting legs: First leg Bangkok to Dubai fine on 777 or A380 depending on time of departure. New planes and the expected Emirates service/experience. 2nd leg from Dubai to Tunis left a lot to be desired - on a very tired, old 'workhorse' 777. Narrow width seats. Old generation ICE, no working power supply (at the time). 2hrs in Tunis - you are not allowed to disembark the aircraft and for the first hour are vigorously encouraged to remain in your seat while headcounts, security formalities are completed. Having just endured a 6-hr flight and probably a couple of hours in Dubai before the flight - and in need of a stretch, drink and to freshen up - it was frustrating not to receive better on-ground 'transit' care. Delayed outbound from DXB - TUN meant the flight took close to 20hrs all in all.
  Auckland to Brisbane with Emirates. A very comfortable journey. Boarding and departure were on time. The aircraft was clean and tidy and the cabin crew friendly and helpful. A delicious evening meal was served not long after our 5:10 pm departure and the trays were cleared away in a timely manner. The A380 is rock-steady in cruise and the quiet cabin is much-appreciated. The Emirates ICE entertainment system has a huge selection of movies, TV shows and music and kept us occupied for the remainder of the flight.
  Paris CDG to Dubai with Emirates. Fantastic. The seat is excellent, staff are kind and caring. The big plus is an excellent choice of French wines with the meal. The meal itself was alright, nothing fancy. The only problem with Emirates it that they don't bring the food at the same time for people sitting together. We have in Europe a culture of eating together.


  First time flying with Emirates on flight of more than 10 hours. Plane was new, was excited to fly on an A380. Check-in in Dammam and in Toronto (going back) was very efficient. Inflight entertainment had the latest movies and entertainment selection was very good. Seat was comfortable (I'm a big guy). Food was OK, I ordered the seafood meal. Flight attendants were attentive to passengers needs. There were fruits, juices, chocolates, water at the back in between the meal service. The small pouch that contained the toothbrush etc was nice. Adequate number of restrooms, almost always no queue to use. Did not have to wait long for baggage in YYZ. My wife asked for a motion sickness pill on the YYZ to DXB leg of the trip (EK 242, YYZ-DXB, 13 Jun 2016). Flight attendant politely advised there was none on the plane and asked if another pill would do - gesture well appreciated. Wasn't able to use the wifi. Could do with adding more seating capacity at the gate in DXB, we had to stand while waiting to board.  Overall, good experience. Emirates never fails to impress. 
  The flights from Frankfurt to Auckland via Dubai with Emirates was very comfortable. The seats in the economy class provide lots of space even for taller people like me. There were plenty of beverages to choose and all free. The food was quite tasty and enough to be filled. The most convincing feature at Emirates is the entertainment program on your touchscreen. There is a wide range of movies, TV shows and music in different languages. Even the latest movies are available. Although my flight took more than 20 hours it wasn't possible for me to get through the whole offering of entertainment. Nevertheless I got the impression that the cabin crew could be more present from time to time. Waiting time for service was sometimes too long.
  New York to Nairobi via Dubai with Emirates. We left on time - the flight was uneventful, the crew were helpful when you needed but responded quite slowly. The seat was comfortable and the plane was new so it had the new IFE - it was a rather fun flight. We arrived in Dubai on time and passed through security quickly for our connecting flight to Nairobi. The Nairobi bound flight was also good - the aircraft was new and we landed on time. I would recommend Emirates because their fares are reasonable and aircraft comfortable.

  London Heathrow to Denpasar via Dubai. We won't be choosing Emirates again. This was our first business class trip with Emirates rather than Qatar Airways, who we normally choose. A catalogue of problems, beginning with the chauffeur being an hour late to collect us, leaving us with a really stressful Friday afternoon journey around the M25 to cope with. We made it, but not by much. Seats on the A380 are great, but we were prevented from using toilets closest to us (reserved for 1st class we found out) and having to go to the back of the Business cabin to use an inadequate number of dirty toilets for what turns out to be a huge cabin. Food was mediocre; dried out (overheated) bread rolls and over-cooked dinners for both my husband and I. Staff are super though, that's their strength for sure. Arrived DXB, long bus ride to terminal (almost 15 minutes), very long walk and another change of terminals to find the next gate. Boeing 777 was really outdated; if you are not travelling with a partner, get ready for a stranger to climb over your not-very-flat bed to reach the aisle. Not acceptable in today's business class choices. TV screens are huge but the pixels make for grainy viewing and both my husband and I experienced our screens reverting to a puff-piece on Dubai and Emirates quite a few times when we were enjoying a movie. We could not connect to onboard wifi. Emirates lounge in DXB over-crowded with totally inadequate, smelly toilet facilities and queues at all times in both the men's and ladies loos. Emirates were cheaper than Qatar Airways but the choice for us will be to spend more to achieve the really high standard of care Qatar gets right. We still have out last leg to go to LHR and hoping for a meal which is not cooked to death and a taxi which shows up. Never again. 
  
Flew Kuala Lumpur to Dublin return. Flying with Emirates is a yearly affair now and they always meet my expectations. The ticket was value for money, hospitable cabin crew, flight journey largely smooth and most of all, always a positive experience. Credit also goes to our pilots when they flew over the Bay of Bengal, they knew there was turbulence and they made the right call in not serving meals temporarily while making sure we were safe. 
  My first time flying Emirates Business on A380 from Dubai to Manchester. I was impressed from the start. Went up to the business lounge - lots of comfortable seating and delicious food and drink available. Went straight to airplane from lounge. My seat was at the back of the section. There was a male passenger in the seat over the aisle and I must admit I felt very exposed and too close to him. Luckily there were several empty seats so I moved to a window seat - this time seat over aisle was unoccupied. Seat was very easy to move and very comfortable. Later I was offered a mattress but didn't need it. Staff very pleasant and helpful although during the flight I did ask for a drink of hot water which I never received. Meal served on white cloth. China by Royal Doulton. It felt lovely to drink out of a porcelain mug. Food was ok - better than Economy of course. I was able to have my choice but I think I chose wrongly. Later I had afternoon tea - bread had dried out but fillings very pleasant - much better than economy's which are sometimes inedible. Nice big screen to watch. I visited the bar area which was fun. Lots of tasty morsels to try there as well as drinks. 
 Manchester to Mauritius via Dubai with Emirates. Never flown with them before but would definitely do again. Customer service was faultless, the space on the plane was plenty and entertainment fantastic. Eat and drink as much as you want - a fantastic airline with great staff. Terminal 3 at Dubai is just for Emirates and the airport itself is like a small city with so much to do and see.
  Perth to Prague via Dubai with Emirates on Qantas tickets to get the QF points and status credits. We always work this way. Typical Emirates business class, that is to say pretty much as good as you can get. The A380 from Perth to Dubai was a very early model and starting to show its age, but still everything was up to standard and sleep was easy. New Perth lounge does get a bit crowded when the A380 is leaving and lack of pyjamas on overnight flight a minor issue, but still would not fly with anyone else to Europe.
  Have flown Amsterdam to Dubai roundtrips with Emirates A380s since they started the route. Seat, IFE and overall cabin comfort remain top in class. Catering has recently improved, quality of the FAs is still erratic, but Emirates find it increasingly difficult to depart on time, both in AMS and DXB. When departure is delayed by more than 45min it is not possible to catch-up during the flight as the sector is not long enough. Turnaround time in Amsterdam is very short, and thus departure time suffers quickly when the inbound flight is delayed. Not sure why leaving Dubai on time is so difficult, but according to announcements made by cabin staff it is often due to passengers arriving late at the gate.
  Flew Emirates from Melbourne to Singapore. Check-in and boarding was a breeze as boarding was done according to zones (seat numbers) which prevented crowding at the boarding gate. In-flight entertainment was great with a wide selection of movies that were relatively new, and it kept me occupied for the entire 8 hour flight from Melbourne to Singapore. Food was great, service was prompt and crew were friendly. Enjoyed this flight alot.
  Lusaka - Beijing return via Dubai with Emirates. All flights departed and arrived on time. Service and meals good. Ticket price was very good, under $700 return. No one can beat the Emirates in-flight entertainment. Connection time in Dubai was 4 hours out and 5 hours back, received meal vouchers for both legs of the journey when checking in. Increased checked baggage allowance, now 2 x 23 kg, was great. Check in online very easy with free seat selection. NB: if you require a visa for the country you are traveling too, you can still check in on line but will not be able to print your boarding pass as the check in counter must first verify your visa.
  Flew Emirates from Perth to Munich via Dubai. Soon after boarding we had to fill out a menu card to select our meal. Despite being told we could choose when we eat the meal, service was at a fixed time. A few hours later when it was time to serve the meal I was told they had run out. They could have worked that out hours before as I was unable to eat the other selections. They said they would write it up to ensure it didn't happen again on the next flight but the next flight knew nothing about it. So the eat anytime wasn't true, nor was their resolution. The travel instructions for the business class driver showed the wrong address on his chit in Dubai. It was not the address we provided. Obviously we got lost. The lounges were very ordinary. Fool me once, shame on me, fool me twice shame on you, fool me thrice - never.


  Bangkok to Dubai with Emirates. Boarding efficient, although flight less than half full in business. Cabin crew were attentive offering drinks pre take off. Soon after take off drinks were offered and breakfast orders taken (no large meal as late night departure). I did not use entertainment system as wanted to sleep. Flight attendant helped to fit mattress. Upon waking I asked for the express breakfast of a warm pastry and coffee that was quickly served. Arrived a few minutes late and quickly disembarked. Overall a positive and recommended flight experience.
  We were flying from Oslo to Johannesburg via Dubai and return 2 weeks later with Emirates. Fantastic comfortable flights with very good service. Even my wife had no complaints, nothing but praise. We especially enjoyed the first leg from Oslo to Dubai with a very pleasant crew. (This was partially during daytime). Food and drinks galore. I did not use the WiFi. Will definately fly them again.

  The leg space is above average, and is pretty comfortable. The cabin crew were nice and attentive. The ICE entertainment was great with a big screen, and various options to look for. The food though was okay, not that good but not bad either. I am okay with it as long as it is edible. The snacks that came along with the food were good. There is also free 10MB wifi which was good enough for me to send a text. Generally, I enjoyed my first time flying with Emirates. Not to forget, the cost of the tickets was reasonable. Kuala Lumpur - Dubai - Casablanca and return for approximately 500 Euros, which is not bad at all.
  Bangkok - Hong Kong. Greeted with indignance at Bangkok Lounge which was my very first impression of Emirates having flown Singapore and Qatar many times. Comfortable lounge. On board brand new A380-800 was comfortable with all the latest gadgets. Food ok and wine list a credit to the selectors except for Champagne. Why would you choose such a large House as Moet which seems totally out of balance with the rest of the wine selections? Friendly service although not as professional as Singapore and Qatar. HKG-BKK on an older A380 was a real experience. Seats feel more cramped than the new version although I have read they are the same width. Nowhere to put your arms when reclining and it feels like a very cramped space. Food was downright awful and service was staff who in their attempt to be over friendly and hip just got it wrong. I would much pefer to pay the extra money for Singapore and Qatar where I am almost guaranteed of a better experience. Upon disembarkation the staff were very rude. They forgot to give me my arrival papers on board. 
  Flew from Dubai to Shanghai. I have been traveling with Emirates since 2002 and a Skywards gold card holder since 2006. Over the last 3-4 years their inflight service can be best described as indifferent, this is especially true of the younger set of flight stewards. At Dubai airport the Emirates ground staff service is abysmal, it has been that way for a long time, even the food in the business lounge can be best described as average. The inflight service has been going downhill. Service it seems mainly depends mainly on individual personalities rather than as mantra. I used to complain before but no longer. I don't care I guess and I use other airlines when I can.
  Travelled last month to Mauritius via Dubai from Manchester and returned back a few days ago. The flights were comfortable in general. Service was good, though some of the cabin crew appeared tired and not happy when requests were made. The A380 is a great aircraft and the journeys made did other make me tired. Food was OK, though concerned that the quality has somewhat changed as opposed to previous flights with the airline. Some meals were nice, though could have been better in some aspects. The WiFi service is ad-hoc and did not always work properly. This could be explained by virtue of the fact that there are Internet restrictions when flying over certain countries. No complaints otherwise.
  
Dubai to Lisbon with Emirates. The B777-300 looked a bit tired compared to the B777-300ER, seat pitch seemed tighter, the entertainment screen was cracked and did not fully respond, the headsets were awful - seeming to increase engine noise and necessitating deafening volume to hear anything on screen. The seat cushion was a bit lacking in padding. Wine arrived early but from about climb out and for nearly 3 hours we experienced severe turbulence and in spite of regular calls for seat belts to be fastened and even the crew having to return to their seats for lengthy periods the service was somehow maintained. Dinner this time was king prawns with rice and greens in sweet chile sauce and better than we have often had in business class. The approach to Lisbon was equally bumpy but finishing with an excellent smooth landing about 20 minutes late. When I complimented the purser on the staff performance she invited me to their area at the rear to repeat my comments "because I want them all to hear your compliments" and gave me a couple of Drambuies to take home as a souvenir. There can be no better way to fly economy than this although try to get the B777-300ER and possibly bring your own noise cancelling headset.
  
Flew Emirates from Lisbon to Dubai. Full flight on fairly new aircraft with adequate pitch although a bit narrow. Take off and landing on time although parked away from the terminal at Dubai. The cabin crew were excellent - smart and friendly as always - to the extent that, knowing the habit of serving drinks after the food, I asked for a wine when getting seated and it was brought even before we were at cruising height. The seafood meal of chargrilled salmon was delicious and accompanied by yet another wine. After dinner coffee was accompanied by a wide range of liqueurs. Cabin staff were regularly coming through the cabin to offer drinks and to check after passenger comfort and finished with ice-cream about an hour before landing. The other thing to mention is the 'assisted passenger service' which was superb at both ends with a helper staying with you from check-in to the aircraft door and again from aircraft door to pick-up transport and then actually refusing a tip.
  I was flying Emirates from Muscat to New York via Dubai, with a friend who has an Arabic last name. During boarding we were called aside at the boarding counter as his name had to undergo an additional security clearance. We were the first ones to commence the boarding procedure, but after 2 hours of waiting they still had not resolved the issue. They told us the visa was OK, and that it was some kind of issue in the Emirates systems. We were not told exactly what the issue was, all we could see was that the boarding desk in Dubai was arguing with the Emirates office in JFK for the boarding release. The debate affected three travelling parties. Despite the flight already being 45 minutes delayed the JFK office refused to support the Dubai ground staff in clearing the passengers, but instead opted to open a roughly half-hour general debate with the Dubai desk on how to use the system and on the trainings they needed. This debate was held on loud-speaker. Long story, short: In the end I was told to board the plane alone or lose my flight while my friend was offloaded to take a following flight. (Curiously enough 5 minutes after Emirates closed the flight my friend was cleared, but by then it was too late to get aboard). I ended up waiting for him half a day at JFK. I found the whole incident to be quite unprofessional, and I believe the airline ground staff (especially in JFK) should collaborate more in the interest of the customer rather than power playing games with each other. This is the third incident I had with Emirates (I was once told to choose another carrier if I didn’t like flying with Emirates after they kept delaying my flights for 2 working days). 
  Mauritius to Guangzhou via Dubai. Overall, Emirates is good.  From Mauritius to Dubai, the A380 was full, and service was okay. At Dubai Airport I find nothing interesting and the wait is long, 5 hours or so. Once you are ready to depart for gates, we had to get in a bus for about 20 minutes and then climb a huge stairs to get into the plane. 
  Birmingham to Adelaide via Dubai with Emirates. The Birmingham to Dubai leg was in an A380 and OK but seat was narrow for business class. We switched to a Boeing 777-300 in Dubai. Can't help thinking anyone in economy who was able to lie across 3 seats would have had a better trip. The Boeing 777 seats are at a 15 degree angle so your legs can not be flat. This flight seemed understaffed. Too few bathrooms which were tiny and not always clean. The focus seemed to be on serving those who wanted alcohol throughout the flight rather than basic quality care to everyone. Definitely not value for money - at best I would describe it as poor premium class.
  Easy internet booking, seat selection, and food choice if required. Check in on-line up to 48 hrs before departure, allows for a quicker baggage check in. Chauffeur driven Mercedes to Emirates entrance at Gatwick.  Fast track through security is not that fast. Boarding gate is a walk away from the lounge. Priority boarding to top deck of the A380. Greetings at the door. I like seat 16K, mini bar is aisle side giving you well defined privacy, plenty of storage in the stowage below the two windows. The décor, some say bling, suits me. 15 inch screen, with separate tablet, so watch a movie and monitor the flight at the same time. Business class seats have aisle access. Served pre departure drink, with a drinks menu if required. Amenity kits are handed out on night flights, Bvlgary fragrances. On this leg, I elected to forego onboard meal and sleep, and the crew woke me for a meal. 4 hrs sleep and headed to the rear bar area which was buzzing.  Food is plentiful in finger picking style. Hennessey XO brandy and other branded spirits. The crew make flying fun. After arriving into Dubai, the lounge is the same, good food and drinks, lift to the boarding gate. Next sector to Mauritius and 7 hours to enjoy another flight. 

  Never ever fly Emirates if it is outside the Gulf region (they are good only for short distance local sectors in the gulf), especially to Asian cities like Hong Kong, Bangkok or Singapore. My trip to Bangkok and Hong Kong last week was a trauma, or a nightmare I can't get over, with them misplacing my luggage - on both flights - back to back and then in Bangkok it wasn't delivered until I had to leave the country, when I got it from their departure counter just in time to leave the country. In Hong Kong, they misplaced it ("erroneously" according to the response of the customer service staff) only to have it delivered the next day to my hotel. Also, their customer service staff is irrational and do not respond in time to queries unless few email reminders are sent to them. I'd never recommend Hong Kong at all, since Emirates does not have a counter there to attend to baggage misplaced by them, it is outsourced to an agency (Jardine services) who don't speak English properly. Their A380 planes not having a proper recliner seat for many passengers even despite being an 8.5 hour flight.
  Brisbane to Stockholm via Dubai. I have been flying with Emirates for the last 15 years. I did stop for a couple of years when they went really bad in almost every aspect, but lately they have picked up on service and everything. On my recent flight though there were many things not right again. The service with Emirates is hit and miss. You can get lucky with extremely polite and efficient staff or very unlucky with poor staff. On this trip I experienced both. When a flight attendant replies to guest complaint about the ice cold, ie. not heated food with the answer she could not know I wanted it hot, then there is something severely wrong. Within Asia you will have good staff, within Europe you won't. The new A380 is a pleasure to fly, it is more spacious and new. The second leg of my journey was on an older model, a Boeing 777-300 and that was awful. It is impossible to move, eat, sit or do anything. My worst concern was the disgusting food.  Also my folding table was dirty, so they might want to look into cleanliness. The entertaining system is marvelous, but in the older planes many gadgets do not work properly.
  I've flown with Emirates for the past 4 years and every flight I've taken has been perfect. I travelled Economy London to Sydney via Dubai. The flight's were all on time. The seats for economy are very comfortable and for me plenty of room (I'm about 5'8). The flight attendants are friendly throughout the flight. The thing I look forward the most are the meals which are delicious. I'd recommend joining their rewards program if you use Emirates regularly as you start getting enough points to reach Silver/Gold membership. For me the benefits were, checking in can be done in a separate line or the business class counter, then when boarding members are called to board before everyone else and in Dubai you have access to the business class lounge, makes the economy flight much nicer.
  Horrible airline that leaves customers stranded and out of pocket. My original flight was to depart 4th April from Tokyo Haneda to Brussels via Dubai. I had a connecting Eurostar booked from Brussels to London, which is my final destination. Due to the unfortunate events at Brussels, my flight from Dubai to Brussels was cancelled. However, I was informed (with a lousy text) less than 24hrs before the first leg to Dubai. I then had to contact customer service and spent hours trying to get my flight rerouted. 1st, they wouldn't take me to my final destination which was London, nor did they offer me a reroute to bring me back to Brussels to catch my Eurostar to London. They said my ticket could not be refunded due to ticket class (when they cancelled the flight) so I could not book another flight to get myself home to London. They said the only way I could go to London with Emirates was to top up EUR700, which is ridiculous. They told me to ring back every 2-3 hours to check if I got on a rerouted flight as all forwarding flights from Dubai were overbooked (I was in a completely different timezone, had to wake up every few hours, and less than 20 hours before my first leg was to depart) and they also emphasised that if I arrived in Dubai and was not confirmed on a connecting flight (I'll be in the air, so I wouldn't know till I landed), I will have to cover my own accomodation in Dubai till a connecting flight could be confirmed. Extremely frustrated with the situation, I told them to book me on the first confirmed flight that I could get all the way from Tokyo to Paris, which resulted in me being stranded in Tokyo for 2 additional days. I also had to pay for a new Eurostar ticket back to London as Emirates would not cover it. Adding a cherry to the cake, my luggage did not arrive with me in Paris (which I did attempt to check at Dubai that the luggage did make it to the connecting plane, and I was assured it did). After much arguing, Emirates baggage staff assured me that they will send the luggage to my forwarding address directly in London. Fast forward to 13th April, rang Emirates in the past few days only to find that they didn't know where my luggage was other than it was put on a flight to Heathrow on 8th April. Yesterday, the French office told me to call Heathrow myself to look for it. After arguing with them, they then contacted their UK team and located my bag at the airport. Emirates French office customer service then told me to go to Heathrow T5 Belt XX to collect my delayed luggage. I was infuriated and instead of offering to arrange delivery to me as they had promised on the 6th April, she offered me an email address to contact to try and 'convince them to send it to me'. I don't believe they have adhered to their conditions of carriage in both instances with my cancelled flight and delayed baggage but the airline has not offered me any compensation nor apology and I am still waiting on getting my delayed luggage back from the most incompetent airline. 
  Toronto to Trivandrum via Dubai with Emirates - during check-in the Emirates representative was rude and tried to mislead me by saying that I cannot carry my Laptop bag (1 laptop) and my carry on (7kg). I was told I needed to check in my carry on along with my 2 checked bags. My 2 check-in bags were only 10kg each. He scared me saying, I will be charged $150 fee for my carry on bag since I have a laptop bag also. He reiterated only 1 piece of baggage can be carried on board on a A380. Very poor form and service. I didn't expect this from Emirates. I declined his offer and proceeded with my carry on and laptop bag. Nobody stopped me at the gate. Hundreds of other passengers had bigger and heavier bags. Perhaps he took me for a first time traveler but I know the rules and facts. Awful customer service.
  After traveling on long distances routes with various carriers over the last 5 years I decided to go back and revisit Emirates in the A380 transiting in Dubai. I'm happy I did. Flew Hong Kong to Madrid via Dubai. Emirates seem much improved to me. The upper deck in the A380 is peerless, but there are a number of things that set Emirates apart now, in my opinion. The ground staff and transit interactions in Dubai, at least in Business, are just head and shoulders above anything else. The Business Departures is actually separate and you enter the plane directly from the lounge: stress-free, anyone? No lines, no hassle, no hysteria. The synergy is seamless. I love Cathay and Hong Kong, but they don't have that. JFK or Heathrow? Dream on. I recently had an appalling transit experience with Turkish in Istanbul and I would say this flight on Emirates showed how much more professional and logistically advanced Emirates are than that overrated carrier. Not to mention that the Dubai lounges are huge with great food and smiling staff. On board: again, top service, attentive and unfailingly good-humored. The walnut panelling is really nice, the cabins are soothing and elegant. The inflight screens are huge and crystal clear, wide selection of multi-lingual movies, including new releases from Korea and Japan. Food was superb, and I mean superb. For the first time in years I actually enjoyed the entire experience of a 14 hour flight. Moreover, they offer free limo service in every city you arrive in: they don't botch the reservations and the guys are waiting for you at the gate. What! Given that their prices are average, I would say Emirates now outclass almost every other long distance carrier if we except the Japanese, Korean Air, Singapore and Cathay, and maybe Quantas. But do any of these offer the add ons and extras that Emirates offer? I'll have to try a few of them in the near future. However, for the time being I am switching my allegiance to Emirates because they have cracked the nut on this one. Certainly, going East-West via Dubai there's no competitor.
  Munich to Cape Town return via Dubai with family of four. Positive: Check in at all airports (online and at counter) was smooth and fast, as enough counters were open. Ground staff was friendly and helpful (we had to print out online boarding passes in DXB as customs could not read from tablet screen). Boarding was fast too. All flights left in time and arrived in time. Food was good quality. Frequent beverage services during all the flights. Great entertainment system. Seats with good legroom. Negative: Seats on the airplane did not match those selected in the seating chart during booking. Seats should pitch a bit more. Meal services quick but not timed very good in our opinion; at some point all of our family felt really hungry, especially our teenagers (6 hours between light snack and dinner). Headsets collected 30 min before landing also entertainment system was still on. FAs customer service attitude sometimes does not meet the standard of a 4 star airline.
  I stepped onboard my Emirates flight from London Gatwick to Phuket via Dubai to that lovely aroma of business class. It's not a normal thing for me to travel in business class, but it isn't a distant dream anymore. The seats appealed to me, and I loved the layout. Once I had settled in, I spotted one flaw, which was the lack of storage everywhere, but the storage available just about accommodated all my items. Once we had taken off, I sat down to what I would have described as a 'bumpy flight' coming from a nervous flyer though. However, the wide selection of movies, space available for sleep and excellent dining occupied my thoughts to more important things. There are only a couple of words to describe this cabin - beautiful, elegant and stylish. The second flight had a more tranquil atmosphere in a smaller cabin with a different design, due to an older, smaller plane. The entertainment was a little disappointing, as the response for all the channels (which were very limited) was far from instant. The dining started and ended on a slightly different tone, it couldn't disappoint. Overall I strongly recommend Emirates.
  I chose Emirates for 3 reasons, ability to fly out of Boston, pricing, and desire to experience the A380 for the first time. I had flown EK once previously, a HKG-BKK one way several years ago. I was aware of their 4 star ranking and recalled from my previous trip that I felt that accurate. I am not sure that I would give them a solid 4 ranking based on these two flights. First, the good. Despite a miserable snowstorm in Boston we only had a brief delay in departure and made up time enroute. The flight only had 130 passengers so boarding was quick and easy. I would have thought that the high ratio of FAs to pax would have resulted in exemplary service. Not so. There was no drink service offered and an hour after takeoff, needing to take some medicine, I was finally able to flag down the Purser who promptly took care of me and checked back several times throughout the flight. Pity the rest of the crew were not so attentive. One appeared annoyed when I asked for another drink and pressing the call button was ignored. Though the bell sounded and the light went on, the FA told me it wasn't working when I walked back to the galley. The food at lunch suffered from the long delay in serving it. The chicken pesto sounded great but was too difficult to cut let alone chew. The bread (in cellophane) was cold. The flight itself was very smooth. Changing to the A380 in Dubai was trying due to the extreme heat and the mass of people. Once aboard I found that the seat I had selected from a seating chart was not where I expected it to be. Aisle seat next to the middle galley. I was banged into by FAs the entire flight, rarely with an apology. The service trolleys were continually blocking every aisle in every direction making a trip to the pitifully scare restrooms an ordeal. The food was better than the trip out. So good, in fact, that the FAs were continually eating. I have never seen so many FAs consuming food in plain view of pax. Again, smooth flights but service wise I would be hard pressed to give this a sold 4 star rating. No comparison to the level of service on Qatar, which thankfully had just begun service out of Boston. Am hoping the flight back home in two weeks are better.
  Adelaide to Delhi via Dubai with Emirates. I had selected my seats for travel on 26th December 2015 but the seats were released and I could not check in on my mobile.  I tried many times to check in and choose my seat but the system locked me out. When I made a phone call to Emirates they told me of their inability to do a thing about it. This resulted in being allocated a horrible seat in the middle, for the 13 hours long flight with the aisle person making it almost impossible for me to even go to the toilet. Topping it up the Emirates staff was unresponsive on the plane. When the staff was called they did not come even after pressing the tab 5 times. The entertainment system had so many glitches that I could hardly watch it. The worse thing was the bus from the plane to the terminal herding us like cattle.  The experience was not to end there since when I got my luggage back from the conveyor belt the lock was broken. When I sent the complaint to Emirates they said sorry for the things but passing on the blame to the respective authorities.
  We expected to arrive in Dubai by 0015 and board our onward flight to Kuwait by 0145. Our flight was expected to leave at 1415 from London Heathrow on 31st march, but departed at 1520. We expressed concerns to the staff in London and were assured that we would not miss our connecting flight. Onboard the flight the crew said they could not be certain if we will make the flight as it depends which Gate etc the flight would be on. This left us confused and apprehensive for the rest of our flight. As we arrived in Dubai at 0100, we were met by a Emirate representative who said we had already been offloaded the flight and had us booked on the next flight at 0745 the next morning. They gave us a meal voucher and said that is the best they could do. The staff said because of immigration rules they cannot offer anything to passengers if it is less than 8 hours. There was no empathy and I do not blame the staff from connections to the lounges we spoke to, as they kept referring there are no managers on duty who are empowered to authorize a place to rest and this is standard policy for missed flights arising due to delays.  We chose this flight due to the short connection. If we wanted a longer layover, we would have booked it, but timing was important to us. We truly experienced a journey in a class of its own.
  The large upstairs business class on the A380 is often relatively empty on the Bangkok to Hong Kong route route but on this short 2-day round trip both sectors were virtually full. Only the excellent bar at the back seemed to attract just a few passengers. The privacy in the window seats is superb, the large IFE screens make those of some airlines seem small in comparison, and a very extensive IFE programming. FAs go about their business calmly and flat bed seats are popular with some passengers who prefer to nap than partake of the meal service. With Emirates ticket prices for business class vastly cheaper than any other airline, this flight is quite literally a steal!
  Brisbane to London via Dubai, and  Emirates is quite a good airline with generally helpful staff and acceptable food. On this particular flight we suffered delays. The entertainment system is very good and the seats were fairly comfortable, the arm rests could be lifted to lie down and rest in the unusual event of not having a passenger aside. I would still fly them again next year though.
  London to Perth via Dubai was our first time flying with Emirates (we usually fly with BA) but sincerely hope this will not be our last. From our visit to the Emirates Lounge at Heathrow until our chauffeur dropped us off in Perth we enjoyed every minute. The cabin crew were hard working, attentive and cheerful. Food and wine was excellent and the A380 is a very comfortable plane to travel on. I have seen reports that the crew can be inattentive but I can honestly state that wasn't the case in our experience. It pains me to say, having been so loyal to BA for many years, in future our airline of choice will now be Emirates
  Sydney to Auckland, and Emirates offers excellent customer service on the ground and in the air. The inbound flight was late arriving resulting in a delayed departure. Emirates handled this exceptionally well, regular updates both in the lounge and at the gate. The service on board was professional at all times and made the trip very comfortable. The free inflight wifi is a great benefit and allowed me to keep in contact with my business colleagues to advise of my impending late. Made what could have been a wasted day to be a pretty good day.
  Milan Malpensa to New York JFK return in business. Emirates has confirmed to have solid business class product, the best from Italy to US. Excellent lounge facilities with direct boarding from the lounge, professional smiling crews and good onboard features, quality food during the flight.
  London Heathrow to Dhaka via Dubai, returning to Newcastle via Dubai. London Heathrow to Dubai started off well as I only had hand luggage so getting to gate was a breeze thanks to Emirates easy and intuitive mobile check-in. It all went downhill from here though. On boarding was clear my ICE seat back screen was not working or responding. Worse it wouldn't switch off and kept flickering. I informed a member of the cabin crew about the issue but there wasn't a lot of enthusiasm or effort made to help. I asked if could be switched off if it could not be made to work, and never heard anything for the rest of the flight leaving me with flickering screen to contend with for 8 hours which was distracting and didn't really help me sleep on a night flight. I understand things go wrong and am reasonable but its how you handle things that matters. Once over Dubai, landing was delayed and we were put in holding pattern for 1.5 hours due to fog. We were informed that ground staff would be on hand to help those with missed connections and those that had tight ones to make and I was relieved at first to see a lot of staff about. However it seemed they were only helping certain people and when I asked, I got yelled at very disrespecftfully to go look at the departure board. I was left to fend for myself when I only had 20 minutes to get my gate for the flight to Dhaka which was showing as "Final Call". Infuriated and out of breath I arrived at the gate just in time to be met with a surly and unapologetic gate staff. I was then shoved on bus in the Dubai heat and we were left there for half an hour without any updates past take-off time. We were then bussed to the cargo terminal where our plane was parked and boarded and then left for a further 45 minutes without much information. The saving grace of the DXB-DAC sector was the crew were quite friendly and warm, and unusually the catering was rather nice. Returning DAC-DXB, even getting into the aiport was a nightmare due the corruption and difficulties that have returned with using Dhaka airport and the use of the local airlines Biman handling team is slow and innefficient. The hassling for money of my elderly mother from her requested assistance was also unwelcome. The flight itself DAC-DXB was uneventful, but the food was atrocious even by Emirates standards - almost inedible. Thas was repeated on the DXB-NCL sector as well. All in all very much going downhill, even the hard product is showing some weariness and there's complacency in improvements on these - the 10 abreast seating on Boeing 777's is horrific. Staff attitude has always been their weak point but it has got particularly bad to the point of contempt, especially when things go wrong. All in all there doesn't seem to be any benefit of flyng Emirates anymore - other carriers do this better now.

  Tried Emirates for the first time from London to Melbourne via Dubai, UK having previously travelled Singapore Airlines. The difference could not be more stark. My experience on the outbound flights was not good and unless something pretty good happens on the way back, I wouldn't recommend them or use them again. The positive was the entertainment system which was good quality and a good selection and check in was efficient and pleasant. Seats were uncomfortable (hard) and the seat on the second leg was broken so it wouldn't lock in recline mode (flight full, so no spares). The quality of the food was not good and out of the three meals over the journey, two of them had ran out of one of the two choices supposedly available, so locked into a dish I did not want. Whilst the crew were pleasant enough the service was really bare bones and seem to focus around the main meal times rather than between times. The second leg of the flight was extremely cold in the cabin and despite people raising it, it didn't improve. Blankets all round. Broadband was woeful despite paying for it and I gave up in the end. I may have been spoilt by Singapore Airlines and it may have been a one off bad experience, but serious improvement necessary.
  Casablanca to Colombo via Dubai and Male with Emirates. From Casablanca was a fantastic crew who were responsive and attentive. The flight to Colombo via Male a very different set of crew who were totally opposite.The guy serving my side of the isle never spoke to pax in a full sentence - Coffee-sugar- milk- tray up/down etc. Hardly any smiles from many crew in the economy cabin. The meal service starts very late and it takes ages for them to clear the trays. The announcements were bad and confused. Its amazing how a crew can make the difference on a flight. The stopover hotel transfer worked well and food on all flights nicely presented. ICE entertainment was fabulous. Ground staff in Casablanca was friendly and efficient.
  I chose Emirates just because they were using the A380  aircraft for the route from Singapore to Dubai. Beautiful aircraft complimented with great crew service, even in Economy Class. Excellent selection of movies in ICE system and a strong WiFi connection to keep up with the work. 7+ hours of red-eye flight and you are not feeling tired, thumbs up!

  I was lucky enough to fly Emirates from Istanbul to Dubai in December 2015.  The cabin crew was very nice and friendly, the seat back screens were the biggest I have seen in economy class, and the economy toilets were quite large. I had plenty of room to move around the toilets, and they had air freshener in there. The seats were comfy with lots of leg room, and the blanket they provided was quite long. When it was dark outside, they had little "starry" lights on the roof of the cabin to mimick the night sky. 
