  A wonderful experience. Eva Air is remarkable with their hospitality, cleanliness and fresh food. They are the best airlines I have ever flown in and as someone who travels often and uses several airlines, this is still an understatement: Eva Air has the kindest and very caring airline staff, their seats are always extremely clean and the air inside the aircraft is very refreshing. Their food is very yummy and fresh too and I normally have trouble eating food from an airplane. They maintain this beyond the aircraft as well, because even in the airport, those wearing the EVA Air uniform are very kind and helpful. Thank you and my bestest wishes.
  Another great set of flights R/T Bangkok to San Francisco via Taipei. The EVA service from start to finish was 5 Star, check-in, boarding, inflight service, baggage handling, etc. The lounges in Bangkok and Taipei are great. I pre-ordered my main meal on my long haul flight segments, the Rack of Lamb was as good as any fine restaurant! The flight attendants provided an exceptional high level of service, attending to every need with a smile. The comfort level in business is over the top. I was in an individual side pod which was roomy, lots of storage space, a large entertainment monitor and a comfortable lie flat bed which was made up with a mattress cover and plush duvet for sleeping. I was even given a size to order set of pyjamas. By far, EVA is my airline of choice for Asia to the USA flights,
  Excellent service in everything, clean, comfortable chairs, good food, punctual is very important, very friendly and helpful both on the ground and in the air. It was fantastic to travel with them, then we took them from Taiwan to Thailand, and back to Canada in the same way. Maybe I would add more movies in Spanish. Without a doubt we will use this airline again.
 During boarding i noticed a negative atmosphere. During dinner everything was cleared away without asking, we noticed that the staff on board were rushing the whole time. Seat malfunction, screen did not work as it should, asking for a new seat they told me its not possible. The food was ok, inflight entertainment is very limited. Ground staff were ok, very efficient boarding in Bangkok. 
  EVA Air posts no ambition to serve customers even in Business, it's becoming like Cathay Pacific's service which is very structured however lack personal touch. Flight departed 0910am, the main was served early in the morning, however breakfast was served at 1800 (local time) which was extremely weird.
  The food was excellent. The flight left on time. The toilets were clean. The staff were attentive. The seat was very small and legroom was tight. The entertainment system was poor.
  I bought 4 EVA roundtrip economy class tickets between NRT and LAX via TPE, this was the first time I seated myself on an EVA’s economy class seat. All in all, I consider their in-flight services on par with those of other 5-Star Airlines. Recommended. On our return flight, however, an unexpected matter occurred at the time of check-in at LAX. Prior to leaving for LAX, as all family members have an ANA frequent flyer program account, I set each flight to be credited there. As my wife and I have Star Alliance Gold status given by United Airlines, through the priority lane, we checked in 4 pieces of our luggage, showing a representative our Star Alliance Gold status on the cellular phone screen. However, she didn’t intend to attach a priority tag to each piece. “Please remember we have Star Alliance Gold status,” I retorted. She said to me, “You are not qualified for the priority tags being attached to your luggage, because your flight miles are credited to ANA.” I answered flatly, “Accrual is accrual. Privilege is privilege. OK? Accrual is one thing. Privilege is another.” She didn’t seem to understand how each Star Alliance member’s frequent flyer program worked. Finally, another female representative replaced her and had the priority tug attached to each piece. But she changed our accounts to be credited, from ANA to UA without our consent. It was not until we passed the immigration that I was aware of it.
  It is my perhaps 12th time flying with EVA business but it was the first long haul on Boeing 787 instead of the usual Boeing 777. It was a great flight. Boeing 787 cabin feels more private and modern, and the entertainment system is a big upgrade from the B777. EVA is still probably one of the best business class out there but the standard has slipped during the past few years. The food is served in a ceromonic way but the food quality has declined. Salad came with too much vinegar, and the main course was bland (the FA mistakenly gave my pre-ordered main course to another passenger). It was also quite rush, not the usual elegant EVA style. I have noticed that they are no longer serving VC vintage champagne - although the new replacement is still better than other airlines' business class champagne. A lot of small touches are missing which is a shame. The other shortfall is wifi - you have to apply before your flight to get 50 MB free data allowance. Service overall is efficient and friendly enough, but lack in warmth and enthusiastic. The lounge in Taipei. It is very dated, no natural light, and the food/drink selection is very poor. No sparkling wine/champagne, food quality has declined and they have also stopped serving cold pressed juice. The shower room was dated and wasn't cleaned properly. It's a place that I don't want to stay for more than 20 minutes.
  On my flight to Cebu I was covered in bug bites by the end of my flight. On my return flight we were the first ones to check in and the the attendant put my husbands name in twice and erased mine. So we had to wait for 2 1/2 with a child stuck in the check in area. Then they finally fixed it without help we were separated on the flight home and they wouldn’t upgrade one of us. 
 Another great set of flights R/T Bangkok to San Francisco via Taipei. The EVA service from start to finish was 5 Star, check-in, boarding, inflight service, baggage handling, etc. The lounges in Bangkok and Taipei are great. I pre-ordered my main meal on my long haul flight segments, the Rack of Lamb was as good as any fine restaurant! The flight attendants provided an exceptional high level of service, attending to every need with a smile. The comfort level in business is over the top. I was in an individual side pod which was roomy, lots of storage space, a large entertainment monitor and a comfortable lie flat bed which was made up with a mattress cover and plush duvet for sleeping. I was even given a size to order set of pyjamas. By far, EVA is my airline of choice for Asia to the USA flights,
 Best airline I have ever flown. Was a long flight (14-15 hours), but boredom easily goes away with an amazing selection of meals, snacks, movies, TV shows and games. The flight crew were super nice too! Apparently the economy class is actually good, offers great comfort when on a budget. Will definitely fly with EVA Air again.
 I flew Eva Air at Christmas and it wasn’t the greatest experience but not the worst. This time the flight was one of the easiest long hauls I have ever done. It was very pleasant, food was ok. I was assigned a middle and I am extremely claustrophobic so with the help off the ground staff they were able to move me to an aisle.
  Vancouver to Singapore & back between April & June 2023 by Business Class. I had been flying EVA Air since year 2000 between Singapore & Vancouver & was a Diamond Club member for awhile. This was my first experience in Business Class. Flights all were on time, except the flight from Singapore to Taipei on 6th June which took off one hour late. Aircraft was clean & well maintained. The Business Class Seats in configuration 1-2-1 were arranged in a slant & manouvering to get in and out was difficult. Poor design & not comfortable. The Toilets, Entertainment System were good. We had ordered AVML Veg meals & they could be described as patchy in selection of menus. The meals when served with actual Indian items were tasty but lacked the Yoghurt. The Dinner from Taipei was a let down as it had weird mushroom, tofu etc in Salad (none of which is Indian). Service onboard was excellent by  cabin crews. Announcements by Crew were often unclear. Luggage was well handled. No issues. Overall a very comfortable and satisfying trip and value for money !
  I have been a loyal EVA customer for many years. I have earned their Gold Status (Infinity MileageLands). I needed to redeem my frequent flier points before the end of June. Thankfully they had extended the expiration date a few times because of COVID19. I decided to redeem the points and fly from Chiang Mai to Vancouver. After being frustrated with doing the online booking myself, the Taipei office (loyalty) kindly phoned me and walked me through the process and everything was perfect. Once in Vancouver I decided to make a trip over to Toronto and I needed to extend my EVA ticket. This time the Taipei and the Chiang Mai office worked together to make that possible for me. I am very grateful to the Taipei office along with Zee and his Chiang Mai office colleagues. Again, the onboard service offered by EVA just doesn't get any better. There are little things that make a difference. At the door, they check your name on the boarding pass and then greet you by name. Each time they speak to you afterwards they refer to you by name. The FA takes you to your seat. When they speak to you, they do not bend down but rather get down to your level and speak to you. When you use the lavatory, on the way out they ask you if there is anything that you need. This is really impeccable service. The food is wonderful along with the wines and cocktails. This excellent service is not a one-off for me but rather what I have experienced before in business class from EVA. When I have had difficulty in the past, I have found that the "loyalty" department at Taipei is most helpful and I can say that same about the Chiang Mai office. I did note that I was not eligible for the free WiFi since I was on an award ticket. That is unfortunate because one receives the points to use an award from being a frequent flier. Again, my appreciate to the Taipei "loyalty" office and Zee and the Chiang Mai staff.
   BR211 TPE-BKK on 04/28, third leg of SE Asia trip with Hubby. EVA uses a 77W for this trip, the same metal we were on just a few hours ago from LAX. Boarding was done by group and they announced the group names clearly and where we can line up so it was quite organized. The flight attendants were again very polite and helpful but efficient in helping people with their luggage and seating. Service was very good, quick and friendly done by cheerful cabin crew. The captain made announcements at the beginning of the trip and information on Bangkok airport condition just before our descent. We landed just slightly ahead of plan. It was a very good trip.
  Flew EVA on BR11 LAX-TPE on 04/27 just after midnight. Boarding was done by zone but there were no clear information on where to line up for each zone and which zone is currently boarding so it was quite chaotic. Unless I asked to the gate agent about our transfer from a United flight, we won't know that our United-generated boarding passes have to be exchanged with EVA ones to be able to use the automated gate and our baggage tags needs to be stamped. In LAX they used the new automated gates that makes the boarding process quite slow since many people don't know how to properly scan their boarding passes. Once on board, the flight attendants were very efficient in how to help passengers with their luggage and finding their seats. They were very polite but still ensure that all safety precautions are followed. Once we were airborne and the service started, the FAs were very courteous and helpful, and give a very good service. They informed us of the two meals we will be served on board and the timing of the second meal (two hours prior to land) and there are snacks available in between. Service started with a welcome drink (water, orange juice, wine or beer) then dinner. Once dinner was served and cleaned, they dimmed out the cabin lights so passengers can sleep. Throughout the evening flight the FAs made frequent rounds with water or OJ. The restrooms were kept clean and there were ample amenities there (toothbrush, toothpaste, lotion, etc.) at all times. The orchid decoration on the restroom wall is a very nice touch. Inflight entertainment is quite good but the layout is quite confusing. I didn't know they have many more options until the last moments before we started our descent. The lights came back on just before second meal (breakfast) is served, a very tasty Chinese congee. The captain made announcements regarding the planned trip before we leave, and about the current condition at Taipei airport before we start our descent. We land and got to our gate C5 ahead of time. Overall it was a very comfortable trip.
  
I flew with them on the 24th March 2023. What a great service and the Airline rep Debbie was so helpful and friendly and she helped us to do a very smooth check-in. I have to say it was 5 star service all the way from London to Bangkok and back and I cannot wait to fly with them again. Thank you for such a great service and looking forward to fly with you again. 
  First time I had flown Eva for about 7 years. The product was very good. The flight was roughly on time, which I thought was good as I was flying out in Christmas Eve. It was actually the fastest flight I’ve ever done at just over 10hours. Food was ok, movie selection has gone down hill.
  I was impressed with everything about my flight. Premium seat was spacious and comfortable and with the cabin half empty there was plenty of room to spread out. Meals were excellent quality for airline food. Got plenty of sleep. Very happy.
 Not my first time using EVA Air but first time for about 5 years, check-in a bit slow as was security and passport control. Once airside used the EVA Air lounge through my FF status, the lounge is okay not great but quiet with okay food offering. Boarding was slow although polite, once on board arrived at my seat 26A which I always like on this aircraft. Drinks served before departure which was around an hour late, once in the air the crew provided a good service. The seat was pretty comfortable and luckily I had the adjacent seat empty, lunch and dinner served during the flight with drinks and snacks offered frequently. I'm a big fan of Premium Economy and EVA Air do it well, more PTV options might be nice however I slept 6 hours so okay. Arrived on time after 12 hours 20 minutes bags off quickly great service, I did notice though that EVA Air have installed 3-4-3 in economy so I wont be flying economy on EVA but otherwise would use EVA anytime in PE.
  Great airline! I flew from JFK to Cebu with my family of 4, including 2 boys 6 and 12. We had such a comfortable flight. The food was very good, the customer service was great, the seats were spacious and comfortable, good movie choices and my personal favorite was the toiletries in the bathroom. This was my second time flying and I was very pleased. I will definitely be using Eva Air when possible. Highly recommended!
  My experience on the London Bangkok route was pretty mediocre. But let's start with the good : the staff are fantastic, well-trained, polite, efficient and gracious. The EVA web site is so full go glitches that it is practically unusable if you have a problem needing solving. I wanted to retrieve my membership number and password, which proved impossible over three months of trying. When asked to enter my name it would reply "Please enter an English name."  When I called customer service in Bangkok there was no reply ever. Cabin is nice, but small and cramped feeling, the herringbone arrangement is good but there is little privacy and the seats are narrow and not particularly comfortable. I am tall and have a disability so I'm not their ideal customer! There is no turn down service or mattress, so you have a blanket and have to put that down and sleep on top of it. The food was worse, though. As I recall, EVA always had great food and maybe Covid has impacted this. Bangkok-London offerings. Presentation is fine, we got a beef dish with a potato gratin that had a strange scent. My bead was microwaved plastic. The hostesses quietly apologized. Arriving at 6pm in London as it grew dark we were served breakfast. Congee, cereal and yoghurt and another weird omelette. There was a thing called Chicken with Red Cheese. This shows total lack of management. London to Bangkok was marginally better food wise. EVA doesn't have a lounge a Heathrow so they use the Lufthansa one. I need a wheelchair to get to gates they didn't send one. Boarding was an hour late, chaotic and disorganized. On board, the Chinese offering was good, fresh and real and the oolong tea is a lifesaver, but I didn't arrive feeling that I had enjoyed the flight. Tthe internet didn't work even though I paid for it.
  Was extremely disappointed with this flight. Boarding in YYZ was a gong show. I had booked myself and my elderly parents into Premium Economy so we can board first and get the bags into the overhead storage and settle in. Instead, my parents who are seated next to me boarded in Zone 4. And I was in Zone 5. How does that make sense that we are boarding so late and also at different times? Furthermore, in Terminal 1, they haven't figured out how to coral people so you have people lining up arbitrarily somewhere and then some EVA air staff would walk around with a card saying some zone number and expects everyone to move over and join them. It was just pure chaos. I was hoping that the meals and service would be great but it was not.  They only served only 2 meals for the 15 hour flight. There wasn't an instant noodles snack. On top of that, my  meals weren't good. The flight attendants rarely walk by to ask if I wanted water which left me quite parched unless I buzzed them. Meagre catalogue of new movies. The shorter flight from Taipei to Kuala Lumpur had ever so slightly better movies. AC has better in-flight movies. Seat incline was very, very generous.  And because there was slightly more leg room, the person in front leaning completely back doesn't make moving around in your own seat, and even eating, a big issue. The flight arrived an hour late, thankfully I left a lot of time because my elderly parents were not mobile and I gave myself a few hours to transfer. 
  First the app of EVA Air is quite good. I am ANA member but could use with no problem and register my ANA card. You can check all in app and choose your menu in advance. The Japanese menu from Tokyo was quite good. Staff is really attentive. Food is great. Taipei to Paris Flight is older, still full flat bed, but food is good and staff is attentive. Maybe need more option between the 2 meal as it is a 15h flight. For both flight wine was great. I recommend this airline base on price and quality.
  The flight was pure torture with the thinly padded seats in the Boeing 787-10. Aisles were just large enough for the galley carts and since I was in an aisle seat if I was not careful I get bumped by flight attendants and fellow passengers. When my reservation was made I requested a wheelchair for my wife who can not walk a long distance. We had no issue in Seattle or Manila but at Taipei she was ignored in her request. So finding an unused wheelchair I wheeled my wife from the gate to the security checkpoint where an employee argued with me about stealing a wheelchair. EVA has lost me as a customer first the horrendous seats and the stolen wheelchair.
 This was my third time to fly EVA Air with a long flight and 2 transfers. Having the first leg (DAL-SFO) with Alaska Airlines is great. It was comfortable and check in was smooth. The staff were very friendly. The actual EVA Air flights from SFO-TPE and TPE-CEB were also good. The staff were efficient and the flights were comfortable. I chose a low calorie meal which was great since you get veggies and fruits and protein! There was no selection which was fine but the first meal protein was dry. Most of the time it was chicken or egg whites. My last meal with chicken was delicious though! But this was my very first time that my bags did not arrive. My bags were yet to be located (as of this writing). The transfer from TPE-CEB was a little bit chaotic knowing that my previous flight (SFO-TPE) was delayed—which the airport crew handled well btw. The next leg was also moved. I was not worried since in my previous experiences—they always make sure that you get to your flight. 
  It was a comfortable ride. The seats are not bad, you get what you pay for. Cabin crews are helpful. Food quality is alright, about the same as pre pandemic. Inflight entertainment is mediocre with a limited selections of movies and shows. Still it's worth flying with EVA Air if you are planning to fly Taiwan.
 People rarely give good reviews more often opting to write something when things go wrong, but it's been such a long time that I've had a good experience with an airline carrier, that I had to leave a review! I had a great experience with EVA Air flying from Vietnam to the United States. The trips consisted of 2 flights, one for 3h and one for almost 12h, both trips were great. The staff was very friendly and professional. The food was also great. I didn't feel like I was being scammed out of my money at every step of the trip like I do a lot of the time nowadays with US airlines. I would definitely recommend this airline.
  Mid-November the outward journey AMS – BKK in the Boeing 787 dream liner, to my surprise, very little legroom, not to say, very tight, in row 21 , but I was lucky row 20, with a lot of legroom, (you looked at the pantry, among other things), 2 empty seats. Consultation with a flight attendant and I was very spacious on row 20B, stretching my legs, etc. The return flight BKK-AMS was a true torture for me and others, so little legroom, I was now in row 28C, soon here and there some irritation and sometimes a fight, especially if someone pushed their seat back a bit (by the way, a seat like C is not really nice, people constantly bump into you, including staff) The passenger in front of me moved his seat back a bit, so I monitor was about 10 cm away. So I leaned back a little, to which a passenger behind me started grumbling, I didn't want any problems, so I stood up and patiently explained to the man; don't complain to me but do it at EVA, or fly premium, ok that problem solved quickly. My thought, apparently due to the new seat configuration EVA still wanted to cash in? Half November de heenreis AMS – BKK in de Boeing 787 dream liner, tot mijn verbazing, zeer weinig beenruimte, om niet te zeggen, zeer krap, op rij 21, echter ik had geluk rij 20, met heel veel beenruimte, (je keek oa tegen de pantry aan), 2 lege stoelen. Ff overleggen met een stewardess en ik zat op 20B zeer ruim, benen strekken enz. De terugvlucht BKK-AMS was voor mij en anderen een ware marteling, zo weinig beenruimte, ik zat nu op rij 28C, al snel hier en daar wat irritatie en soms ruzie, met name als iemand zijn stoel wat naar achteren deed (by the way een stoel als C is ook niet echt lekker constant botsen mensen tegen je aan incl. personeel) De passagier voor mij deed zijn stoel wat naar achter, waardoor ik mijn monitor op ong.10 cm afstand kwam. Dus ik ook maar iets naar achter, waarop een passagier achter mij begon te mopperen, ik wilde geen problemen, dus ben gaan staan en de man geduldig uitgelegd; ga niet bij mij klagen maar doe dat bij EVA, of vlieg premium, ok dat probleem snel opgelost. Mijn gedachte, blijkbaar door de nieuwe stoelen configuratie wilde EVA nog ff cashen? 
 The airplane is clean. Its facilities, such as the lighting and tray, function well. The service is good. Flight attendants are friendly and helpful. The seat is comfortable. The meal is delicious and fresh.
  Starting from the boarding experience in Vienna, where they put you in a confined place for 30-40 minutes, with no seating. Some of the cabin crew serving me were lacking the basic communication and service skills. Infotainment system, was working properly, but a lot of the selection is for Asian passengers. Headphones provided to me were of a low quality, before. To exit your seat to the toilet, you need to climb out.
 All flights were cancelled at Terminal 1, NAIA due to technical problems. All passengers of Eva Air BR278 were waiting in line For about an hour and there was no one at the check in counter to explain what we do next, and only a piece of paper showing contact numbers were given to us to rebook. My first time to fly Eva Air because my husband had very good things to say about the airline. The flight was to depart to Taipei at 1850 and I have a connecting flight to LAX at 2355. There was no one at the Check in counter and the Office was closed at 5pm. Text Message to my Phone about flight cancellation was received at 4:31pm and paper with contact information was passed around at around 4:45pm. 
 My wife and I, we are really outraged by the way we have been treated by the EVA AIR – BR75 team. The flight times have been moved up to 5 times, due to technical issues. Finally it was the next day. In the meantime we received 2 food vouchers, which could be used at a limited number of shops. The route from the gate to the shops was a long walk and then back. We are an elderly couple and not very mobile. By the time we got to a snack shop, there was already a queue of 50 people. Reason: many of those kind of shops were closed due to renovations. So we had to walk even further. At the end of the day we had to go to another gate; we had to wait again, without further information. Finally, we followed the whole group of people to the immigration gate, we had to hand over our passports. It is therefore forbidden according to the Dutch government to hand over your passport. Only if there is legal approval for this. A copy of our passports was not accepted. If we refuse, they wouldn't help us any further. So we had to do this. After a 30 minute bus ride we arrived at a hotel. Waiting endlessly again. We got a very basic room, no hot water, no luggage. We got a meal, went to bed exhausted at 11 pm, got up at 3 am, because we had to take the bus to the airport at 4 am. Waiting again, no one from EVA AIR was there to explain anything. 500 passengers, in small groups, were searching for information or help. The flight was not listed. And only around 07:30, the staff arrived and boarding could begin. We had to wait a long time for our passports, because a pile of numbered passports had been dropped. We are regular customers of EVA AIR, but we don't recognize the service anymore. This was so bad and customer unfriendly. This brings down the reputation of the company way down. We have submitted a complaint but unfortunately, have not received any response.
  On time departure and arrivals. Immaculate aircraft, warm attentive staff (ground and on board). Royal Laurel Class seating was very comfortable with excellent amenities. Great transit lounge service in TPE Airport. Catering was amazing and still preserving the first class experience serving individual courses one at a time and the pre flight expansive menu is awesome. EVA is always our #1 choice for travel.
  Another outstanding flight with EVA Air. The boarding process well organized, Aircraft was immaculate and in excellent repair. Warm attentive staff, comfortable seat. Extensive menu for pre flight ordering and the lobster selection was perfect. Always my first airline of choice for travel.
  Narrow seat. EVA Air has 10 seats per row in Economy class, even 9 seats per row in same aircraft of Thai Airways. Flight delayed and some baggage left at airport. So, passengers worry for their baggage. One of our baggage was damaged, one of our baggage arrived one day delay and three of our baggage arrived with 5 days delay.
 Great cabin crew, awful Heathrow ground staff. On the outward journey from Bangkok to London, the cabin crew were wonderful: totally professional and really helpful, but the ground staff at London Heathrow were shockingly bad on my return. The check-in staff were impatient and rude from the outset, telling me "Move along the queue and stop wasting your time" when I began to enter my details in the Eva Air online check-in machines provided for that purpose. My passport was scrutinised and refused because of a small tear on a blank page at the back of my passport.  The check-in manager ripped off the luggage tag from my bag when the decision had been made that I could not fly. This was unsmilingly delivered with no explanation, unnecessary and humiliating. This failure of Eva Air Heathrow ground staff will cost me approximately $1,200 to book a new flight. In spite of my very pleasant outward journey with Eva Air, I won't be travelling with this airline via London again. The London Heathrow staff made this a miserable experience for me.
  Have flown EVA a number of times in both Business and Premium Economy on this route and have been more than happy. This return leg was in Economy as unable to upgrade, having tried to contact BKK ticketing office for 3 days. The flight layout was supposed to be 3-3-3. On entering the plane noted that it was 3-4-3. We were sitting in the middle and I was on the outside with my wife in one of the middle seat of the 4. First thing. Noted how tight leg room was given the seat layout I couldn’t put my right foot flat on the floor. This was my first time in a 10 across format and compared against Thai Airways 9. I wouldn’t have booked if I’d known was 10 and again time of booking was only showing 9. Crew were very efficient. Food was very poor both meals and not a patch on Singapore Airlines as a 5 star comparison. The temperature on board was too low. People were putting on coats and requesting second blankets and hot drinks. I would not fly Economy with them again. Would this experience stop me using them again in other cabins, maybe not. But it’s a tough ask in Economy on this plane specification for 12.5 hours. Whilst Thai Airways is not as polished in terms of staff it’s a better experience on a 12.5hr Economy flight.
  We started off boarding the plane, the crew were very lovely and greeted us professionally. When we got to our seat there was a pillow and a blanket with headphones and cleaning wipes waiting for us. The blanket was very comfy and soft and so was the pillow. The seat was large and very nice for this 12 hour flight. We started cruising and went on the IFE screen, there was a lot of movie options and kid options, a few games, the flight map was excellent. The food options were very good. Chinese and a western option. Either Prawn and potato pie or Chicken thigh with black bean sauce. I chose the chicken thigh with Pineapple juice and Tea. I loved it, it was a good portion, had lots of flavour, it was a good sized meal. Very very tasty. Then I mostly slept. I got up and went to the bathroom, the crew were putting away the trolleys. They were very nice, this very kind crew came up to me and offered me some snacks. Of course I said yes. Then I slept more after that. Woke up and a few hours later breakfast was served. Prawn fried rice or eggs, I chose the fried rice. Again lots of flavour, it was another good portion and it was extremely tasty. I had tea and cranberry juice with it. Then we landed in Bangkok. Overall it was a magnificent flight! It was brilliant. Good food, good staff, great seats.
  I am disabled and had first class care at both airports. However the flights were dreadful. On the outward flight to Bangkok we had paid extra, both ways for an aisle seat for me as I can't climb over due to my disabilities. We were 2 rows back from the exit row seats and just before take off I noticed they were free. I ask one of the crew politely if due to my disability we may move she said yes, but it will be £150 each and you have to pay in cash. I thought she was joking and then she repeated £300 cash. During the flight I went to use the toilet closest to us and again due to my disability found it difficult due to the size. When I came out I stood to stretch my legs and a fellow passenger told me that at the rear of the plane they had a disabled toilet. So next time I went to the rear and there it was. It was occupied so I waited a few minutes until a crew member came and said the normal toilet is free across the other side. She saw I had my walking stick and I said I will wait until this one is free. She said, it is not occupied but locked for staff use only. I asked if due to my disability I could use it and she just said no, crew only. I was amazed I have to say on both these issues plus the general attitude of all the crew on the outward flight. The food had also dropped in standards as well.
  We paid for three seats not knowing it was next to emergency door exit, it was a chaos from ticketing, wheel chair handling, we were asked by 3 stewardesses about emergency door and in case of emergency. We told the third stewardess that if they believe we cannot perform the task to just move us to a different seat and refund the money that we paid for the seat because the we are tired of being asked three times. The seat is not comfortable, not made for a long flight.
 As a solo traveler, I arrived in Bangkok on EVA BR211 from Taipei and returned on EVA BR68 both in economy class. This trip has confirmed my earlier experiences with the company, such as traditional style mixed with comfort and the always kind, smiling, and helpful cabin crew. Easy and automated check-in, quick boarding, spacious and comfortable seats with soft blankets and pillows, and more than enough in-flight entertainment. As for the meal, I chose the lacto-ovo vegetarian menu which was satisfying and well-prepared. The bread was warm and fresh, and the main dish served with freshly cut fruits was flavorful.
 Bangkok to Taipei. I had an 11 hour layover at Taipei airport which wouldn't have been a problem if it was during the day. However, the plane was delayed by an hour and didn't land until 10:30pm. The food courts had closed by the time everyone had disembarked, even the lounges were closed which is unacceptable when you're paying an eye watering amount for a business class seat. Why on earth would EVA Air have an 11 hour layover at night when nothing is open and there aren't any sleeping facilities like pods. I can't recommend them purely on their insane layover times
  With so much praise has been given to EVA Air's Royal Laurel Class, I was looking forward to my flight to Bangkok. The experience began at the check-in desk, which was swift and friendly. The boarding was also methodically carried out, with business class passengers invited first. The cabin has a 1x2x1 layout with a reverse herringbone configuration, and mine by the window. The decor was pleasant, with olive green, shades of grey and brown colours. The seat itself looked cosy and comfortable. Settling down, I took a moment to explore the settings. The armrest could be lifted or lowered. There was the usual adjustable reading lamp and areas for storing small items and drinks. The seat adjustments at first looked complicated, but I eventually got the hang of it. The TV monitor was set at an angle opposite and had to be clipped open to be viewed. Headphones were also in their own compartment. The fold-out table was especially large and sturdy. Good quality slippers, Jason Wu designer pyjamas and a decent amenity kit were also provided. PJs were really welcome and should be standard on long-haul journeys. Once boarding was complete, pre-departure drinks came. When I requested Champagne, I was told it is prosecco for now, but champagne with supper. Seemed rather odd! At cruising altitude, the 'supper' service began. The menu was displayed on the monitor, and there was a good selection of soft drinks, spirits, wines, and teas. I had pre-ordered my main course for both 'supper' and 'refreshment' meals. The seafood main course of tiger prawns, with cashews in a spicy bean sauce, vegetables, and rice was delicious. But the choice of wine was just red or white. For afters, it was cheese and biscuits, with walnuts and pieces of fruit. However, I was disappointed to see a branded package of mini Jacobs crackers - it just cheapened the presentation. In my experience, biscuits and crackers should be served loose. The service was rather rushed, with no drinks refills unless asked for. I also had to ask for a coffee before tucking into sleep. Once 'supper' was over, the cabin crew just retreated to the galley area until two hours before landing, when a 'refreshment meal' was served. My main course was an Asian affair - noodles with shrimp won ton, char siew pork and other dim sum items which was tasty, and this time asked for champagne and got it. EVA Air offers an excellent business class hard product. The cabin crew, although polite, were just not engaging. The was a lack of proper etiquette and finesse when serving food and drink or attending to passengers. However, it did not deter me and I did enjoy my flight all the way to Bangkok.
  Taipei to San Francisco. My flight was on August 18 2022 on BR 18 from Taipei to san Francisco I have a condition called OAB (over active bladder) and that's why I always wanted to sit near the lavatory because I always have to empty my bladder every 30 mins. On that flight I was on 73H last row, aisle sit right side and behind me was the lavatory. Since I got into the plane I rushed to the lavatory behind my seat and it was occupied. I waited for 15 mins and a flight crew approached me and told me to just use the lavatory on the other side and that was fine with me since it was vacant. But mid flight I noticed every time I went to that lavatory it was always occupied and I was forced to use the left side lavatory or on the lavatory on the middle part of the plane. But one time I caught a flight crew came out on that lavatory behind me and as soon as she came out she suddenly locked the lavatory from outside and make it appear that it was occupied but nobody was using it and the reason they are locking it from outside so that nobody can use that lavatory except for them (crew). It was a horrible flight for me because I badly need to use a lavatory to empty my bladder I have one behind me but that crew on that flight are using it exclusively so I have to use the other side but it always had a long line or the lavatory on the middle part of the plane which is too far from my seat.
  Pros: Food is OK and most crews were somewhat attentive. Cons: less selection of movies and music Issue: I usually made multiple trips (every two hours) to restroom, unfortunately EVA air assigned me the window seat and I couldn't change it during check-in. After took off, I realized that there were some aisle seats not been taken, so I requested a flight attendant whether I could change my window to aisle. She told me that there was no aisle seat available. I ended up begging my neighbor passengers for five times to go to restroom. Most of the times they were sleeping and I really hated doing that. It would be better if the flight attendant provided me the reason why she could not assign me an aisle seat when some are available instead of rudely denying and walking away.
  I paid for a reservation of a specific seat and they confirmed with my online ticket. After arriving at the airport i received a ticket for a different seat. After approaching the staff about this, he pretty much told me that this is my problem and he wasn't going to do anything about it. Once again it was a paid seat and they did nothing to compensate the loss for me. 
  Eva Air's slogan 'Striving for Perfection' is a strong strap line yet standards have fallen since Covid. I have used Eva on the London to Bangkok route since they started flying from Gatwick in 1994. Unfortunately my first post Covid flight there are a number of issues which need to be addressed. The In-Flight entertainment is not what it used to be with limited choice and a really difficult navigation issue where one has to select ones mood before a small choice appears. Food was mediocre and the vegetarian bread roll is served cold yet standard fayre comes with a hot roll. The evening meal was excellent with fresh salmon and potatoes but my breakfast hash was disgusting. 
  We are flying back to Taiwan and I unfortunately got covid, which resulted in a 300 pound change fee. Just before our next flight my wife got covid and this time we were charged almost 800 pounds. I understand there may be a change fee, but they added the cost of the flight at that time, rather than what we originally paid. The customer service team were neither helpful or sympathetic to our situation. They simply said they could waive the change fee of 75 pounds with a positive PCR test. As we know a PCR fit to fly costs well over 100 pounds. The logic and competence shown was awful. We have now paid over 1,100 extra with no apology or compensation given. Also, as they are only flying once a week, we have had to delay work for two weeks. Never will I fly with this airline again. I would have been fine with paying the flight change fee, but to add an additional cost of 800 pounds is an insult.
  Beware of cancelation fees even when the airline canceled your ticket. My ticket for April 2022 got canceled due to the new covid policy issued by Taiwan government. Still the airline will not give you back 100% of the ticket.  Hence i rebooked another ticket again thinking it was just 1 plane got canceled. And immediately canceled that ticket in an 1 hour stretch. Airline refused my cancelation request and charged me penalty. 
  EVA Air is a great airline, in the air, less so when there is a problem on the ground. My return to Taipei from Chicago was cancelled three times (September 4, 6, 9).. I believe that they could do better in customer service, particularly in rescheduling. On Friday, I called about my cancelled flight; the phone rep did not suggest any alternative itineraries (I can't wait two weeks for the ORD route to open up). I suggested flying through Houston instead of Chicago. The rep told me that my new flight plans would not be confirmed until Monday (and that there may or may not be a fee for changing my itinerary). I decided today to cancel and fly another airline. The representative could not tell me what my refund would be. She instructed me to email the EVA office in Chicago and they would let me know when they get back to work after the holiday. The website and app are adequate for booking a ticket, but seem worthless to deal with any problems. And, if the app/website is worthless for rebooking, why can't the phone reps give firm answers about rebooking and fees? 
  Be wary of purchasing tickets for EVA air flights. The lower fare belies the issue with the layover transit ban in Taipei. Although a small screen on a page will alert you to this ban, it states that the ban will be in effect for only a month (until Aug 31, 2021 as of this writing). Some people are willing to risk having their flight canceled. However Taipei has a history of extending this ban every 30 days since May 2021.  If we had known that Taipei had a record of protracting their transit ban, we would not have purchased this ticket. Ultimately, we canceled our booking, paid the $120.00 surcharge and booked a direct flight with another airline out of LAX just for peace of mind. 
  Me and my wife booked flights on May 5, 2021 for May 14 to June 2, 2021 round trip tickets from Edmonton to the Philippines this coming May 14, 2021. Because of the new rules imposed by the government of the Philippines to incoming travellers, we decided to just cancel our trip. We requested a refund from Eva Air but we were surprised that only about 60% will be refunded in 5-10 days. We’re still waiting for the return of the money. Almost 40% penalty charges is just too much. We feel like this is taking undue advantage especially at this time of the pandemic. Eva Air should be more compassionate to their customers. A 20% cancellation penalty is more acceptable. We’re very disappointed but what can we do. We will just wait for the refund and learn from it.
  The airlines cancelled my flight due to limited flight. My original flight is May 20. Due to this changes I have to make changes also on my connecting flight. I asked to move it to June 11. I was told that I can only picked a date between May 24 to June 2 and for Monday, Wednesday, Friday. I asked to speak to manager if I can change it to June 11 since they are the one who decide to cancel the flight coming out of Manila on Tuesday and Thursday. The representative said that the manager will tell me the same thing because its a company policy, and told me i will have to pay the difference or cancel the flight and book it somewhere else. I understand they're trying to consolidate their trip but if you are the one who's causing the inconvenience of customer, you should be able to be flexible. 
  A bad experience. I appreciate that Taiwan prides itself on efficiency, but perhaps a little more attention could be spared to hospitality. On the plus side, the flight was on schedule and the plane was very clean. On the minus side, one meal for a five hour flight and nothing else, not even passing through with a tray of water in a plastic glass. The seat selection was a bad joke: the plane was 90% empty, but on the online seat selection I was offered a choice of only two seats, neither at a window, both at the aisle. In the days of Covid, surely a window, seat is further from people walking down the aisle? The attitude of the cabin crew was frosty.
 My trip was a group booking for a school field trip before most flights were affected by the pandemic. Our actual flight was cancelled due to COVID, but we were quickly rebooked to the next available flight. Service was good - ground service for group booking (we were a group of 30+ people) was excellent and check-in was seamless. Food served was excellent - for a 2 hour flight, we were served a full meal. Crew wore masks (no PPEs yet as there were still no outbreak at the time), but you can see the courteousness and sincerity in their service. Even got some playing cards to pass the time! Would recommend flying with them again.
 I was fortunate to check in for my flight back to the USA the night before the flight. The challenge for me, though, was being able to check in my bag right at an hour before departure from Seoul, as I was afraid that I wouldn't be able to make it to the airport in time via public transport in the early morning. Happily, that wasn't a problem. I was able to make it to the check-in gate right on time, the staff were friendly and checked my bags with no issues. Gate staff in Seoul and Taipei were pleasant. The flights to Taipei and then to Los Angeles were drama-free. I found the cabin and lavatories clean and staff courteous. I did find the seats slightly more cramped (maybe just my perception) and in-flight entertainment and meals to be a little boring, though, compared to previous experiences using JAL and Singapore, these still fare better than most North American carriers in my opinion. All in all, a positive experience returning to the USA. I'll value professionalism and cleanliness, with friendliness as a bonus, any day before watching the coolest new Hollywood flick.
  London to Taipei during the pandemic. EVA only sells full fare ticket during this period so my tickets cost double of the usual price. However this is totally understandable, and I was able to select my seat once the ticket is booked. Check in at Heathrow was bit chaotic but this was due to the airport organisation to ensure social distance (which in my opinion only creates more queue than distance). EVA has requested some forms to be filled prior to checking in and also Taiwanese government requires online registration so they can monitor each single arriving passenger. The queue to reach check in took around 90 minutes. Once check in was performed it was very smooth to go through security. After security the only shops opened were Boots and WH Smith. Boarding was in good order. EVA enforced boarding zones to reduce congestion. Temperature of all passengers were taken and recorded. The crew members were in full PPE (goggles, facial mask, glove and apron) but still welcome passengers with a warm smile. The plane is a 3 year old B777-300 but it was spotless. EVA planes are perhaps the cleanest among all but it's evident that special cleaning had been implemented during this period. Most of the Taiwanese passenger also wore personal PPE and everyone was wiping their seat/table/screen once onboard. The flight pushed back some 30 minutes behind schedule due to delay on ground service. We were given amenity kits, blanket and a bottle of water while we wait on the ground. We were served two hot meals throughout the flight - one dinner and one breakfast. Both meals were tasty. They also announced few times that food and drink service was altered to meet additional hygiene standard. Toilets on the plane was kept spotless through the journey in a typical EVA fashion. Choices of movie/TV was limited. This has never been the strong point of EVA and perhaps during this tough time for aviation this has been cut back further. However I was still able to find some movie and TV programs to keep me occupied when I wasn't sleepy. The 13 hour flight passed quick and it was a very quiet 13 hours. All passenger wore their mask throughout. The flight landed in Taipei 20 minutes later than schedule but it only took me less than 30 minutes to leave the airport - that included buying a new SIM card, finishing the health screen registration, passing immigration and collecting luggage. The luggage was also disinfected before they reached the belt. It was a fantastic flight - very calm and relaxing despite the various measures enforced. The cleanness of the plane and the strict service procedure was reassuring.
  For weeks, I've been trying to contact EVA Air regarding a refund or rescheduling of four flights between NY and Tokyo in July 2020 because of the COVID-19 travel ban. The refund form on the website returns an error although I put it the valid ticket numbers from the reservation that there on the same website. They removed all email addresses from the contact so that is impossible to contact customer service. Left only phone numbers that, if you call, play a recorded message that they can't take your call. I sent a message on Facebook and they said you have to call us. After I told them the phone number plays a recorded message, they won't reply.
  London to Bangkok . Very comfortable seats with own monitor. Punctual and reliable. Crew are firm(take no nonsense)and polite. Good service. Special meal is not an option in economy. Lots of foreign films to watch. Overall very good airline.
 Los Angeles to Bangkok via Taipei. EVA Air is an excellent airline. I have flown them almost exclusively. Great service, food is decent, and they are highly recommended. However, in this era of COVID, they appear to be using the virus as an excuse for some sort of bridge loan, from their customers. I had to cancel a recent flight to the US, and they tell me it will be fully refunded. Within 90 days! Yes, you heard that right. They are going to keep my money for three months, even though they have agreed to a refund. Is any other airline doing this? I can understand that they are busy. But three months?
  On 03/22/2020 EVA Air cancelled my flight from Bangkok to Seattle via Taipei for 30th march. On 03/27/2020 I submitted the  refund request form on their website and they have not issued me a refund yet.  I have tried calling every  phone number I can find for them however, they just ring and ring and ring. Some of the numbers have automated messages saying they have a high volume of calls right now and then hang up on you. 
  Paris to Taipei. Clean and pleasant cabin despite being very noisy and dry Boeing 777. Comfortable seats worth the extra price for such a long flight. Average food. Biggest disappointment was the service. Smile is there but sincerity is not. This airline has a good hard product that makes the flights OK. But their service is just. Especially considering how cheerful and lovely the people of Taiwan can be.
  I booked my flight on 3/19/2020 for 4/20/2020 from San Francisco to Hong Kong via Taipei. On 03/22/2020, Taiwan announced that they will ban transiting through Taiwan airports to control coronavirus until 4/7/2020. The policy may subject to extend, which means I may not be able to take the plane on 4/20/2020. My visa is going to expire by the end of April. I need to cancel my EVA flight as soon as possible and rebook a direct flight to HKG in March. I cannot wait until April to see if Taiwan will extend the ban policy. However, when I called EVA Air customer service the lady told me that only the flight booked before 3/18/2020 can be fully refunded. In my case, in order to process the refund, I need to wait until Taiwan announces the ban extension, which will probably happen in April. 
  Bangkok to Vienna on 22 March. Ticket Booked, could not check in. No Customer support desk open only Mon - Fri. Could not choose seat even though was in tariff from ticket. Service onboard was okay and staff good. Flight on time. Flight changes random due to coronavirus and little support. And as no more premium economy on route Vienna to BangkokI will be flying with a different Carrier.
  Bangkok to London. Original flight cancelled and got moved to a new flight on 18th March. I was told at Bangkok airport to speak with London on recompense for the extra night, and they used the corona virus excuse for not paying yet, 24 hours later. I guess the saying is true, you pay for what you get.
  Amsterdam to Bangkok in Premium Economy. An excellent flight. The crew were wonderfully friendly. The food was plentiful and really fresh and tasty. I found the seat to be very comfortable with plenty of leg room. If I had any negative comments they would be that announcements need to be clearer and I also thought the meal service was a little rushed. Overall an excellent experience.
  Vienna to Bangkok. We were travelling with my Mom (she's in need of a wheelchair) - Check-in in Vienna was done within 5 minutes, the agent reseated us to the first economy class row which means a lot more room and comfort (especially for an elderly person). Cabin crew was very nice, attentive and supportive right from the beginning. The flight itself was easy going, I was amazed by the amount of cabin crew members because you do not find that onboard of western airlines anymore. Food was above economy standard, the only downside was the entertainment system. It was sufficient but nevertheless limited. Wheelchair service at Bangkok airport was very well organized, the cabin crew informed us right before landing about the available ground staff services. Everything said applied also for the return flight, this time the transfer agent at Bangkok airport changed our seats and so we had again the pleasure of bulkhead seats. This flight was one of the nicest we ever experienced in economy class. Thanks EVA and well done!!
  Taipei to Seoul. Disappointing flight, not busy, but plane is old Hello Kitty plane no hot beverage service or drinks. Just given a bag with cake and water inside. Not really sure why? Cabin crew average. Poor business class offering on this flight.
 This trip to Jakarta makes my 26th trip on EVA Air between Houston and Jakarta. I have looked at other airlines and even at slightly cheaper prices, is just not worth it for me to try someone new. This flight is a late night departure from Houston and to my surprise while waiting to board, I was called to the desk and given an upgrade to Premium Economy on the Houston to Taipei leg of the trip. Boarding as usual done very efficiently following the group numbers. This time I had a window seat, which usually I would never select for this 15.30 hour flight, however, my seatmate was a very nice young man who did not mind having to get up when I needed to move out of my seat. The service as always was excellent, I mean I have yet once to have a bad experience with service with this airline. The flight attendants were just wonderful and so pleasant. I obviously try not to become a pest but those times that I needed to interact with any of them in flight it was just very pleasant. The Premium Economy product is excellent, nice comfortable seat and all the amenities - blanket, pillow, head phone, sandals and toiletries. The IFE product, for me far more than I needed, ample movies and music, games and tv shows. On the music area it has a great feature that you can save lots of music to a play list and then you can listen to it. I listen to classical music while I sleep so I save tons of songs to the play list and listen for hours while sleeping. Food, always excellent, hot and tasty and always more than enough. The bathrooms are always clean and certainly you can see the flight attendants take care of the bathrooms numerous times during flight. All in all a great trip with a great airline.
  Manila to Taipei. Very fast and efficient flight. There's just this air of professionalism from them I felt during the whole flight. Whether it's before the trip or during, it's so efficient that I'm using that word over and over again. Well trained and personable staff. Food was I'd say standard and IFE I don't even recall to really comment. Counter check in was smooth in Taiwan in our return flight but very long in Manila. Very good experience. What this special was we were able to get a very goo price because of a promo so it's probably one of the best value trips I've flown.
  Toronto to Chiang Mai via Taipei. I have flown with a lot of airlines since 1977 and I must say EVA Air is one of the best. Nothing is always 100%, however, EVA makes sure there are no surprises and that you are always informed. Download the app and you are always getting notifications - Online Checkin 48 hrs before, your baggage is loaded, transferred to next flight, gate number etc. They let you know if there is a delay and why and also provided refreshments. Lots of helpful ground and inflight staff. Inflight staff are always around and on their feet. Toilets are cleaned regularly(rare with other airlines I have used). Lots of legroom on the flights I was on. Food was good with options indicated on the menu. If buns are served they are actually soft and you can cut them and spread the soft butter provided. Unlike some other airlines that serve a hockey puck and frozen butter. Attendants are all very polite and helpful. My one complaint would be that they should use someone with good English speaking skills for announcements, on a couple of my flights the announcement was pointless, as it was unintelligible.
  Harbin to Seattle via Taipei. Absolutely brilliant customer service - from check in at Harbin when they were having system difficulties, to arriving very late in Taipei, and not just getting me onto my connecting flight with NO minutes to spare, but ensuring my suitcase also made it. Ground staff in all 3 locations were fantastic and I am so grateful. Thank you for getting me and my luggage home after a very tiring work trip.
  Bangkok to London. This is my 6th flight to Thailand with Eva. I no longer bother with Premium Economy as the Economy class is a very good product. Although the aircraft was over 10 years old it was smart and spotless, everything worked. The food and staff were excellent. Eva was a delight. Spacious, clean, all full service amenities offered down to a toothbrush & toothpaste.  The staff were great which altogether made for a very pleasant 12 hour journey.
  Taipei to Los Angeles. One of the best transpacific business class. Ground staff unloaded my luggage from the cart for me once I stop at the check in counter. Flight attendants were attentive but never made you feel disturbed. They just always showed up at the right time. Excellent wine collection is a plus. Highly recommended.
  Vancouver to Manila via Taipei. Good check in at Vancouver with all lounge passes given at that time. Very well organized staff. Business class passengers get a special room where its quieter than the rest of the lounge. Good selection of food and drink. Boarding smooth and left on time. Upon arrival in Taipei informed my connection will be twelve hours late because of a typhoon. My checkin pieces were a tv and a duffle type of bag. TV was okay but the bag was destroyed and wrapped in plastic to keep contents inside. Showed the EVA rep and was compensated for my loss which saved me trip to the EVA office at a later time. 
  Seattle to Taipei. Excellent experience from start to finish, from ground staff to crew. Food was good with nice portions. My luggage did not make it onto the flight due to a short connection caused by a delay from a previous domestic flight on a different airline. My bags arrived at my doorstep a few hours after I arrived home. Amazing. Best airline in the world as far as I am concerned.
  Paris to Bangkok via Taipei. Overall is quite good except the food. I did not find many meat in EVA air meal. Taste is quite lite. For wifi, there is complimentary  30 MB, but it was quite slow.
  Tokyo to San Francisco via Taipei. EVA needs to understand the oversized baggage limits. I brought my stuff to NRT 2 days prior to flying out, and EVA cleared them. However on the day of the flight they overcharged me, and referenced figures which I could not find.  Cabin Attendants were ok, attentive, and present. IFE was horrible vs ANA, and SQ. BR28 boarded late, due to aircraft not ready for flight. First drink round was a disaster, and passengers, like me got nothing. Had to call for a drink, Head Cabin Attendant came out and served me herself. Meals were good, other drink rounds were good, Cabin Attendants were present. My IFE was a disaster, with an extremely limited selection. Landed at SFO late. Had to approach the 3 EVA ground staff at the Luggage Carousel and was pointed to where to get my luggage. EVA’s ground staff were a disaster, in the air EVA does good.
 Beijing to Taipei. By far EVA Air is the worst airline for on-time arrival and departure. I will never fly this airline again. Terrible isn't even a start. I have never been on a flight that departed on time with this airline. Today, again we are 1.5 hours late while my colleagues are waiting on me for a very important meeting with customers. Hands down the worst.
  Taipei to Shanghai. EVA Air maintained its high standard on this flight. My seat was very comfortable and had a very large amount of legroom even though it was only a 1h 30min flight. My seat was near to the lavatory, thus it was a “bad seat”. However, I faced no problem with the proximity but rather, I enjoyed the seat as the 3-4-3 configuration became 2-4-2 at the end, giving me more space on the aisle. Furthermore, breakfast was great — scrambled egg was delicious. The flight attendants were friendly and helpful as well, giving me drinks I requested for very quickly even though they were very busy. We departed and arrived on time.
  Osaka to Taipei. Everything went very well on the ground, despite a delayed departure due to traffic. The ground crew was friendly, polite and patient. We boarded quickly, the cabin crew seemed less welcoming, with no smile for me. I don’t eat pork for religious reasons. So I asked twice what the menu was and what were the ingredients used. I have been told by the crew that the menu was seafood with noodles. I started to eat my meal when I noticed that some of the meat was definitely not seafood. I called the crew, requiring more information, and was advised the menu contained pork.  A mistake can happen, but what struke me was the insensibility and careless attitude of the cabin crew.  I wanted to share my experience with a crew member when I left the plane, the response I received was a “thank you bye bye”. My first impression of Taiwan has been ruined by this experience. 
 Shanghai Pudong to Taipei Taoyuan. When I found out that the aircraft I was flying on had a 3-4-3 economy class configuration, I was worried. However, after boarding, I realised that my seat, 72H, was the second last row and thus, the seats were in a 2-4-2 configuration. Thus, the aisle space was very wide and the seat was very comfortable. Despite the seat being near to the toilet, this was not much of a problem. Furthermore, legroom was plenty and the seat was wide. The Inflight Entertainment was large and responsive, but offered a limited variety of movies. There was only one seatback pouch and it would have been nice to have additional storage areas like additional pouches for smaller things. Food was served on this 1h 30min flight and it was surprisingly delicious for such a short flight. The cabin crew were friendly and helpful. However upon arrival in Taipei, we waited on the tarmac for 30 mins before finding a gate space for us to park at. Other than that, the overall flight experience was good.
 BR17, SFO-TPE on a 777-300ER. Tickets bought 5 months out, and quite a favorable price. Check in at SFO, was weird. Staff didn’t want to take my oversized luggage, until I suggested they get a bag like ANA, Singapore Airlines, or Asiana. Once they processed my luggage it was fine. TSA/Security the usual disaster, and no one taking charge. Apparently the SFO cleaning crew was on strike 10 Nov, because both EVA flights, SQ, Asiana, and others were delayed for aircraft cleanliness. We were delayed for over 60 mins. Boarding went smoothly. Cabin crew were smiles and polite for 01.00 in the morning. Once we had push backed and airborne the meal service commenced. Dinner was nice with Hagen Daaz. Drink/Cabin service continued throughout the flight. Seat was perfect as I slept like the dead. The lights were activated, and a excellent sign, for waking everyone up for breakfast. Breakfast was yummy. Landed in TPE late, but still made my connection. BR184, TPE-NRT on a 787-900 boarded and took off late due to a aircraft issue. Still landed on time at NRT. Cabin Attendants polite, professional, and all smiles. Handed out immigration documents while still at the gate. Constant drink runs, and a tasty meal. EVA’s 787 seat was comfortable, and I was able to stretch out. EVA ground staff needs to be more professional, and expeditionary like ANA, and Singapore Airlines. Other than that they were superb! I will fly them again!
  Brisbane to London via Taipei. Overall, EVA Air has a good product. The aircraft are clean and modern, food of reasonable standard, and Flight Attendants efficient. As Australians, and hence English speaking, communication was at a minimum with us. Announcements were very difficult for me to hear on all flights. Premium Economy seats were good, but passengers in front reclined seats for full journey, making our seats and activity in flight very uncomfortable. TPEL airport is not customer friendly when you need to transfer, and seems to be focused on Asian passengers. EVA Air scheduled a day layover on return leg from Paris to Taipei, but this was not a easy process for viewing the city, with delays at security. 
  Vancouver to Manila via Taipei. My wife and I called Eva Air Manila office to follow up on our lost luggage. We explained our side about how we lost it and how many luggages we checked in, And this employee the way he replied implied that it’s our fault that we lost our luggage.  As my wife is complaining about it she asked for get his full name, he answered that he can’t give his full name and hung Up! This experience from their Manila office is unacceptable customer service. 
 Seoul to Taipei. The flight experience itself is very correct. However, at arrival in TPE I went to fetch my baggage and noticed that the new cover I bought as a protector for my Rimowa was damaged and I can no longer use it. EVA ground staff said that damage to covers is not compensated. Cannot understand this because it also costs money ($50).  Also when sending an email I get a standard email that they are looking forward for my patronage again. I'll choose to fly other airlines instead. 
  Flew from LHR to BKK return last week on premium economy. Overall a pleasant flight and will definitely recommend it again. Of course it's not as good as their business class but it represents great value. Check in at both Heathrow and Bangkok were super efficient. At Bangkok despite there being multiple flights leaving at the same time to Europe and Taipei, the check in lanes for business and premium economy were empty and the check in process took less than 5 minutes. This is far superior than most of the European business class check in experience (BA/Air France and KLM in particular). Flights took off on time and landed ahead of schedule. The seat itself was very comfortable - I found the seat to be more spacious than those on Cathay Pacific. Service on the outbound flight was efficient and standard but on the way back the crew was very friendly and professional. The plane was clean, food was tasty and the crew walked around the cabin few times offering water and food post main meal. There is never a long queue for the toilet. The big let down with EVA is the limited choice of movie/TV programme. I was lucky I found a Taiwanese TV drama that I wanted to watch otherwise you'd better preload your ipad with Netflix or BBC Iplayer. There was also an incident when we landed in Bangkok. Due to heavy thunder and rain the airport ground service was suspended but no information was given. Had to wait for 2 hours for the luggage to come out. Compared with my last EVA premium economy flight (2 years ago), I personally feel that sadly the service has declined - although it's still above most of the airlines premium economy. The toilets in premium economy on my previous flight was spotless and I think they have reduced the frequency of cleaning. Nevertheless EVA is still a great option to fly to Asia from US/Europe. Their business and premium class products and services are will above the competitors.
  San Francisco to Taipei . Always a great experience with EVA Air. Website, price, food,entertainment, service, check in, luggage, no problems or surprises, 4 times using them. Recommend them.
  Toronto to Taipei via Tokyo. EVA Air was the first Asian carrier I've flown on and my first experience in long-haul business class. From this point I am completely sold on them. The quality of the service and food on both my flights was fantastic. The cabin crew in Business Class are very attentive and quickly are at your seat as soon as your glass or plate is empty with another drink or meal course. As someone who works in the aviation industry I am all too familiar with the intricacies of an airline from front-line to behind-the-scenes. All four of my flights departed on time and when faced with a difficult situation (arriving 35 minutes prior to departure due to an airport-access issue) the ground staff were accommodating and whisked me through security. Surprisingly my baggage also made the flight which was something I was concerned with. If I had to find a negative it would unfortunately be the Plaza Premium lounge EVA Air uses in Toronto. This lounge was extremely basic and the food/drink options were minimal. For an airline who prides themselves on their quality I'd have expected them to opt for a better lounge option. On the other hand, their Infinity Lounge in Taipei was the complete opposite (obviously being that it is at their hub they have more control) with ample food, drink, and comfort options.
 This was my return trip back to the US after 3 weeks in Indonesia and Malaysia. The seat was very comfortable though I did not make use of the sleeping position as it was a day flight and I was not tired. The meal service was impeccable with various options for selection. I selected the filet mignon and it was superb. The service was exceptional and the flight attendant addressed me by name. She was very pleasant and friendly though sometimes I had a little hard time understanding her English. We managed and everything went well. Certainly this would be an awesome seat to fly the 15-hour trip. I was very impressed and more so very grateful for the upgrade. That was such a pleasant surprise. I will soon be returning to Indonesia in a few months and there is no other way to fly there for me but EVA Air.
  Taipei to Houston. This was my home leg on a trip that started in Jakarta. Once landing in Taipei, only had less than one hour to make the transfer to the Houston flight so I was trying to walk as fast as I could. As is always the case our arrival gate was way way down from the transfer area, I thought it was a mile walk. As I approached the transfer area there were two employees of EVA Air announcing the Houston flight and I said I was going there, then they asked my name and I told them and to my surprise they handed me a new boarding pass that upgraded me to Premium Economy on the Taipei Houston flight. I was dumbfounded bue very appreciative of this gesture by EVA Air. I managed the transfer i and arrived at the airplane like 15 minutes before departure. Having tried the premium economy product before, I proceeded to settle on my seat for the long flight home. Shortly after take off we were served our dinner. The PM product has one additional serving of food, akin to an appetizer. All the food served was very good tasty and proper temperature, cold when needed to be cold and hot was needed to be hot. Service was flawless as it always has been for me with EVA. Shortly  after I slept for a while and missed the snack and then proceeded to watch movies and listen to music until landing. The second meal was also on point and I arrived rested and well fed in Houston. All in all this was my 6th trip with EVA and my 24th flight with them in 3 years and I have never been disappointed. I was very appreciative of the upgrades but my experience has always been great with this airline.
 Houston to Taipei. This was my sixth trip to Asia on EVA Air in the last three years. I have friends that have recommended I fly on another airline and I honestly just refused. I have always had excellent experience with EVA Air up to now so why change. I am now a Gold Member of their frequent flyer program so I was able to check in using the Gold line. I was given a pass to the lounge at IAH and also for the Taipei Lounge once I arrived there. I was flying in economy, aisle seat first cabin. As always the seat was comfortable with all the required functions and with the pillow and blanket and earphones. First meal came by and as always excellent service and selection. I proceeded to go to sleep for a few hours and missed the mid flight snack but was awake for the pre landing meal. The flight attendants as always very pleasant and friendly. The bathrooms are always spotless and I know they do make various trips to clean the bathrooms on this 15-hour flight. All in all, it was a very pleasant experience as it has always been the case for me and EVA Air.
  Taipei to New York in June 2019. My family and I are regular flyers with EVA Air, and part of the reason has been its environmental care through its service. Our recent flight experience caused us some concern about the environmental care. One example was the use of plastic floss pick in the utensil bag.
  Seoul to Los Angeles via Taipei. The food is decent, but not perfect. Boeing 777 was very old on both Los Angeles flights. The seats are not very comfortable. All my flights were delayed for from 30 minutes up to more than 1 hour. Hello Kitty Boeing 777 on TPE-LAX was horrible, old and the interior colors are annoying. Plastic forks and knives are not for 5 star airlines. Service on board was good. No slippers or toothbrush were provided on long-haul flights.
 I use EVA frequently for work. Every single month. When the EVA strike was taking place many of my booked flights were cancelled with no compensation or apology. I was not given anything for the trips I had to miss and all complaints to EVA were shut down and ignored. Then when I had to miss a booked flight because of a family emergency I was not allowed to board the return flight I had already booked nor could I get a refund without incurring huge fees, equal to the price of the flight. The whole process is meant to charge you more and force you to book another flight, despite the fact you're already paid for the missed one in full. I arrived at the airport after a long and tiring trip trying to get home and had to book another seat at triple the cost even though I already had a seat booked on the flight. Very very disappointing, as EVA was one of my favourite airlines. Will not be reviewing my membership or flying with them again. Sad they treat loyal members this way, and no effort was made whatsoever from staff to help solve the situation. Just mechanical responses like "sorry for the inconvenience."
  I was a little disappointed. I have flown this route (Taipei to Los Angeles) twice before in the same class and the service was much better and the food was much better. Compared to other 5 star airlines such as Qatar or Singapore, I consider EVA is more of a 4 star airlinee.
  This was the first time that I have taken the nonstop flight between Taipei to Chiang Mai. I have always gone through BKK and up to CNX. The connection with my incoming flight from Vancouver was perfect and instead of arriving at CNX around suppertime, I arrived later in the morning. Once again, the flight crew are incredible, courteous, respectful, communicate well and helpful in any way needed. The food and red wine were great and I certainly was not hungry upon arrival. There is plenty of leg room on the 321 and this is a route that I will most definitely use again between CNX-YVR or CNX-YYZ. I never hesitate to recommend EVA to my friends coming over here from either Canada or the U,.S. The ground crew in Vancouver, where my trip originated are also great and really helpful.
  Vancouver to Taipei. I have flown EVA Airways several times over the last few years between Vancouver and Thailand, via Taipei. EVA is by far the very best airline in providing courtesy, respect, communication, excellent food and comfort. On this past trip I needed assistance being able to connect to the onboard WiFi. One of the flight attendants was extremely helpful in making sure that I could connect and she was great. She might have been the lead flight attendant. The food is incredible and served with class. The flights leave on time or even a bit early once everyone is onboard and they seem to arrive on time or very close to on time. The washrooms are immaculate. I have recommended EVA Airways to friends who have also taken the route from Vancouver to Thailand and come away with praise for this excellent airline! I have also taken the route from Toronto to Thailand and that fight and service is superb also,
 Toronto to Taiwan. Unfortunately, they responded very poorly for their foreign customers during the strike. Not aware of the strike, I purchased the ticket just days before it and only had to find out about the strike in the media when I was in Taiwan. EVA made no attempt to communicate, besides a text that the flight was cancelled 2 days before departure, during the travel peak season of late June. Tried contacting the office and submitted refund request on their website. Received about 20% of what I originally paid for, in my credit card refund. The crews cannot speak English and they communicate poorly with their customers. I would not recommend it, especially if you are a foreigner. Very poor communication.
 Chicago to Taipei. While EVA deserves its reputation as a top airline, my most recent experience with EVA was not my best. During my 6/2019 flight from ORD to TPE, I had to call for a Flight Attendant 3 times for a beverage before an attendant came over. The flight attendants just disappeared after the first meal, that often happens on USA airlines, but I have never experienced that on EVA before. Another note: the plane was just a bit too warm to sleep well. I have requested to lower the temp on other EVA flights and usually, FAs do lower it a bit, but this time, my fault, I just too dispirited to ask, and I will dress more lightly on the return. My TPE to ORD return trip this week was canceled due to the ongoing EVA flight attendant strike that began 6-20-19. After I received email notification my return flight was canceled, I waited in a queue overnight at TPE airport 10 hours trying to rebook, I was #1131 of 1375. I was grateful EVA kept the ticketing desk open all night for those of us who were waiting, however, the six EVA agents stationed in front of the queue doing nothing productive but chatting with each other could have been better utilized at the ticket desk assisting customers to find alternative flights and lessening the waiting time. After 10 hours of waiting, I was assisted and offered different options for my return flight to the US. The agents were mostly helpful but seemed annoyed when I refused their initial offer of return flights with no seat assignment or were a lesser booking class than my original ticket. In the end, EVA agents were able to rebook/reroute me on a return flight with one stop. I will likely continue to fly EVA routes when there is a choice, however, given my experience with EVA this time, when I next book a flight, I will look at all flights options instead of EVA first.
  Tokyo to Toronto via Taipei. I must say this is one of the finest business class I had the pleasure to fly in. Flight attendants on both flights were excellent. Service quick and accommodating. Food was great. The flight attendants all had been extremely polite and always inquiring if they can be of assistance. The In Charge came around and introduces herself to all the business passengers. Plane was extremely clean on both flights. Washroom was obviously was continually cleaned during the flight. I would fly this airline again and would highly recommend EVA air.
  Eva Air has one of the best airline lounges I have used. The quality of the food in their Infinity Lounge in Taoyuan Airport is excellent while the selection is wide. They even serve Haagen Dazs ice cream in their lounge. However, the A330 plane they used for the Taipei-Manila leg was old. The seat was hard and uncomfortable. Moreover, the food that they served on business class was the worst business class meal I've tasted. Eva Air's service may be good but the business class seats on this A330 and the food were bad. 
  San Francisco to Singapore via Taipei. Flying back from a holiday with my wife and a 3y/o daughter. Booked flights via an agency with a confirmed seat (all 3 of us seating next to each other). Expecting that the seats were all set, we were not able to see that the seats they had assigned are not seating next to each other. Upon sitting in the plane, a lady passenger said the seat is assigned to her, good thing she was okay swapping seat. Its just so disappointing that Eva Air knows that a single booking has been made and expecting to have all 3 of us seating next to each other (honest mistake, didnt bother to check the tickets for the seat numbers, expecting that they were all set since the booking made has assigned seats already) but then when you try asking for help from the San Francisco staff to check if we can have all seats together they say the flight is full and the tone is just not close to any customer service conversation. The flight was good, food was warm and delicious. I just found the cabin staff to be hurried and quite brusque.
  Bangkok to London. Flight was delayed by 2 hrs on my outbound flight causing me to miss my connection, delayed by 40 mins on my return. I drank only around 450ml of fluid through the duration of each flight, I was suffering from dehydration by the time we reached Heathrow. I found the cabin staff to be hurried and quite brusque and impatient.
  The flight was fine and I was very pleased with the outgoing flight cause we were served such delicious meals on board. Another passenger and I had discussed this on the waiting lounge for our connecting flight to Tokyo and how happy we were of the delicious meals we got served from Vancouver to Taipei. On the second leg of our flight to Tokyo, again we were served such delicious food. The other female passenger and I agreed again. Unfortunately, on my return to Canada on June 3, 2019, I was quite disappointed with the food.  I left the rest untouched and the appetizer was awful plus the cake tasted like it's from a cheap bakery. Taipei to Vancouver, I picked the pork cutlet. It was terrible and I couldn't eat it.  I asked the stewardess if Eva Air had changed catering service and she said she doesn't know. She told me she'll tell the supervisor but the supervisor never came to see me. It was so disappointing after I had been raving about how delicious the food was from Vancouver to Japan. 
  Bangkok to London on EVA Air's Boeing 777-300ER in Premium Economy. Check in has two dedicated lanes for Premium Economy, so check-in was a quick 5 minutes, the queue for normal economy was huge. On-board the seats have more legroom and recline more, IFE screens are a little bigger, however I found the Movie, TV, Music selection really limited and only watched one movie. No noise cancelling headphones. I found the food was low-grade. The most annoying aspect of the trip is for anyone sitting in the last two rows is the constant noise, light and smell from the toilets, and traffic from the economy section behind was constant. The 777-300ER is a noisy aircraft compared to the A380 and A350 I would normally choose to fly on. 
  Singapore to Vancouver via Taipei. Staff was very attentive and professional in service. Aircraft was clean and properly maintained with aisle access for every passenger. Food was nicely presented with good preparation as per my prerequisite. Comparable to world leader Singapore airline if not better.
  Paris to Taipei. Fantastic experience in Economy Class. Very kind and professional cabin crew who make you comfortable and understand the challenges you face when traveling with very young children. Food was really good, entertainment system was top-notch. The seats were very comfortable and we didn't struggle to sleep during our 12hrs+ flight. Great wifi, not streaming fast but fast enough to browse the web. Arrived on time and luggage were delivered promptly in Taipei. One of the best airlines you can fly with.
  Taipei to Bangkok. I think onboard catering is good. I'm flying with new aircraft version so the seat will be config 3-4-3 so the seat pitch is ok (32 inch) but seat width is to small. Cabin crew is good. Inflight entertainment is okay. EVA air is one of my favourite airlines.
  Seattle to Ho Chi Minh City via Taipei in August 2018. The website is not user-friendly and it was very challenging to find information at the time we purchased tickets (May 2018). We didn’t see the info of extra charge for picking the seats while purchasing tickets. We only found out that we need to pay extra for standard seats after completing payment.  We called customer service with hopes that our mistake would be forgivable by giving us seats without charges. We weren’t satisfied with the solution they provide that we have to wait till 48hrs before departing time to get a free seat or cancel the tickets.
  New York to Bangkok via Taipei. Amazing! Great service and food. Staff was friendly and attentive. Beds were comfortable. Bathroom were clean. I would definitely use this airline again.
  Seattle to Manila via Taipei. They made me move my luggage around so a carry on could weigh 2 kg less.  They ruined my flight, experience, and I will never give them my money again. They have lost a customer.
 San Francisco to Hanoi via Taipei. I'm glad I was able to check out EVA because Cathay disappointed me (review to follow). Check-in was pretty standard. It took a while because the person who checked us in was new. How did I know? Her name bar said "in training". The company decided it would be more fun to have passengers ask her how long she has been in training instead of her name. I think its funny and just a bit irritating when people queue up near the gate door when its not their time to board yet. They block the people whose row numbers have been called. That's not the airline's fault, though. Boarding an international flight seems easier than a domestic one. People move faster and get out of the aisle faster it seems. The flight attendants were super helpful with helping with bags. They were so proactive that there was no last minute struggle for bin space. We had some guy sitting in one of our seats and with a little help translating the ground staff was quick to find his correct seat. He was in the middle seat behind us and tried to take our window. Anyone would have tried to score a window seat in an empty row! The seats had lots of leg room. But I'm short so my opinion shouldn't count. One thing that's tough about being short though. Is sometimes I cant put my feet flat on the ground unless I scoot up in the seat. This made is a little hard to sleep. But I just reclined my seat and curled up on my side and did the best I could. I also had a face to face with my tray table. The food was hit or miss. My first meal was beef. I forget what the beef came with but the other items on the tray were fruit and a green vegetable I didn't like much. The beef was really good though! For breakfast the choices were congee or omelette. Since I'm sick of airplane omelettes. I chose the congee. It was really bland. I ate the yogurt and fruit and was happy. The flight attendants on our leg from SFO to TPE were all so so nice and it makes all the difference. From TPE to HAN it was a different story. Not that the flight attendants were mean but they definitely weren't as approachable as the first leg. It seemed like they just didn't enjoy what they were doing we had a chicken and rice dish for that leg and I really enjoyed it. There was no other option and I was expecting dry chicken but they surprised me. Overall I enjoyed my first experience with EVA very much. It wasn't the best I've ever had but its hard to fly for that many hours.
  Taipei to Phnom Penh. I have flown EVA air many times and gained many reward points with the Infinity MileageLands. I received an email stating they would expire in April, so I booked a flight for March. It seemed good, as it only cost me to pay the airport taxes ($30), other than that the flight cost was covered by the points. Though I received a confirmation code, the bad news was that I was put on a waiting list. Customer service line is really difficult, nearly impossible to get a human on the line at their customer service number 1-800-695-1188. When I finally got a representative to explain what the waiting list meant, I was told, I may be taken off at any time, but probably be notified about up to 1 week leading up to the flight. I waited, but no notifications came. Finally 2 days before the flight, I contacted the Taiwan office and  was told that the flight was sold out and I would not be able to get on the flight, or even buy a ticket for the flight. So, I was left without a flight option for that day. To get a refund of the $30 tax I paid, I would have to pay a $50 cancellation fee.  Their loyalty program does not work or reward at all, only served to make things difficult, cause me to book an extremely higher priced and longer duration flight. I would not recommend EVA as their loyalty program does not treat it's customers well at all.
 Bangkok to London in Premium Economy. Although the incoming flight from Taipei arrived slightly late we boarded on schedule. Seat configuration in Premium Economy is 2-4-2. My wife and I were seated in seats A and C, which gives good space. Cabin crew service was very polite although without the charm of some of the other Asian carriers. The meals served during the flights were good, we had the chicken and rice as the main course, which was tasty. Good selection of recent released films meant the 13 hour flight passed quickly. Although the flight had departed a few minutes late but because of the continuing avoidance of Pakistan Airspace we arrived in London around 25 minutes late. There was a quite a long delay for the luggage. When travelling this route in premium economy the choice is between BA and EVA, but until BA retires the near 20 year old cabins on this particular sector then EVA is the only real choice.
 London Heathrow to Bangkok in Premium Economy. Check in at LHR T2 very quick and easy. Flight was about 20 minutes late due to the late arrival of the incoming flight due to the re-routing caused by airspace issues over Pakistan. This caused a late arrival in BKK and missed connection there but no fault of EVA Air. Seat was comfortable, I am 1.83m but no issue with legroom in premium economy. Cabin crew service was very efficient and the food was quite good, I chose the grilled chicken with noodles and it was quite tasty and moist. Drinks service is quite minimal, with small plastic cups for the wine, but not really an issue. I found the cabin a little cold for this overnight flight although the blankets provided were quite thick but a little small. Overall a good flight.
  Toronto to Brisbane via Taipei. Customer service the best ever. I had issues with my reservation (entirely my fault) and they corrected them for me with NO charge over 1 week after I booked. Then, they helped me with all sorts of logistics and related complex issues. They were patient, very courteous and helped me with each and every need. I cannot say enough about how impressed I am with this airline. I will fly EVA air for business to AU going forward.
  Ho Chi Minh City to San Francisco via Taipei. When my luggage arrived in Ho Chi Minh City it was damaged. After almost one hour of immigration line at SGN, I didn't want to stand in another line to report the damaged luggage so I reported it after one week when I got to SFO on my return leg. They took my complaint at SFO and informed me to email pictures, and a luggage tag once I arrived at my final destination, i.e. DFW, which I did. After some email contact, they never returned my request/inquiry and I was just dropped. I even followed up again for a final resolution but received no response. I asked for an aisle seat from Taiwan to SFO since I need to visit the lavatory often and at Ho Chi Minh City going back to San Francisco, I was confirmed an aisle seat by Eva Air staff. When I entered the cabin  I was sandwiched between passengers even though I had an aisle seat confirmed. I asked the in-cabin personal to please give me an aisle seat and they couldn't accommodate. The in-cabin service was good but to ignore passengers' special requests and damaged luggage are not ok.
  Jakarta to Houston via Taipei. This was my 5th trip in 18 months on Eva Air and as all other times this airlines does not stop to amaze me with their service. My flight from Jakarta to Taipei has always had a tight connection to the Houston flight in Taipei, however, this time our flight leaving Jakarta left and hour and a half late. About one hour before landing, I did mention to the flight attendant that I was concerned about the connection time due to the transfer process in Taipei. I was assured that I had a 40 minute window and should be ok. We landed at 9:40 p.m. then proceeded to a 10 minute hold for waiting for a gate. This turned out to be a 20 minute gate wait, we finally were able to deplane at 10:00. I was impressed because as I was exiting the plane the flight attendant I had spoken to earlier tap me to follow her and she rushed me out the door to a waiting EVA Air employee at the gate, in short order there was a relay of EVA Air employees from one place to the other until I arrive at the Houston flight just about as they were going to close the door. To my amazement, my luggage arrived in Houston with me as well. Short of amazing I really do not know how they did it. EVA Air, tops in customer service.
 Chicago to Ho Chi Minh City via Taipei. I have flown on EVA almost exclusively since 1997 and in all that time it was the first time I had flown on the themed Hello Kitty flight. I didnt care for it at all. The flight was still good but the pillows were not good, the spoons and such were plastic and looked they were for infants, and the plane seemed a bit old. It was all the more evident when we changed planes in Taipei and the other aircraft was much nicer. I plan to continue to fly with EVA but will stay away from the Hello Kitty.
  Fantastic airline with the best customer service ever! I had a problem with my reservation and the EVA AIR ground crew in Chiang Mai airport were so helpful and professional. They took the time to help me, I felt like they really cared about my situation and they solved my problem in less than 10 minutes. Thanks to the Chiang Mai ground team! Plus, the flight was wonderful, the food was very tasty, the cabin crew were more than excellent and the plane was very clean.
  San Francisco to Taipei. We have flown EVA every January the past 8 years. The plane is always cleaning comfortable and the stewardesses are always immaculate and professional. Our recent trip (Jan 9, 2019, BR0027) the cabin crew was exceptional and should be recognized as excellent employees.
  Los Angeles to Kuala Lumpur via Taipei. I always fly with EVA Air when I travel to Los Angeles, because of seat comfort, food selections, accessories provided (blanket, pillow, earphones) and the friendliness of the flight attendants. The seats are so comfortable that I could sleep well during the longer leg of my flights. The servings of the in-flight food and refreshment are generous enough to make me full. Plus, the food tastes reasonably good. Their blanket is big and thick enough to keep me warm throughout the flight. The flight attendants are very attentive to the passengers' needs. One time, I had acid reflux and was feeling really uneasy. The flight attendant gave me lemon soda water to make feel better and constantly checked on me if I felt better until we landed. I came to like EVA Air more when I almost missed my connecting flight today. Our time of departure from LAX was an hour delayed due to air traffic. My connecting flight to KUL was supposed to depart at 7am and boarding gate opens at 6:30. I knew then that I would surely miss my flight to KL when the flight info showed that our ETA in Taipei would be 6:35. I was worried because I missed my flight with another airline once before. Then, our flight from LAX was 1.5 hours delayed. Even though the plane landed 30 mins before the ETD, I was no longer allowed to take my connecting flight and so I just had to fly the next day. But this morning with EVA Air, they waited for me and some other fellow passengers whose first leg of the flight also departed late. I truly appreciate the airline's consideration of such unavoidable circumstances. EVA Air is really worth my money. Keep it up!
  Taipei to San Francisco. This was my first time flying on EVA air in Royal laurel business class class. The flight was awesome. From the Rimowa amenity kit to the comfortable and stylish PJ's. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. The experience was almost on par to when I flew first class with Lufthansa. Really great airline!
  New York to Ho Chi Minh City via Taipei. That was the first time I flew with EVA, and I would like to confirm all the good reviews others had. EVA Royal Laurel class easily exceeded the level provided by many other business classes. First, the airline served Krug Grande Cuvee, which could only be seen on top airlines' first class such as CX or SQ. They provided pajamas,  plus it was one of my preferred pjs that I kept using on subsequent business class flights that did not provide pjs. Catering was superb on both segments. Seats were comfortable, though they were just similar to other airlines' long-haul business class seats (it was amazing that the 3-hour TPE-SGN segment also offered similar seat). Boarding at JFK was a bit chaotic, but that was more a JFK thing. Overall, this is as close to first class as one can find.
  Manila to Taipei flight was average. No In-flight Entertainment on 2hrs 20 mins flight, they should have device streaming. Food was delicious but there were no desserts. Drinks were minimal. However, it was a comfortable flight.
  Taipei to London via Bangkok. Excellent airline. First time flying with EVA and it was the best business class experience I have had. I have flown a lot of airlines in business and EVA outdid them all. Fantastic service from an excellent, caring and attentive crew. Super comfortable reverse herringbone seat, great bedding and pyjamas. Ordered Indian vegetarian meal and it was wonderful! This was a long flight, 18+ hours in total, EVA made the whole experience exceptional - I look forward to flying with them again. Thank you.
  Taipei to Amsterdam via Bangkok. The Business-Class product of EVA Air "Royal Laurel" is a near to perfection product. Food, service and seating are on a very high level and can easily compete with First Class products on the market. Impressive is, how they manage to serve high class gourmet food. I also appreciated the service of the cabin crew. They were incredibly friendly and efficient. The 1-2-1 reversed herringbone allocation of the seats offers a good amount of privacy. Airport services are really good. A welcome lounge service in AMS would have made the experience 100% perfect, unfortunately there is no such service available, but, I would choose EVA Air again for flights towards Asia and recommend them without limitations, especially in the business cabin.
  San Francisco to Bangkok via Taipei. As expected, this was an excellent trip. The seats were comfortable and had good recline which made sleeping possible. The attention by the crew was excellent and they were responsive to passenger needs. The food was tasty and I enjoyed the meals but the presentation was not as good as it might have been. The dishes were a bit tacky and did not match the overall quality standards that were evident in every other aspect of the service. Minor thing, of course. I would rather have tasty food on plastic rather than crummy food on upgraded dishes. The IFE was excellent and provided more than enough options for the duration. It is very hard to fault them in any aspect of the trip. Highly recommend.
  Manila to Taipei. Service is really impressive. I did not expect too much because it was just a very short flight. I was surprised that it was rather full service. Plane used was A321. Despite being a full flight, the cabin was not too cramp. It is good they have toilets in the middle of the plane. There was a decent meal. Blankets were provided. Earphones were provided. I particularly enjoyed the aromatherapy inspired amenities in the toilet, which I would only expect for longer flights. I flew the same route with Philippine Airlines before and noticed a clear difference of service.
  Paris to Jakarta via Taipei. I was very impressed with the service of Eva Air. The food was excellent, seats comfortable in Economy and more legroom in comparison ot other 5* airlines and not to miss a generous 30kg luggage allowance. The flight attendents were always going through to offer water and juices between meals. The toiletes were cleaned on a regular basis throughout the flight. Even before arriving at the destinations the toilets were as clean as at take off. Leaving Jakarta, our seats were changed by EVA as the IFE was not working at our reserved seats. Would not hesitate to use EVA Air again.
 Manila to Amsterdam via Taipei. Customer service and overall experience from the ground staff and the cabin crew are just excellent and way beyond what most legacy carriers offer. Politeness and attentiveness of all EVA Air staff, particularly the ground staff at TPE, is just extraordinary. An amazing and comfortable journey always with EVA Air. Looking forward to fly with them again.
  Los Angeles to Chiang Mai via Taipei. Excellent service from EVA Air counter and gate crew to their onboard staff. EVA Air planes are always clean and this long haul flight across the Pacific provided me with EVA Air's great onboard service. IFE, meals, and smiling crew members are difficult to beat. Once again they met and exceeded my expectations.
  Houston to Jakarta via Taipei. This trip makes my 16th trip on Eva Air, (Houston/Taipei/Jakarta/Taipei/Houston in the last year and a half. This being my 4th trip to Indonesia, I have become more astute in looking at the available airlines to Jakarta from Houston. While the selection is not huge there are enough to offer some level of competition. The comment is due to the fact that I have been able to find cheaper air fare to Jakarta for this trip, I still opted to fly on Eva Air because I know I will be first class service in Economy. I cannot say enough about the level of excellent service in this airline. The seats, the entertainment selection and the food in economy are just tops. The service from the flight attendants, it is just above and beyond any US airline. The flight to Taipei was on a 777-300 and I selected seat 64G, it was an aisle seat very close to the rear bathroom and allowed me to move about the cabin without having to bother anyone. The seat was comfortable with ample leg room and enough seat recline for me to sleep comfortably for several hours. I also prepaid for the WIFI and was able to use my social media accounts without issue. I was not able to find a power outlet under the seat but the entertainment screen had outlets for power for my iphone and it was charged the entired trip. This was another excellent experience in Eva Air to Asia !!
  Taipei to Los Angeles. It was a really good journey. Flight attendants were very attentive. You got champagne as welcome drink and it was really good. The pajama provided on the long haul flight is very comfortable. I'm still wearing it at home. I had duck breast and it was surprisingly good. I'll totally fly with Eva again.
  Taipei to Chiang Mai. Excellent service on an excellent airline. The staff is incredibly patient and fast. Aircraft is clean and I always have an on-time departure and arrival on EVA. This flight is with a single aisle aircraft but the mid-cabin lavatories make it easier.
  Vancouver to Denpasar via Taipei. I have been living in Indonesia for the past two years, and have flown in and out of Indonesia every two months because of the temporary visa.  I arrived, and to my surprise said I was told I was not allowed on the flight unless I had a ticket flying out of Bali. I have always booked my ticket from within Indonesia and never needed or purchased a ticket before entering. Having done this for the past two years, I was quite surprised and very confused. The staff at Vancouver were extremely rude, one of them even said, "how about instead of telling us how it is, you go and buy a ticket!" I was so shocked at how rude she was.  There was no sympathy from these people. I was so angry, but fortunately I kept my cool. I will never fly with them again.
  Taipei to Bangkok. Check-in at a dedicated area, no fast track for security/customs though, but all went very fast. Nice lounge (Infinity), all you need is there. The best part of the flight is the flight attendants, both outbound, and inbound flights, they really are genuinely friendly, going out of their way to make you comfortable. Nice food, wines, and superb service. Many airlines can learn a lot from the way EVA treats their business class passengers!
  Hong Kong to Taipei return. A short get away flying with EVA on business after a 3 year break. This airline still got what it takes to earn the 5 star rating from Skytrax! The ticket was sold at a very competitive for J class, and luckily they deployed their nice 777 (with their lovely Royal Laurel Class fully flat bed), return with the solid A330 2x2x2 angle lie flat seat, both are more than sufficient for such a short flight of 90 minutes. The crew were lovely and proactive, a full hot meal with 2 choices were served, a great wine list and drinks available. In Hong Kong they use the newly renovated United airlines lounge. In their home ground Taipei the Infinity lounge, both were wonderful to spend time in. If they do promotions at low seasons, this is very worth considering.
  Chiang Mai to Los Angeles via Taipei. Excellent service and clean aircraft. Check-in is orderly and my flights were on time. EVA is wonderful. The crews on this and all EVA flights are so well trained and professional.
  Denpasar to Chicago via Taipei. Took care of me the whole trip! Staff is extremely courteous! I felt so good about my choice with EVA AIR. Had a 19 hour layover and they booked me a beautiful hotel with breakfast and arranged transportation. Amazing airline. Very impressed
  Chicago to Manila via Taipei. I arrived at the assigned check-in counter about 45 minutes before it was due to open and I was surprised to see a long line snaking around about 3 lengths long. I couldn't check-in online and I was worried that I couldn't get my desired seat. To my surprise the line moved quite quickly and I was soon up front. The lady at the counter wasn't very polite and seemed to be having a bad day. Luckily I was able to pick up the last window seat which I had wanted. At the boarding gate, we were told that our flight which was due to leave after midnight would be delayed. The group staff kept us constantly informed about the status of our flight. Boarding was done quickly despite the rush of passengers when it commenced. The cabin staff did a great job in serving the passengers needs despite the late departure. The person beside me made quite a few requests during the flight and it was calmly dealt with by the staff. The food I thought was good. A choice of beef or chicken for dinner. While the refreshments served a few hours before landing. The in-flight entertainment had a wide array of programming. Movies from Asia, European and Hollywood. The ear buds given were sufficient but I would have preferred a headset. For whatever reason I could not charge.my phone using their USB Port. I did not bother trying out the Wi-Fi as it was quite expensive. Overall my journey with this airline was a good one highlighted by the good service by the cabin staff.
 Bangkok to San Francisco via Taipei. This is the third time I have flown EVA business class to the US from Thailand in the last year. It just doesn't get any better! I can easily see why they are one of the top five airlines in the world. Everything from check-in, lounge access, in-flight experience, seat comfort, food quality is excellent. The flight attendants are friendly, well trained and make you feel very special during the flight; from making your bed to remembering your choices, incredible service second to none. The individual business class pods (1 x 2 x 1) on the 777's are the best in the industry and I have flown over one million miles. I pre-ordered my dinner selection from an extensive menu. The meal served was on par with any fine restaurant. EVA is always my first choice - highly recommend!
  Seattle to Bangkok via Taipei. We have travelled to Asia every year with various carriers. For the first time after 7-8 year, we flew EVA to Asia this summer. It was a pleasant surprise and we had a much nicer experience from checkin to luggage pickup. To start, the online checkin was without glitches. We were able to find information we needed, for example the number of luggage and the maximum weight of each piece. Checkin was efficient. Ground personnel at both SeaTac and Bangkok was pleasant and professional. We got enough time to use EVA lounge at Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport and were very impressed with the food & drinks. We were able to relax and catch up on the last minute things we had to do before flying out - thanks to the free wi-fi in the lounge! Onboard, we were impressed with the creative safety video which gives a creative touch to the same old content. Although the food was nothing to write home about, we did find the service exceptional. The cabin crew were helpful, friendly and professional. What we particularly like was the fact that they kept the washrooms clean throughout the long flight. We loved the inflight entertainment and the relatively bigger screen monitor although I personally missed the handheld controller which could make playing games much easier than touchscreen. Both ways, our flights were on time. This is very important especially when our flight is 10-12 hours long. The only downside we found was that the seats in our flights from/to North American are narrow and cramped, although we think EVA has bigger leg room than most carriers we had flown to Asia. We are thinking of flying EVA every time from now on and, for extra comfort, in premium economy!
  Los Angeles to Manila via Taipei. Check-in from lax was a breeze as well as my transit through Taipei. I ordered the seafood meal in advance which was a little disappointing though since I felt like the food that I had all throughout the flight were just the same food with somewhat of little variation in sauces. I also like that they place snacks and drinks in the galleys so passengers can just get some in the middle of the flight if they get hungry. I do wish though that they did have a more filling mid-flight snack like sandwiches or what-not. Inflight entertainment was good although not excellent, wishing to have more choices in movies. Flight attendants are courteous but could be better. Overall a pleasant flight!
  San Francisco to Manila via Taipei. The check-in counter at SFO was quite rude, maybe because of misunderstanding during the seat assignment. While it was me who asked her to change seat to window side instead of an aisle seat, she insisted that she assigned us to aisle and middle seat because the window seat is vacant anyway. Instead of answering to me directly, she talked and gave her explanation to my companion instead. The cabin crew service was excellent as they were quick to respond and provide drinks and snacks when I needed these because I could not sleep throughout the flight and was just doing my paperworks and watching movies.
  Toronto to Bali via Taipei. Staff are efficient, courteous, and friendly. All spoke English. Food was amazing - we had breakfast lunch and dinner with a full menu. Seats were amazing.  Strongly recommend. 
  Cabin crew superb are let down by abysmal catering. Row 27 seats don't recline as much as others. No mention at time of booking. These seats are near toilets but problem is compounded by the acceptance of Economy class passengers being allowed into Premium economy cabin to use.
  Kinmen to Taipei Songshan. Domestic flight of Eva Air is operated by its subsidiary UNI air. This was a very short flight but the journey was seamless. Drinks was served and the cabin was really clean and tidy. Staff was really friendly and tidily dressed. The ticket price was slightly higher than other competitors, but you can really feel the differences. Surely will take their flights again.
  Taipei to Vancouver on May 31, 2018. During the 10-hour flight, EVA cabin crew offered top-notch service that has made EVA AIR synonymous with customer satisfaction.  For over 20 years, EVA AIR has been my only choice of airlines when travelling between Canada and Taiwan. As I always say, I have found the best airline, why bother with the rest? On May 31, 2018, EVA AIR did it again, proving one more time that a happy customer is indeed a repeat and loyal customer.
  The lounge at Star lounge at TPE had no TWG tea bags. The salad bar moved to canned peas. On boarding the ground staff were chatting behind the desk and there were no pre-checks in the Zone 1 line. I looked around and noticed that I was the only one around in the Zone 1 line with a Zone 1 status.  When the boarding started, everyone cut the lines and it was chaos. Not the service I had expected. The inflight service was still top notch. The flight amenities in Rimowa bag is unbeatable, personal seat covers and one of the best lay-flat seats in biz class I've flown in. The attendant service and food are five star.
  Manila to Taipei. This is my first time flying with EVA Air, I was so lucky that I got the best price for this short-haul flight. Even though the plane that they've used was a Airbus A321 which is normally used in domestic flights the legroom in the seats are beyond normal. The food is great and the flight attendants are alert to your needs. The best flight that I rode for short-haul international flight.
  This trip from Hong Kong to Toronto was a seamless five star experience. Check-in at HKG terminal one was instantaneous and my suitcase was tagged through to Tampa. The priority security line took perhaps two minutes and immigration was equally quick. The Star Gold lounge closest to our departure gate was the United Club, which was satisfactory. Boarding was disciplined and business class passengers were shown to their seats and greeted by name. We were immediately offered sparkling wine or juice and received the menu and wine list for the short flight to Taipei. The full meal was served on HKG-TPE; I chose the sweet and sour pork, and it was excellent. Once airborne, a good champagne ( DeLamotte Blanc de Blancs ) replaced the sparkling wine. In hindsight, I indulged myself too much in the lounge and on the short flight so that I was not able to really appreciate the headline long-haul flight TPE to YYZ. On that flight, they served Veuve Clicquot La Grande Dame, but I was only able to sample half a glass. I also short circuited the eight course dinner meal and skipped straight to the fruit plate. The flight attendants could not have been more eager to serve and please. They addressed passengers by name throughout the flight and did their best to anticipate any request. The seats on EVA's 777-300's are arranged in a 1-2-1 pattern and are wide and comfortable. However, passengers who choose window seats to enjoy looking out may be disappointed because you are seated a good distance from the window. We departed on-time, arrived 30 minutes early, and my suitcase made the trip unharmed. My principal regret is that I didn't discipline myself to have an appetite for food and drink on the long haul flight.
  My luggage was damaged during the flight and one of the wheels came off. At HKG airport we reported the damage and were offered a new luggage of the same size. Waited almost an hour to see a smaller one brought over. They then asked me to wait for another 20 min so they bring a bigger one over. Our trip started out nicely with business class all the way from Toronto to Hong Kong via Taipei but ended quite disappointingly with luggage damage and a wait time.
  Manila to San Francisco via Taipei. Great Flight, definitely recommend. Spacious leg room for economy Class, good food and clean rest rooms. Just improve on the the Inflight entertainment and everything Will be perfect. Definitely my kind of airline.
  I did not succeed in releasing boarding pass on internet. Ticket was bought in 2017 on Internet. Credit card was immediately charged. Now, at airport, in May 2018, because the airline requested the original credit card. As bank had released a new one, and changed the ultimate 4 digits, my check-in was initially put in hold during 20 minutes. At last, chief appeared and I was compelled to sign a document where I would authorize a new charge. Extremely unpleasant. Plane was 1 hour late. Food was very poor.
  Traveled with my wife and daugther on economy class from Los Angeles to Manila via Taipei. One of their ground crew noticed that my daughter is a special needs child and politely asked if she is so. They then offered to transfer us to another set of seats where we'll be more comfortable (and even said they'll try block off seats for us in the process). We did not request any of this by the way. This trip was our first time as a family to fly EVA Air. Food was on par with other airlines. But the service we received in flight is to be commended. The flight attendant went out of her way to make my daughter as comfortable as possible. She would check on us every so often. She was very friendly, accommodating, and cheerful. She and her purser also did something for us which we appreciated very much (and again, no request was made on our part). We travel by air as a family three to five times a year and this (our LAX-TPE leg) is by far the best service we received from any airline be it business or economy class. Thank you EVA Air, and a special thank you to our flight attendant.
  Taipei to Tokyo Narita. Quick and smiley check-in. Star alliance Gold  lounge only offered cheap options of food and beverages. Aircraft was new and clean, but no individual screen. Flight delay on departure but the arrival was on time. Two meal choices offered  on board.
  My third trip to Indonesia in 10 months and this time I decided to fly Premium Economy. It turns out that the premium economy only applies to the Houston/Taipei leg of the flight and the Taipei/Jakarta was on regular economy. Given that at the time that I bought the ticket, which was about two days before the flight and the fact that the additional cost to upgrade to Premium Economy was minimal, I think it was a good deal. The seat is wider than economy and the meal service a bit upgraded as are the pillows, the blanket and the amenities kit but in all honesty for me if the price difference is big, like double economy, I would not fly it. On this airline the economy product is great and really in my previous two trips I had no complaints on the service whatsoever. On an ongoing basis for me if travelling this airline the only way I would upgrade to premium economy is if the price is right, (and I have seen it as low as $200.00) All in all it was a great experience on a great airline.
  San Francisco to Manila via Taipei. The ground staff was helpful. Particularly in Manila. While that is a different zoo altogether, SFO staff was particularly good. I do have to say that the check in staff in Manila was excellent. The food on all ways was nothing special. I wish they would provide beverage service at the same time. Sometimes, you have to wait for the beverage cart. The seats are comfortable enough for long haul flights. If you can get the exit seats, even better. The crew on all my flights spoke good English; sometimes, the purser is really hard to understand over the PA system. Transit thru Taoyuan International is also a non-issue. Just follow the signs. It can be unnerving if you have a short connection between flights because the second screening lines can be long. I wish they have two or three lines open all the time. Not sure if that’s EVA’s concern. I totally recommended this airline.
  Taipei to Hong Kong, they only provide one cake and one juice for this flight which left me  disappointed. I will choose other airlines to Hong Kong or Macau for my flight.
  New York JFK to Brisbane via Taipei. EVA Air first 16 hour flight of my life. I was lucky enough to get 3 seats to myself and sleep. Also they have mobile service and WiFi on board. That's been a first for my experience. The foods amazing. Pillow, blanket and slippers supplied free. The staff are the best, most courteous and helpful I've ever come across. Toilets are cleaned constantly throughout the flight and include floss picks, ear plugs, eye masks, face moisturiser, and a face mist that makes you feel new again and toothbrushes. Their in flight entertainment is extensive and the leg room is generous. Over the moon with EVA Air! I'll be flying them again where I can. 
  Houston to Jakarta via Taipei. Having flown EVA Air to Jakarta in May and having had such a wonderful experience, I decided to try them once again on the same trip. I had round trip on EVA Air to Jakarta in mid November for two weeks. This time the flight left around 40 minutes past midnight from Houston. The checking in and boarding was a flawless experience. My flight to Taipei was excellent and I experienced no issues whatsoever. I am really a very laid back person and do not bother the attendants unless I have to. During this flight there were a few people around me that made extensive use of the flight attendants and as always they are just very customer service focused and seemed fine with all the passenger issues they had to deal with. As before meal service was excellent as were the choices of meals and the quantity of food in economy. The seat was comfortable and I was able to sleep fine during the flight. The bathrooms, spotless, its actually quite amazing in an airplane with these many people for 16 hours plus.
 This was my first time to Asia in a very long time and the first time flying with EVA Air. My experience started at check-in where the entire process was very professional and fast. Then on to the boarding. EVA Air boards by groups and they have the process very well defined as there was no crowding on to the boarding area because the lines queued pretty far from the gate agent. Once in the airplane the flight attendants all very friendly and efficient to make sure we make it to our assigned seats. This was to be a 16.30 flight to Taipei. I choose an aisle seat so as to have the ease to be able to get up at my convenience without having to bother anyone. The inside of the airplane was very nice and to me seemed spotless. My seat was very comfortable and I was able to sleep about 8 hours without any problems. We were served 2 meals and a snack, the meals offered a Chinese entree and a western entree, I chose the western entree on both meals and the food was excellent and plenty of food. The snack was a sandwich also very tasty. The lavatory that I used several times during the flight was always spotless, I was very impressed in the fact that I did see flight attendants going there during the flight and cleaning it. Very impressive. The service was flawless, the flight attendants service was impeccable and very professional. Upon arriving at Taipei, the transfer process to the next flight was impressive and very well handled. The flight to Jakarta was on a different airliner but the service was just as impressive. My return trip to the US on this airline was also flawless.
 This was my second time flying EVA Air (return flight from Cebu to Vancouver via Taipei). I wrote an earlier review of my Vancouver to Cebu flight. Check-In - Quick and painless. Paid online for window seats through Flight Hub when I bought the return ticket in the fall but that was not honored by EVA. Was told that there is no such paid pre-flight seat selection arrangement between EVA and Flight Hub. Grrr! I griped about that in my previous review. Settled for an aisle seat. The check-in staff were efficient and courteous. Flight to Taipei - The plane was a gleaming A321 with the Hello Kitty livery. I thought that was cool as it added to the festive atmosphere inside the plane that was packed with returning tourists. Meals and IFE were identical to my previous Taipei to Cebu flight. The cabin service was fine but a notch below that of the longer Taipei to Vancouver leg. I suspect EVA uses less experienced flight attendants for the shorter flights within the ASEAN region. Flight to Vancouver - The screening of passengers from the waiting lounge to the actual boarding area one floor down left a sour taste in my mouth. I witnessed how a stern-looking young lady, possibly in her mid 20s, was berating a middle-aged Asian couple for supposedly "not having the right documents" to travel to Canada. A big part of the problem was communication as English was a second language to both parties. How I wished the EVA staff was more professional. Instead of being overbearing and raising her voice in the hope of getting her point across, she should have discreetly pulled the couple aside and then asked another staff, possibly with better communication skills and more empathy than her, to sort the matter with the passengers, who were visibly humiliated in front of so many passengers in the queue. Incidents like this make me really angry. The flight back was excellent. New Boeing 777-300ER. Decent warm meals albeit with minuscule serving of drinks. Five-star IFE. Skilled and attentive flight attendants. (I mentioned in my first review that they needed to hone their soft skills though.) The only negative was the inability of the flight attendants to handle some of the passengers, who were part of a tour group. During boarding, some of them were in near stampede to get available overhead bins as others barked instructions to members of their group. Others were completely oblivious to their invading the personal space of other passengers while lining up for the washroom. I was seated at 69C which was three rows from the last row in the rear. Beware of that aisle seat. It did not have a restful 10-hour flight given the constant flux and occasional chatter of people going to the washrooms. In spite of the negatives some of which were beyond the airline's control, EVA represents a good value for the money. I will fly EVA again given its competitive ticket price.
  Vancouver to Cebu via Taipei. My first time to try EVA, which is unfamiliar to me.  I did an internet search and was pleasantly surprised to know that EVA has a 5-star rating. That set the tenor of my expectation when I flew in early January 2018. Arrived at YVR airport 4 hours prior to my flight and the lineup was already building up at the counter assigned to EVA. I waited only 20 minutes from the time the staff started the check-in process. I paid for window seats when I bought my return ticket from Flight Hub only to be told that EVA does not honour such arrangement with Flight Hub. The staff told me that this was an ongoing problem. (It is incredibly hard dealing with Flight Hub and getting back what I paid for the window seats for the 4 sectors.)  My main carry-on was 7 kg. I thought my smaller bag with my laptop, tablet, chargers, etc. would be okay given what the online baggage guidelines say. Was wrong and asked to transfer some of my stuff to one of my checked-ins, which was below the limit. In fairness to EVA, the staff were very courteous. Boarding was organized and uneventful. The flight was fully booked. The Boeing 777-ER300 was either brand new or newly refitted. I was assigned to a middle seat next (46J) to the emergency exit. Acres of legroom but no overhead bin for my bags. The meals were decent but drinks were consistently served in minuscule volume compared to what I am used to with North American airlines. The washrooms must have been cleaned and restocked at least twice during the 13-hour flight to Taipei.  In-flight entertainment was top notch featuring the latest Hollywood offerings. 5 stars! In-flight service would have given 5 stars too but I cannot. The cabin staff were efficient albeit in a cold manner. They need to beef up their soft skills and learn the art of making passengers feel genuinely welcome.  Smile and say welcome in a way that jives with your non-verbal cues. Gently take the bag of someone who is struggling to find space in the overhead bin instead of brusquely grabbing the bag without saying anything or making eye contact to assure the passenger you are there to help. Transit in Taipei was smooth and quick. We changed to an A321 for the flight to Cebu. The boarding gate was changed the last minute. I had difficulty understanding the instructions over the PA. A few other non-Chinese passengers had the same challenge. I got to Cebu in one piece after a three-hour flight. Thanks to EVA Air. Overall, it was a very good flying experience.
  London to Bangkok. Travelling with 2 passengers with special needs and wouldn’t let us all sit together. Due I’m told by Heathrow ground staff to odd system of spitting cabin seat allocation between Bangkok to Taipei leg and Bangkok to London leg. Extremely disappointing start to holiday. No help from twitter feed and no confidence they’ll fix for return journey. Hence low overall score and value for money. Food and inflight service good. 
 Flew A321 from Taipei to Incheon. Overall a good flight! I received an email before the flight to say that I'd been automatically checked-in, though when I arrived at the airport, I still needed to go to a machine to print my boarding pass, then line up to drop off my bag and answer the question about the contents of my luggage etc. Therefore I really wonder what on earth is the point of auto check-in — it seems pretty much redundant. Plane was clean and comfortable and in good condition. We waited over an hour on the tarmac before taking off from Taipei, seemingly due to heavy traffic at the airport, but the crew gave little information about this, which was a little frustrating. I got a gluten-free meal, which was really tasty - much better than the one on the flight to Taiwan from Korea. The seats were comfortable and spacious enough, although there is no personal entertainment — this is a little disappointing for an otherwise high-quality, full-service airline. Once we finally took off, the crew were friendly and efficient and responded efficiently to my requests for extra drinks. There is some need for the crews, captain included, to improve their English pronunciation ability.
  Flew A321 from Incheon to Kaohsiung. Overall a good flight. I got a gluten-free meal, which, as is mostly the case, was a bit tasteless, but okay. The meal service felt a little more rushed than it need to be. The seat seats were comfortable and spacious enough, although there is no personal entertainment — this is a little disappointing for an otherwise high-quality, full-service airline. The seat-back tables are quite small and slippery, with an ineffective drinks storage spot, also the flight was a bit turbulent, so the crew were only able to hand out tiny amounts of drinks; lest they slide off the tables, I guess. Therefore if you are thirsty you need to keep asking for refills. Plane landed ahead of schedule. Crew were friendly and efficient although there is a lot of room for improvement with English — especially pronunciation.
 Another faultless flight with EVA from Bangkok to London Heathrow. Great staff, friendly and helpful. The seat is one of the best business class products around with comfortable bed, good TV and plenty of storage. Although the food is primarily Asian there are Western options, and more is available to pre-order. After trying numerous other carriers to the Far East I have yet to find one that matches EVA for a consistently good product and service.
 EVA Air is the cheapest premium economy for this journey from London to Bangkok and it seems that myself and a lot of other people booked it thinking that we were getting a bargain on a top 5 airline. What a surprise we had. The seats are good, the boarding was organized, and those were the best points. The food was amazingly rubbish. The main meal was three small pieces of chicken thigh, with a small potion of rice and veg, the breakfast was an omelette with half a sausage! Would it have been a big deal to give us a full sausage each! I have had much better meals on both Thai and Singapore economy, flying the same route. So for the extra £400 on top of the economy fare, I got a small bag with eye mask, toothbrush and paste etc, a slightly wider seat, a crowded cabin and boring meals. And the economy section was less crowded. If economy is less crowded on my return trip, I'll ask to be downgraded from premium to standard economy. I fail to understand why this airline is rated so highly, I found Thai and Singapore to be of much better quality.
  London Heathrow to Bangkok. I fly regularly to SE Asia but hadn't used EVA for some time, preferring instead services and deals with Emirates, Qatar and - occasionally - Thai. However, a great price came up that included a return Bangkok Airways return flight between Bangkok and Samui - and I was really very impressed. The new 1-2-1 herringbone layout in EVA business is a significant improvement and makes the cabin much calmer and more relaxing. It is the crew, however, for which I must reserve the most fulsome praise. On this flight (and indeed on my return) they were utterly delightful - efficient, friendly, attentive and with lovely personalized service. Check-in at Heathrow was effortless, the Air Canada lounge in terminal 2 was lovely and tranquil (I think that had much to do with the late evening departure of my flight) and boarding was equally as easy. The food on EVA is not as good, in my experience, as that of Emirates or Qatar, but the crew seemed to be endlessly on-hand (not disappearing mid-flight as with some carriers) with drinks and the offer of snacks. I'm not a fan of the daylight return flight from Bangkok but, at the right price, I would use EVA again without hesitation.
  Houston to Bangkok via Taipei. An excellent flight overall. Aircraft interior appeared fairly new and was in good condition. The 1x2x1 seat layout offers sufficient privacy. Flight crew gets extra points for keeping the bathrooms clean and tidy throughout the flights. Many airlines simply ignore this very important function. Meals were actually some of the highest quality we have experienced on all 5 star carriers. Only 2 complaints: a) Inferior entertainment offerings, which are the least favorite of all 5 star airlines. EVA definitely needs to improve its entertainment. Very disappointing. Ground service is sloppy and unprofessional. Business class passengers are offered zero boarding benefits. Boarding is just one massive crowd push with little or no direction from ground staff. EVA's boarding in Taipei is the least professional of any 5 Star airline we have flown and it was no better in Bangkok or Houston.
  I heard great things about EVA so I was really excited to fly with them. This was a return flight from Vancouver to Bangkok with a 6 hour layover in Taipei. I was impressed with the menu, which included two options, Asian meal or continental/western meal. Livery was also excellent. While they don't give every passenger in economy slippers, toothbrushes and other amenities, the flight attendants will give you one if you request them. The food was so-so. I thought it was weird that their Asian option included a dinner roll. It would have been nice if they picked an Asian side instead. Inflight entertainment was limited. They have a lot more options for Chinese passengers but if you are not familiar with Chinese movie stars or singers, you are stuck with the weird selection of Western music. The headsets were terrible I could not hear the crew announcements so I switched to my iphone earbuds. I was frustrated with the outbound trip because I picked a seat just behind the engines and this particular plane had really loud engines. Their seat diagram online did not show the location of the wings so I did not realize I picked a seat behind the engines.  The return trip was much better. At the check-in counter, I requested for a different seat once I found out I was sitting behind the engines again! The check in person was very helpful but could not find me a better seat since it's the day of the flight and good seats are gone. Same food and limited options for movies and music. I had high expectations for EVA but I was not impressed.
 Flew EVA Air Incheon - Paris CDG via Taipei Taoyuan, Feb 2018, Business Class. EVA uses Asiana Business lounge in ICN, they have expanded but their lounge is a little overcrowded. Might have had something to do with the holidays. ICN-CDG flight was very comfortable, boarding and seating fast and easy, service very courteous. A little heavy on the Hello Kitty livery but no big deal. Flight was comfortable, a little turbulence but nothing serious. Food choices very good, flight attendants were very accommodating when I wanted to change the meal time. Return flight 7 days later CDG-ICN was also ok, seats comfortable, Wifi service very good over Europe but spotty over the pole. Boarding on final leg very good, overall excellent service with regards to flight attendants, courtesy, food, boarding, seat comfort, IFE could have a bit more variety in music and movies. Would easily fly EVA Air again.
  EVA air is very competitive for the route from Hong Kong to Taipei. I choose EVA is mainly because I want to experience it. The ground service in Hong Kong and infight service are very great. All in all , it deserves a 5 star airline.
 New York JFK to Manila via Taipei. The airline crew is courteous and helpful. Food is delicious and in flight entertainment is good. But seats are uncomfortable, space is narrow. Good value of money and the only airline that provide free shuttle to their passengers which is great help. I will definitely fly with Eva Air again. One thing that I'm not satisfied is that the employee in Manila gave me different seat from Manila to Taipei while I pay window seat for my flight which I didn't notice when he gave me my boarding pass because I'm confident that since I pay for seat selection they will gave me the reserved seat that I choose when I purchased my ticket.
  Hong Kong to Toronto via Taipei. EVA Air has one of the best service! They are ready to help for whatever related problem you have. The staff may not have the best knowledge but they will find out whatever it is needed for the passenger. Had a 15hour flight delay from my flight back to HK from NY. There are no extras given to passengers but they make food vouchers available when needed. There is never a need to argue, they are already doing the best they can before you even ask.
  Paris to Bangkok via Taipei. Good comfy seats in economy, on the way up to Bangkok had the pleasure of having a Hello Kitty plane, friendly cabin crew, food good. The entertainment system could be upgraded lots of old film and music not realy up to date. Otherwise good airline keep in mind Taipei  airport is a busy airport if you don't have lot of time go quickly trough boarding gates again.
  Toronto to Brisbane via Taipei. The flight from Toronto to Taipei was 15h 45m in the air, but I wasn't uncomfortable at all. I'm not excessively tall (180cm), but big enough that I fill in the seat and can use every bit of legroom I can get. On this particular flight, legroom was not an issue for me at all and even the width of the seat was plenty for me. Being a new plane we had the wide(r) touch-screen entertainment system and the selection of movies and television shows was adequate. Even tried out a couple of the games and they were entertaining enough to pass some time. Food was hit-and-miss. On the flight to Toronto they served a pesto chicken pasta that was actually really delicious. Other meals were good or just okay. There was always something on the tray to my liking though. Service was good as well, no issues to report. The best part is that I was comfortable enough to sleep the majority of the 15+ hour flight. Comparatively, the next leg was on a much older plane (also EVA) and the comfort of the seats and the age of the entertainment system certainly fell compared to the flight prior. EVA was the cheapest option I could find for the busiest time of the year and I got my money's worth and more. I will definitely look at them first for my next trip. All rating selections are for my cumulative 4 flights from BNE to YYZ and return.
 This was the second flight segment for my return trip to Vancouver. The shorter BKK to TPE flight was flawless and I was eager to see how the longer, 10 hour, flight would play out. I was not disappointed, in the least! I've never encountered such kind and engaged flight crew members. The boarding process was calm and organized and I was met with a genuine smile at each point. I was shown to my Royal Laurel seat which offered great privacy and comfort. Soon (after the glass of Veuve Clicquot champagne and hot towel on a tray), I was presented with comfortable pajamas, slippers, and a hard shell Rimowa amenity kit. Food and beverage choices were ample and very well presented. My only suggestion would be to expand the IFE range of selections. The highlight for me, however, comes back to the absolutely wonderful cabin crew. The five star rating is truly well deserved!
 First time flying on EVA Air. Flew Kuala Lumpur to Los Angeles via Taipei. Both the B777 and A330 aircrafts were impressive. Clean and comfortable. Connection was seamless in Taipei. Smiling and attentive crew members. Food choices could be improved (eg chicken/beef & chicken/pork combos instead of beef/pork combo). Overall, it was a pleasant journey altogether.
 San Francisco to Kuala Lumpur via Taipei. Their new slimline seats in the Boeing 777 are very narrow and uncomfortable in the row where you can attach a bassinet. Your shoulders and arms will hurt unless you raise the arm rest. They also screwed up and didn't get my wife's seafood meal on one of the legs of the flight. Other than that, pretty good overall.
  San Francisco to Taipei. So far this is the best economy experience on an airline. Paying a bit more for the elite or premium class was definitely worth the $400 extra for the modern seating with noticeable improvements in width, legroom and recline (including a footrest) They also made sure it was a special cabin with check-in, boarding, screen dividers, amenity kits, bottled water, etc.Touchscreens that can be moved to accommodate the recline of the seat in front of you were perfect (but selection to watch was terrible) and staff was the friendliest and most professional for economy. Staff spoke perfect English and came around frequently with service items to ensure comfort including allowing passengers to take 2 snacks, etc. When my neighbor started crying from ear pain on the descent, staff were caring and helpful. Much appreciated was staff also keeping passengers in line-like telling them to sit down when we are 10 minutes from landing! Only downside was the food-main dishes were unappetizing, but I could at least eat the fresh fruit which was ripe, the roll and fresh vegetables.
  Los Angeles to Taipei. Excellent, a true 5-star airline. Service flawless, the cabin was clean and food was awesome. I've flown EVA Air just twice. This time it's a LAX-TPE round trip in its Boeing 777 business class. The seat is a 1-2-1 herringbone configuration that provides individual isle access with good privacy.  The food tasted fresh, presentation was great. After a nice sleep, I got hungry in midflight, so I asked for some instant noodle. I was expecting it in a Styrofoam cup or bowl.  On the return trip, in midflight I asked for some snacks and coffee. Again it was just wonderful Once the meal service was over and the lights went off, little twinkle stars show up on the ceiling. It's a nice touch. My only complaint is the monitor 15.6" size is smaller compared to some airlines. I didn't watch too many movies because I had nice sleep in both trips.
 Excellent, a true 5-star airline. Service was flawless, the cabin was exceptionally clean and food was excellent. I've flown EVA Air just twice. This time it's a Los Angeles - Taipei round trip on its Boeing 777 business class. The seat is a 1-2-1 reverse herringbone configuration that provides individual aisle access with good privacy. The 5-course meal was delivered as if there is a traditional kitchen on board. The food tasted fresh, the presentation was great. But I'm sure too many people are praising their meals, so I'll skip that review. After a nice sleep, I got hungry in midflight, so I asked for some instant noodle. I was expecting it in a Styrofoam cup or bowl. See the picture how it was presented. And it still tasted great! On the return trip, in midflight I asked for some snacks and coffee. Again it was just wonderful. Once the meal service was over and the lights went off, little twinkle stars show up on the ceiling. It's a nice touch. To nitpick, my only complaint is the monitor is kind of old and the 15.6" size is smaller comparing to other airlines' new equipment. But that did not bother me at all. I didn't watch too many movies because I had nice sleep in both trips.
  Houston to Taipei. Fantastic trip. I had really great service provided from the EVA Air IAH (Houston) Airport. I rarely write reviews but I thought I had to make an exception for this time because I was having a disaster in terms of planning and the EVA ground crew helped me not only find all the documentation I needed but made sure I got on the flight in time to make my trip to Taipei. I’ve taken EVA Air a few times and most have gone without any hiccups. This time when I was running late, the IAH team made sure to get me over to the right gate in time by speeding up the processing time and literally walking me there. Will fly with EVA again.
  London to Bangkok return with EVA Air. Right from the start the quality of the staff both in the lounge and the aircraft were first class. On boarding the flight we were welcomed by the crew and were given every assistance with our hand luggage and then assisted into our seats. (5D and 5G). Given a welcome drink and all the seating controls fully explained. Given pyjamas for the night flight. There were 6 crew assigned to our area and all through the flight they were only to happy to help. Food and drink supplied throughout the flight was first class and given when asked for. On the return flight home the crew were also first class. I am 6'2" tall and the seat was great, could fully lie down and sleep throughout the flight and very comfortable. Definitely would recommend this airline if flying to Thailand.
 I was impressed by the airlines efficiency, starting from Houston IAH airport at check-in and further on the airport. They opened the check-in about 4 hours before the flight and in about 20 minutes since arriving at the airport I was up in the lounge, having checked in, passed immigration and security checks. The flight attendants did a very good job during the flights on both legs, it seems they take their job very seriously. Checking the passengers, baggage compartments, emergency exits was done several time by the flight attendants as a matter of safety (more times than I've seen with other airlines). During the flight they wandered around serving refreshment drinks and sandwiches and since I had trouble sleeping, I've seen them a lot. The seats were comfortable in economy on both flights and I was actually expecting worse conditions after reading some reviews before the flight. The seats were indeed suitable, especially since I'm a bit overweight. There was wifi on board both flights however I did not use it. The entertainment system did not have as many choices as on other airlines, but the fact that I did not see any advertising made everything a pleasant experience. The airport in Taipei was a bit crowded, but the lounge was nice, clean, properly supplied and overall the experience was very good.
  Bangkok to Taipei. This was my returning flight with EVA Air. The service on this flight was even better than the incoming flight. The cabin crew introduce their new red wine to me and explain the taste of it.  Also the meal and desert was also really nice. The cabin crew were all really kind and did every details to the best. I would highly recommend to fly with EVA Air.
  Taipei to Bangkok on business class. The meal service was really nice. Also the cabin crew delivered a very nice and professional service. The cabin crew of EVA Air really care about the passengers' needs and feeling. They really stands on passengers' shoes to deliver their fantastic service. The facilities in their 777-300ER was also really nice, big screen with nice IFE system. I am really happy that I take EVA Air's flight.
 Toronto to Taipei. Where to commence this critique of my first experience with Eva Air. Spoiler Alert: Do not even think of using this airline. At the airport they insist on checking the credit card that you used to purchase the ticket initially. Never mind that the ticket was purchased 10 months ago and the credit card may have expired or have been renewed and therefore no longer exists. And why? Oh, it because of potential fraud – so lets get this right – ticket was bought 10 months ago, if there was any fraud involved, it would have been detected by now. Oh and by the way the ticket is in the same name as the credit card holder who paid it 10 months ago. Tried to check in on-line (within 24 hours) – won’t let you. So, a call is placed to reservation hotline (love the word) – no answer – had to hang up after 2 hours waiting for an answer. It's check in time at the airport now. At the counter, they insist on weighing hand luggage! If over 5 kilos, not allowed. So what to do? Answer from the male supervisor – take it home and re-pack! Really? Go home, re-pack and come back even though 3 kilos over the weight? Sign luggage waivers – they make you sign waivers for the luggage – never ever encountered this before Over heard from adjacent counter: Lady had purchased ticket 12 months ago – was told flight was full and she couldn’t get a seat. At the gate, the topic de jour was Filipinos complaining about Eva Air and their handling of their customers. Moral of this story: Travel Eva Air at your peril, unless you want to face humiliation, incredibly poor service and treated like dirt! There are much better alternatives out there.
 London Heathrow to Taipei return via Bangkok. Overall it’s one of the best business class products I have experienced. Check in service in London and Taipei was great. Very efficient and personal, boarding was quick and smooth. The crew worked really hard to cater for needs of the passengers. They were smiley and worked non stop. They walked around the cabin to ask if any more drink/food is needed. Food and drink very high quality of wines (vintage champagne) and food (you can select online in advance) were provided. The menu, drink list, table cloths were  beautifully designed. Amenities: proper duvet, pillow, pyjama and slippers, Rimowa amenity kit and noise cancellation ear phone provided. Seat is herringbone style and very comfortable and has great privacy. Cleanliness: despite not being the brand new airplanes, it was well maintained. Toilets were kept in a good condition Taipei airport – being the home base of EVA, the terminal 2 is over crowded in the departure hall. It was a long queue for security and passport control and there was no designated lane for business class passengers. I used the Infinity lounge at Taipei. It was not very inviting and the selection of drink and food was poor. Very disappointing for a home base lounge. The lounge in Bangkok, on the other way, was very calm and clean. IFE: very limited choice of movie, TV, music. It’s below what other major airlines are offering.
  Flown with EVA Air on this route (London Heathrow to Bangkok) before and it was OK. But this latest sector was I believe a new aircraft with newly designed flimsy seats. I’m average height and build and I just pity any taller travellers or those carrying a few extra pounds. I have never been so uncomfortable on a flight in my life. The seat base was so hard my legs were literally numb 3 or 4 hours into the flight. We had to ask for extra blankets to provide at least a bearable level of padding and so did other passengers around us. Once the seat in front was reclined you could forget getting anything from the bag under your seat. In preparation for our return flight we have bought inflatable cushions. Inflight entertainment is below average, old films and very little else. Cabin service is also average, food was OK and attendants friendly, but a tiny cup full of wine was offered with dinner with a top up if you could catch the offer as it flew past on the trolley. That we could live with, but I don’t recall any soft drinks being offered through the night although there was a tray of drinks in the galley if you could manage to prise yourself out of your tiny seat which wasn’t ever going to be more than once or twice due to the unavoidable disturbance caused to passengers around you. Having said all this, it was the best price at the time of booking but I will not use this airline again. 
 Taipei to Toronto. We flew EVA home from Asia in business class and this was the first time we had used them. Our routing was Taipei to Toronto a 13 hours plus flight. The Boeing 777 aircraft looked super clean and fresh. Even during mid flight the galley area where the lavatory was situated was super spotless and tidy. I loved the business class configuration; it is the best I have used so far. Everything was designed to maximize passenger comfort and space. The details of the seat were well thought out with lots of space and shelves to hold your stuff. The seat was the most comfortable I have experienced for sleep - wider and lie flat surface longer than any other so far. The pillow was plush and large and the blanket thick and warm. PJs and a thin mattress also available if desired. I had no trouble sleeping well on our over night flight, despite lots of turbulence. The food service included dinner and a breakfast just before arrival. I chose Chinese style cuisine for both and they were delicious. Food presentation was excellent. EVA paid attention to little details, for example, chopstick and spoon holders were an elegant touch. The young ladies / FA did amazing job. They worked super hard and served with a smile despite same shift for 14 hours. The amenity kit was placed in a Rimowa silver container - very nice. Two lavatories up front, one bigger than the other with wood floors and hand cloth towels to wash our face and paper cups to brush our teeth, again great attention to customer service. All in all very impressive airline and my best flight to date. Wish I can use EVA all the time.
 Singapore to Toronto via Taipei. My husband and I have been flying EVA Air business class for the past few years. The service is exceptional. I have no complaints about the service but the Hindu vegetarian meals offered are  awful. I would recommend this airline to my friends and family but hope EVA does something about the food.
 Taipei to London via Bangkok with EVA. Excellent staff service, great price. New aircraft and great amenity kits. Flat bed gave me lower back pain - special meal asian vegetarian very average. Very limited collection of good movies. Emirates has set the benchmark. Only 2 hindi movies! - both onward and return flights delayed - average lounges - expensive wifi $24 for 24 hours.
  Houston to Manila with a very tight change in Taipei. Airline is very organized and flight was not a problem. The flight crew was very attentive and when I wasn’t eating wanting to make sure I was happy with the food. In truth, I was exhausted and they gave me extra blankets and pillows to make sure I was comfortable on a 13.5 hour flight from Taipei. While in flight movies are limited and WiFi was spotty, it was a pleasant experience thanks to the flight crew
  Flew Los Angeles to Bangkok via Taipei. I like EVA Air. But, lately after using this airline for 12 years, at least twice per year for trips from Bangkok to Los Angeles and back, they are becoming fabulously stingy with their perks. I used to have gold status, and that was no problem. I occasionally drop down to silver status. Up until now, I have had access to all of the lounges, for the past 12 years. Now, at LAX, they no longer allow access to the lounge. Their excuse is that they do not own the lounge. Well, in reality, they could still allow access. For a fee, or for free, by paying the fee the lounge charges partner airlines. Right? Cheap? yes, one could call it that. Also, they are very fussy with the weight of the carry on bags. All in all, they are a very good airline. But, this lack of customer service is annoying, and they sure know how to make a very good and loyal customer feel unimportant. Flyer beware?
 This is the first time we flew EVA Air from Singapore to Taipei (return). Good expectation as I have read many good reviews about them. Pros: cabin service is generally good. Excellent safety record and great pilot skill on landing. Cons: On both flights, the departure time was delayed. Food was awful - I did not finish the noodles. Online movies very limited. on return trip, the AC was too cold.
  My experience with EVA Air was a fantastic one. I had not heard of the airlines before but it had the quickest route from Seattle to Bangkok and back from Singapore to Seattle, both via Taipei. The ticket price was very reasonable too. The seats for economy were comfortable and wider than some airlines I have travelled with and had a reasonable recline. The food was alright on my flight from Seattle to Bangkok. I had ordered vegetarian food. It was not great but edible. On my way back from Singapore to Seattle I had ordered vegetarian oriental meal which, for me, was not edible. The air stewardesses were very polite and went out of their way when my entertainment system did not work. They moved me to Elite class to fix the issue. The inflight entertainment system was alright. The movies were not many but I still enjoyed watching them. Overall my experience with the airline was great and I would recommend it.
  Taipei to Chicago. Excellent in every way except for their airport lounges. Compared with business class on Lufthansa (recently BOS-MUC), Swiss (BOS-ZRH), UA (EWR-MUC), this is a new standard. Comfortable aircraft, excellent crew and service, superb food quality and presentation. The lounge at ORD is contracted with KLM/Delta, nothing to be proud of. The business lounge in Taipei: as if somebody tried to recreate a scifi ambiance from a 1960's movie, weird and not too inviting. Plenty of space but probably designed by computers, with no consideration for coziness or ambiance , not to mention comfort. Lufthansa Senator or HON lounge in Munich or KLM in Amsterdam, those are pretty high up on my list.
  Seattle to Taipei. EVA Air Boeing 777-300ER is very good aircraft and I feel really comfortable. The cabin crew are friendly. The Elite Class has really nice seats and food and it's a amazing journey. I will choose EVA Air next time.
  Bangkok to New York JFK via Taipei. This is the first time I have flown EVA Air and it was 5 star in all respects. I flew Business Class with a short 55 minute stop-over in Taipei (easy transit between planes), both planes B777-300ER. I have flown over one million miles on Star Alliance, usually business class, and EVA has to rate at the top of the list. Everything from their website, airport check-in, lounge, seat comfort, inflight entertainment system and incredibly great service by the flight attendants was 5 Star. The individual flat bed business class pods were spacious, comfortable and very functional, with the cabin staff preparing your bed for sleep with a mattress cover, comfortable pillow and nice duvet. I pre-ordered one of my inflight meals from the online menu which was very extensive. The rack of lamb was perfectly prepared and restaurant quality. I was able to get an uninterrupted 8 hours of sleep on my 14 hour flight and woke-up well rested upon my arrival in New York. I highly recommend EVA.
 This airline hardly feeds their customers. After the first meal about an hour into a 13 hour flight nothing else was offered. I was starving until 10 hours later. Flight attendants was nowhere to be found. I’m looking at alternatives airlines for my next flight that are not stingy with the food service.
 EVA business class seats on regional flights are 2x2x2 per row. It was an inconvenience while I was taking a window seat. I had to climb over my neighbour to move out of my seat. I felt less privacy than the Boeing 777 aircraft.
  New York to Bangkok via Taipei. Great airline experience. The economy seats were a good size in the 3-3-3 configuration on a Boeing 777 with good entertainment options on the IFE unit. Food was solid and the staff was great. Would fly again; top choice for heading to most Asian countries via Taiwan.
  Ho Chi Minh to Seattle via Taipei. This ground crew went above and beyond to help me in Ho Chi Minh City. My hopper flight was delayed due to thunderstorms and tardiness. I called the ticket counter from Nha Trang, VN and they checked me in and let me know I could still board if within 40 minutes of my flight. My flight (another airline) landed at 0102. We were scheduled to leave at 0150. When I ran up to the ticket counter, I had already been checked in and tickets printed and waiting for me. I had ditched my bag just to make my international flight. They offered to retrieve it out of the domestic terminal. They were very kind and went way above and beyond what was ever expected of them. It was because of the ground crew staff in Ho Chi Minh city that I made my flight with bag in hand that I never dreamed of making. Thank you ground staff.
  Taipei to Hong Kong. The plane is quite new. Although the seat looks thin, it is actually quite comfortable. There are plenty of legroom as well. No personal IFE, no socket but this only a 90 minutes flight. The meal was a sandwich that feels very cheap. The crew is quite friendly and blanket is available upon request. 
  Hong Kong to Taipei. The A321 is a quite a new aircraft. The economy class seat is very spacious, much more spacious then expected, plenty of legroom. The seat is thin but comfortable. The only drawback is lacking of IFE. The only entertainment is a small monitor showing an unknown television programme, but the journey is only around 90 minutes long, so the lack of IFE is not a problem. Meal is included but is very simple, just a small pack of biscuit and a cold pie. It is not attractive at all. Note that this flight parks at a remote slot, so you need to take a bus to get on board, not great.
  I was on vacation and flew back to Toronto with EVA, the service at SGN was great. Onboard the SGN-TPE flight was very comfortable and the IFE was excellent, although I wish they had more K-Pop selections. The lavatories were very clean and the flight attendants were very kind. Connecting to Toronto in Taipei was very easy, connecting was just a few steps away from the gate. The TPE-YYZ flight was as comfortable as the first, and sleeping in economy on EVA is quite fine. The food on both flights was excellent. Overall, flying with EVA is great. I often fly EVA Air when going to SGN because the fares are cheap and the service is excellent.
  This was my first time flying with EVA flying from New York JFK to Hong Kong via Taipei. Everyone whom I asked about EVA had good things to say about it. Its service was very good. Its meals ranged from good to mediocre. (The mediocre meal was served on the Taipei-Hong Kong leg that lasted under two hours, so one could say that a complimentary meal on a short haul flight was better than nothing or even generous). IFE on the New York-Taipei leg was adequate, although I'd have liked to see more recent movies. My seat, however, could have been less uncomfortable had it been able to recline more.
  Hong Kong to Los Angeles via Taipei. The cabin crew members on both segments were very attentive and funny. The seat was very comfortable, especially when turn-down service was provided and an additional cushion was applied to the seat itself. The catering experience was an excellent one. I booked special meal for my TPE-LAX segment and the taste of it was awesome. Despite the fact that EVA Air indicates that Royal Laurel Class is a business class product. The overall experience was a first-class quality experience.
  Vancouver to Ho Chi Minh City via Taipei. I found the leg room in Economy class more cramped than the other long distance carriers that we have flown. The  Vancouver to Taipei return legs were both overnight and we got served twice with meals (which were at least 7 hours apart), no snacks or beverages in between. My daughter missed her first meal and when she woke up all they could offer were crackers. I noticed that most of the raving reviews are from business class or at least elite economy. I guess you will have to pay more to get the better service. Also paid $11 USD for one hour of wifi because I needed to send an urgent email and the wifi was very slow.
  My mom and I recently flew from Taipei to Los Angeles with EVA Air, on Tuesday, August 15th 2017. Flight BR12. Boarding at 19:20. During this flight, everything was impeccable, food was delicious, and the flight attendants were very friendly. However, the one thing that stuck out to me the most was, while my mom and I were going through security, she accidentally left her camera bag at security, and did not realize she left it until we were boarding the plane. We decided to go back to the restaurant we ate at, to see if it was there, and it wasn't. So, we decided to just leave the bag and board our plane, since we were already late. While sprinting to our gate to make it in time, she asked some flight attendants to see if they could help her find it and deliver it to LA, where we would land. And they called back to security, and helped us track our bag, and even had the plane wait 7 minutes. Thank you for helping us track our bag, and for being extremely patient with us.
  Hong Kong to Vienna return via Taipei in June 2017. EVA Air is probably the best Asian airline I've ever flown. Their ground service in Hong Kong and Vienna were impeccable. It was no hassle to check-in my slightly overweight backpack from Vienna to Taipei (I had a one day layover) instead of tagging it all the way to Hong Kong. Also, they know how to handle delays well - my outbound flight from Hong Kong to Taipei was delayed due to bad weather but the EVA Air staff were able to handle the situation by providing refreshments before boarding. Service on board is probably on par with that of a 5-star restaurant or hotel on the ground. No complaints, lots of smiles on the faces of the crew, great attention and care, and a very friendly attitude to the passengers. The food on board all my flights was delicious and I really appreciate their regular hot coffee/tea service on the long-haul sectors of my ticket. Decent movie selection on board as well, and the seats on the 777s were really comfortable for the transcontinental flights. If you're hungry, you can grab a snack from the counter at galleys or ask the cabin crew for help. WiFi was a bit expensive though so I didn't purchase any of their plans. All in all EVA Air was definitely great value for money considering the price I paid for my ticket. Can't wait to fly them again soon!
  Shanghai to San Francisco via Taipei. I generally have a very positive feedback from EVA air flight. I originally purchased an Economy ticket PVG-TPE-SFO and return but due to overbooking and my status with another StarAlliance airline I was twice upgraded to Premium Economy on the short leg between Shanghai and Taipeh. On my way to San Francisco the seats in economy class are small as they configure 10 abreast on the B777 for that flight. The legroom was though good enough for me catching some sleep on the outward journey. On the way back I managed to upgrade to EVA business class via award points and I got a fairly good deal for doing so. The service on that leg was very attentive. The seat was excellent and I managed to get a good sleep on the return flight so I arrived fresh and agile back in Shanghai.
  Houston to Cebu via Taipei. I would like to commend staff for excellent customer service from the time I check-in until I am seated, all the crew are very helpful, friendly, respectful. This is my second time to fly with EVA Air and I will continue to fly thru this airline . My family and friends experienced the same excellent customer service too. 
  Toronto to Hong Kong via Taipei with my family of four. The business lounge was under renovation so we were served at a temporary lounge which was not any impressive. But as soon as we board, the services and the smiling faces of the attendants made up for the bad lounges. Our seats were in the middle with the 1x2x1 arrangement so none of us has window seats which would be what I will travel in the future. We were handed a small Rimova amenity kit full of things that we would need on the air. Pyjamas given to each passenger and it was very comfortable. Dinner was excellent with very good French wine. Snacks choices were instant noodles, Singapore noodles or hamburger. I have scrambled eggs for breakfast. The washroom was clean after every use. I love their facial mist. Flight attendants checked me out constantly. A nice touch was they offer to make the bed for us. They use some kind of quilt sheet to make it more comfortable to sleep. the headset provided was a very good quality one. It was good to wear for a long time. I will fly Eva in a heart beat. Both legs were perfectly on time. I was also impressed with check in area. It was fast and efficient. During connection, we used the lounge by Eva Air, and was able to use the shower and it was equipped with all the necessary toiletries.
  Bangkok to London. What a revelation this airline was on my trip last week! Having used British Airways and Thai Airways for my flights to UK and back, I was persuaded by my travel agent to try EVA business class, and I will be back. Fabulous lounge at BKK airport that is so much better than Thai Airways offers. Boeing 777 seats in 1x2x1 layout and very comfortable - better than the others. Food was really nice, fabulous pork dish that was memorable. Crew service was impeccable and I now understand why this is a 5 star airline. Great airline, great service.
  Amsterdam to Manila via Bangkok / Taipei. My first trip outside the Philippines was memorable and awesome due to the extreme comfort I received from using EVA Air as my airline. The food was remarkable for my pre-order meals. The in-flight entertainment is up to date and it allowed to catch up on the movies that I missed in cinemas. The crew, both on the ground and in flight are attentive to the needs of the passengers. I am quite fascinated that the check-in crew because they also ensured that I would not encounter any conflict during my return flight by inspecting if my visa is valid and counterchecked it with management and immigration. It was a smooth trip, even if I had long transits in Bangkok and Taipei, which allowed me to have additional trips. EVA Air is indeed a 5 star airline. I can't wait to find another good deal for my trip to London this coming August.
  Taipei Taoyuan airport has Hello Kitty e-check in counter, it's very cute. A delay for more than one hour, ground staff offers cookies and drinks (apple juice or water). Boeing 777-300 seats are comfortable for Premium Economy class. The flight is very short but offers a cake and cup of tea/coffee. Eva Air is worth 5 star rating.
  Vancouver to Taipei. EVA's excellent service starts at check-in. At 4 hours prior to departure there was a huge mob of people with tons of luggage already lined up. Hoping to get an exit row seat, I asked the agent at the beginning of the line about this possibility. He asked me if I had checked in on-line yet. I said that I tried but I wasn't successful. He asked me to try again, and then head directly to the online check-in bag drop to change the seat. This worked exactly as promised! At the gate area, EVA had free coffee & tea ready for those who wanted it. They boarded a full 747-400 30 minutes prior to departure. The young female flight attendants were very friendly. EVA's seats are really comfortable. The food is excellent. They had fish curry with steamed rice and hot rolls. I actually slept on this plane which is a rarity. The plane's washrooms were very clean and had Escents products. The breakfast was really good too. Highly recommended. Made a 12 hour flight seem half that!
  Amsterdam to Bangkok return in June 2017 with EVA Air. Both were really great flights. In my opinion it's one of the best airlines for flying long haul in economy with plenty of legroom, 9 abreast in economy, foolproof IFE and good, professional and reliable service on the ground and in the air.
 Before this trip from San Francisco to Cebu via Taipei, the last time my wife and I took EVA Air was in the early 1990's. I must say the airline has improved quite a bit from then. Cabin crew are very meticulous in providing good service to passengers. Inflight entertainment was ok although I wish there are more movie selections especially hollywood released films. Toilets are fine and are checked often by the cabin crews. Wifi connection is very poor and I was not able to connect even though my credit card was charged for the connection. Seats are ok too although for someone tall like me leg room is not as comfortable however I asked the flight attendant if I can be moved to the door exit seats which was empty at that time and she was fine with me doing that. Overall I am pleased with this flight experience.
 This was a rather pleasant flight from Los Angeles to Taipei on EVA Air. The service on EVA Air is always amazing, and this flight was no exception. The flight attendants were all friendly and attentive. The entertainment was pretty normal for a long haul. The seats were okay and the aircraft was very clean. We were on a new Boeing 777-300ER so it was super clean. The first meal was good, but the second meal tasted awful. (EVA air's catering is its weak spot). Overall, this was a pleasant experience and I will fly with EVA Air again.
 Toronto to Bangkok via Taipei. The Toronto to Taipei flight was superb; super clean aircraft, pleasant and attentive FAs, good and tasty food, always clean bathrooms. Taipei to Bangkok leg had no Premium Economy and was less pleasant. The aircraft was older too, and not the cleanest and the plane crowded. Otherwise it was ok. Bangkok to Taipei on return was similar to Taipei to Bangkok but I was annoyed that the pre-booked Economy window seat had been given to someone else and I was put in a seat in the dreaded centre area (2-4-2 configuration). The Taipei to Toronto flight was very good but it was crowded in Elite Class so was less pleasant than Toronto to Taipei. This is a good airline overall and I will definitely choose EVA Air again.
  Taipei Songshan to Tokyo Haneda on board A330 Hello Kitty livery. Cute interior and music. Even toilet papers are Hello Kitty-related. Delicious in-flight fruit meal (requested beforehand). Cabin super clean with well-behaved passengers. All in all, a very pleasant economy class experience.
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Taipei. I couldn't have been happier with EVA Air! We booked through a tour company, I had never heard of EVA air before this trip. The food was fantastic! The flight attendants were consistently hustling up and down the aircraft. Their English was outstanding. The plane was clean, the seats were comfortable. I will definitely be flying with EVA Air again.
  Singapore to Taipei. The flight was in good condition. Flight attendants were generally attentive although more smile will be good. The one who attended to me was not that friendly. Flight entertainment was limited.  Food was okay although I expected more. Generally quite a decent flight both ways. Leg room is quite standard. Toilets are clean. Inflight Wifi is not free. 
  Singapore to Taipei. Fantastic Airline. Clean aircraft, comfortable seats, nice touch with Hello Kitty theme, service was impeccable with professional attitude always with a smile. They use the Singapore Airlines lounges in Singapore which are great. Food quality and presentation is excellent.


  New York JFK to Kuala Lumpur via Taipei. Well deserved qualification. The staff, the aircraft, the quality and presentation of food and beverages really make this airline a 5 star. The lounge in Taipei is a great complement. The staff training is excellent, they are always willing to serve with a smile.
  New York to Taipei. There were no major problems, but one stewardesses was a bit snippy with me, telling me to fasten my seatbelt when it was fastened and bring my seat forward. No apology when I corrected her. The food was mediocre. The stewardess English was not very good and I had difficulty understanding when they spoke to me. Overall, the flight was a good experience given the length of the trip. 


  Ho Chi MInh City to Brisbane via Taipei. Check in slow, lounge okay in SGN. Flight to Taipei was better than the one to Brisbane. Food was OK wine very good, crew attentive. Fully flat beds but didn't use them on this afternoon flight. Infinity lounge at TPE was very crowded and adequate re offerings but nothing special. Brisbane flight overnight and not flat beds so sleep was not wonderful. Crew again top notch, food bland and in large quantities, wine list the same as earlier flight. Asked for champagne with breakfast they had run out and was offered a white wine which I declined. Bags off very fast only waited two minutes at the carousel. Very dedicated crew made both flights comfortable however food was hit and miss.
 On my first flight from Manila to Taipei the agent at the counter in Manila was kind enough to upgrade me to premium economy at no cost. During my second flight from Manila to New York JFK I was in the regular economy cabin. Being this my first experience with EVA I was not sure what to expect but I booked because their 5 star rating here. During my first flight (Manila to Taipei - 2hrs) I received a hot meal (rice, meat, and vegetables), fresh fruit, a hot roll with butter, cake, wine, juice and water. No US carrier provides a meal like that on a two hour flight unless you are in business class or above. During my second flight (Manila to NYC - 14hrs) I received two hot meals (rice, meat, shrimp, vegetables, and pasta) fresh fruit, hot rolls with butter, dessert, wine, juice, water, snacks and 2 ham and cheese sandwiches. That is what I chose from the menu that we had in economy. Yes they hand you a menu with multiple choices and it's also displayed on the interactive screen you have in front of you. Their interactive entertainment choices are decent however for the 14 hour flight a more ample selection of movies would have been nice. The bathrooms in the economy cabin were equipped with amenities like you find in the business cabin bathrooms. Soap, lotion, body mist, facial mist, toothbrush, and sleeping masks were available in the bathrooms. On your chair you found a very nice and comfortable pillow with a blanket plus over the headphones. Next time I fly EVA I will book the premium economy cabin because the seat is extremely comfortable, double patted and a bit wider. (I'm 180lbs. 5'9") plus they separate the cabin with curtains giving you the feeling of a less crowded space. The seat in the regular economy cabin was comfortable however any seat that you spend 14 hours on at some point will become uncomfortable and I found myself having to stand multiple times during the flight. I had an aisle seat. My only observation as constructive feedback would be that even though everyone onboard smiled, happiness must appear to be genuine and that genuine feeling was not properly transmitted by the flight attendants. On the other hand I must say that they worked extremely fast, efficiently, and professional. I flew the Boeing 777-300ER for both flights and I have to say that it was not as quiet as the Boeing 787 and both planes while clean had signs of wear and tear. I definitely recommend EVA Air over any US based airline for the economy traveler.

  Brisbane to Ho Chi Minh City via Taipei. Crew members on both flights were really wonderful, responsive, genuine, good humored and always present in the cabin. We were last to check in so straight to the gate. Once on board felt as if all passengers were treated as special. Food was OK, wine was like first class including La Grande Dame 2006 Champagne. Cabin was old, seats did not go to full bed thus sleep was a little fraught. Transit in TPE brief, went to the lounge for half a drink, the Infinity Lounge looked more like a nightclub, didn't eat anything there seemed to be good variety of food but only wine was a single bottle of red. Next flight seemed to be delayed by connecting passengers, this wasn't explained however also very pleasant despite being "Business" rather that "Royal Laurel". Large quantity of food for such a short flight, again OK but had repeated ingredients so lacked variety - most simply looked reheated and lacked finesse. Arrived about 30 minutes late in SGN but bags off very fast. Given the high standards of service I was really happy with EVA Air and despite the mediocre culinary offerings and dated planes I thought the staff were pretty much as good as any in the sky.

 Taipei to New York JFK with EVA Air. Check-in was easy and the plane left on time. The flight attendants gave us a warm welcome: spotlessly clean plane, comfortable seating, complimentary pillows and blankets. We left on time. I ordered Asian vegetarian meals and they were all very good. Abundant entertainment options. The flight attendants came by often offering water and juice. We arrived early at JFK. Overall, an excellent experience.
  Paris to Taipei. Excellent experience on this first EVA Air flight. Nice ground service, fast and efficient. Access to Star Alliance lounge in Paris, which is nice, cosy and with fine food and beverages. Priority boarding quick. In flight experience was great, starting with a top quality service from attendants. Seat is confortable. Mattress and pajamas are nice touches. Toiletries bag one of the best I ever had. Entertainment could have a larger and better selection of movies. Food excellent, wines good. A remarkable service quality overall that makes me looking forward to my next EVA Air trip. Also fly return, with same if not better experience, so consistency another plus from EVA Air.
  Taipei to Manila. From check-in to deplaning everything was super smooth. Taipei airport is very functional and well designed, ground staff is both impeccably polite and most diligent, also excellent, fast boarding procedure. Plane very new and clean, featuring warm, welcoming design and comfortable seats. Good was excellent for economy and the flight duration (limited drink selection though), crew through the roof in terms of kindness and will to make the passenger feel taken care of. So glad to see there are still actual airlines doing business out there. Anytime again, for sure. Keep it up!
  Flew EVA Air from Heathrow to Bangkok. Fantastic. Departed on time, they were organised with boarding etc. Plenty of legroom (in economy), pillows and blankets, friendly cabin crew. Free eye masks, toothbrushes and toothpaste in the loo which was a nice surprise as well. Food was nice with a choice of options. Will definitely fly with EVA again.


  We travel to Bangkok frequently and wherever possible try and use Eva Air's premium economy service. Usually it is available at very competitive rates. My wife and I returned form Bangkok to London last Monday, 20th March and, for the price charged, it is difficult to see how the service could be improved. The seating was the older premium economy version which seems much more comfortable than the newer version which does not provide sufficient support for the thigh area. The food was economy standard but was served quickly and efficiently and was of good quality. The drinks service was also good with a reasonable selection of soft and alcoholic options available. Bottles of water were provided and the cabin crew frequently came through the cabin offering refills. The lavatories were kept clean and provided a small but welcome range of toiletries such as ear plugs and toothbrushes. Above all, the cabin crew, who were mainly Thai, were helpful and charming and gave the impression they were pleased to help ones journey comfortable. The flight was on time and we have found that normally to be the case with this EVA Air route It is always easy to pick holes in a particular product or service but the value for money this airline offers is exceptional. They deserve their high Skytrax rating.
  I traveled from London Heathrow to Bangkok return with EVA Air. This is the first time we have traveled with EVA Air in premium economy. I have to say they are one of the best airlines we have used - way better than British Airways. From check in everything was smooth. In flight entertainment, seat comfort, food and cleanliness are very good. Flight crew extremely proficient and friendly and nothing was too much for them. I did not use wifi on the flight so unable to give a view. Thank you EVA Air
  Los Angeles to Taipei. I fly on EVA Air quite frequently. The level of service has always been good and consistent, the aircrafts have always been clean and comfortable, and it's ground staff are usually helpful and courteous, most of the time. At LAX, I am not sure if they outsourced the check in counter service to someone else (they wear different colours and type of uniform from the regular green EVA Air uniform), but the level and quality of service have been inconsistent, ranging from very friendly and personal, to the occasional rude. For service in the air, the aircaraft is good and clean, everything without problems, but the amenities and decor are outdated and would help with some updates. The worst part about flying with EVA, which was reaffirmed by this flight, is its food service. It is bland, it is boring.
  Bangkok to New York via Taipei. This was my first time traveling to Asia or using an Asian airline. This was by far one of the best airlines I've ever flown. The aircraft were so clean, and the hospitality on the flight was amazing. We had two meals, 3 snacks and endless beverages. The seats in economy weren't the most spacious I've had but it was perfect for me, and the seats are comfortable and the touch screen tv is great for a 16 hour flight. I will be flying with them again for sure.


  Flew from London Heathrow to Bangkok Suvarnabhumi on 24th February 2017. The flight times of EVA air meant I could depart on a Friday night so this was preferred over other direct flights to Bangkok. The flying experience in Economy was excellent, the seats were very comfortable and the armrest went all the way up.  Excellent IFE, large clear screens, the latest release movie selections were some which are currently at screening at the cinema. Food was of a very high quality. The staff were extremely helpful. Although no amenity kit was provided, in the washrooms there were plentiful toothbrush packs, ear plugs and eye shades for the passengers to pick as they pleased. I genuinely have nothing negative to say from the flying experience and look forward to my next opportunity to fly with EVA air.
  Toronto to Taipei with EVA Air. The comfort of the Business Class cabin and quality of onboard service made this very long flight (15 hours) acceptable and pleasant. The lie-flat seats are very comfortable, pillow, mattress and pajama are supplied so that a good sleep is possible. Another advantage is that the cabin is divided in two smaller sections, thus limiting circulation and noise. Excellent, attentive service and good food (an exception: I chose the steak which was overcooked and tasteless) for dinner and breakfast. Acceptable selection of wines for dinner. I did not use the entertainment system except for the flight information, maps section which I found interesting and precise. My complaint is the loud, looping music playing before takeoff should be avoided. Concluding, an excellent airline which I would recommend.
 New York JFK to Taipei with EVA Air. A great experience for me. Food was excellent, seats are wide, comfortable enough to stretch my legs, FA is very friendly and very attentive, English speaking. Cocktail drink was excellent. Toilet is very clean. I will fly to this airline again. Always on time.
  Bangkok to London Heathrow. EVA Air is undoubtedly an efficient and well run operation, with pleasant staff at the check-in at BKK through to a tad less pleasant flight attendants. Leg room and seats were more spacious than the average Economy class, though it does look a bit dated. Food was disappointing, though not especially bad. The selection of movies was very mediocre for long haul. Despite everything being perfectly reasonable about the flight, it was one of those horrible flying experiences that left me grasping for sanity. Not really the flight attendants fault, but some particularly poor parenting to the rear of me, saw a toddler terrorize the entire flight by screaming and/or running around the cabin. This was book ended by a newly born infant adding to the cacophony at the front. It really is time to have the option that some airlines offer for long haul, such as Malaysia Airlines, of child free zones, or at very least some kind of quiet zone (or even a family only zone).
  Manila to San Francisco via Taipei. This is the second time I have flown EVA Air from the US to Manila and back. As a disabled passenger I found the airline to be extremely caring in their handling of my needs from checkin to deplane. The flight crew were all very helpful in my care during the flight and the aircraft was clean quiet and on time.

  What excellent flights from New York to Taipei return. I flew out on Christmas Day 2016 and returned on 13 January 2017. This was the first time we took EVA Air and tried out their Elite Class (premium economy). I used to take either premium economy or business with Cathay Pacific. As I was not happy with the service of CX I decided to try EVA Air which received good reviews and offered cheaper tickets. I am so glad I did! The planes were new, which made a lot of difference for air quality on a long-haul flight. The seats were much more comfortable than that of Cathay Pacific Premium Economy. They were wider and could lean back much more. There were plenty of flight attendents who responded to requests promptly and always with a smile. They also kept the toilets clean and well-supplied throughout the long flight. The food choice was excellent, and meals were tasty. The service was top-notch. All attendants were polite and attentive. I had a slight stomach problem when flying back. The nice attendant noticed that I skipped meals. She cared enough to ask me if I was feeling better and would I like a sandwich to bring home. This is the kind of service that wins hearts. Bravo EVA Air. 
  Kuala Lumpur to Toronto via Taipei. I am an EVA Air convert. Seating is comfortable and the service is great. There was a stop overnight stay in Taipei and we were looked after as soon as we arrived. They quickly took us to the airport hotel. As it was a stop for about 24 hours, a day tour was offered but we took the bus to Taipei to see the famous 101 building. Savoured the local delights and bused back to the airport. The airport hotel has good selection for breakfast. Overall it was a great experience and we would definitely fly EVA when we next travel to the east.
  Taipei to Seattle return in Premium Laurel (business class) on a soon-to-be-retired Boeing 747. Business class seats are not as good or private as those found in the 777s. Thoughtful, proactive staff made up for it, as did the food. The biggest drawback was the lounge used in Seattle. They use the British Airways lounge, which was a disappointment. The only food available was instant noodles or some sorry-looking sandwiches. The attendant who was supposed to be serving drinks to lounge guests was busy having a rest in the first class portion of the lounge.
 Chicago ORD to Taipei. My flight to on EVA Air started off well. The staff at check-in were welcoming and helpful. After I went through TSA I realized I had left my cell phone at the counter, and I frantically ran back to the check-in counter and the check-in staff held it for me. I believe ORD to TPE is a new route and the EVA gate staff still has a few things to work out, boarding was a bit chaotic, even though they called by zones, several people pushed past those of us lined up by zone. On the plane, it was a mostly good 15 hour trip. I believe EVA has improved its catering because both my meal choices were terrific — the chicken with rice dinner was delicious and the morning breakfast scrambled eggs and bacon was amazing — it seems to be tough for any airline to do eggs well, but EVA got it right. A plus is that we were served with silverware and that elevated the experience. Unfortunately, throughout the 15 hours the cabin was just too warm. I asked the passenger seated at the aisle near me if he felt warm and he agreed it was hot (and he was wearing shorts). I asked the FA if she was able to lower the temperature a bit, and 20 minutes later, it was not as warm, but the temperature in the cabin never approached comfortable and I could not sleep during the flight. The odd part is I walked back through the Economy section a few times during the flight to stretch my legs and those cabins were so much cooler and almost everyone was asleep. The FA for my section seemed a bit distracted and forgot to bring my drink order even after the person next to me was served drink orders twice. Overall, I feel like this flight experience with the chaotic boarding, and the inconsistent service onboard fell just short of EVA’s usual high standards.
  Bangkok to London in business class and a truly excellent flight. The EVA lounge at BKK airport is fabulous and far, far better than anything Thai Airways offer at this airport (their home airport!). Staff friendly, food great and really nice lounge design and décor. Boarding was quick, cabin staff very friendly and efficient throughout the flight and lived up to 5 star expectations. Lunch served shortly after departure and a light meal before arrival into London, food standards and meal presentation were very good. Definitely choose EVA again on this route as they exceed anything that BA or Thai offer.
  Bangkok to London. Following a disappointed outward trip on EVA Air Elite class (Premium economy), I was pleasantly surprised by the return journey. Check in at Bangkok airport was easy and quick - EVA occupied the whole R row and there was no queue. Boarding 10 minutes behind schedule but it was well organised as they called passengers by zone. The flight itself was around 85% full in Elite class. There was a bottle of water on the seat as well as ear phone and amenity pack and slippers - a typical EVA standard for Elite class. Menu was distributed after boarding. The two cabin crew in charge of the Elite class were probably the most professional crew I've encountered. They were friendly, smiley, efficient and enthusiastic. The Thai and Taiwanese Crew worked well as a team. I even think the service was one step above my favorite SQ. And on this particular flight the deck announcement from the pilot was professional and clear (which is always an issue with EVA). We landed at Heathrow on time. A great flight with EVA overall.
  Flew EVA Air from London to Bangkok on Elite class. This is not my first time using EVA as they are my preferred choice when flying to BKK or Taipei. The online booking is pretty straight forward but I wish they allow passengers to edit their profile and input passport information prior to check in. I checked in online 24 hours before departure and dropped my luggage at Heathrow. There is never a queue for Elite class passengers which is a plus. Boarding was on time. The plane was 8 years old and has just been refurbished - new seats for Elite class as well as new entertainment system. Personally I think the entertainment system is decent - the screen is large with good resolution, but the programme is limited, and the flight map is not interactive.  I prefer the old seat as it felt more comfortable. However the advantage of the new seat is that the chunky entertainment box has now been removed. They have upgraded the amenity pack but it was just the packing that is changed. Service on this flight was the biggest disappointment. The crew serving my area did not smile once - not a typical EVA standard. Food and wine were ok although I sensed some cost cutting this time. The flight was pretty smooth and we landed on time. 
 London to Taipei via Bangkok with EVA Air. I have mixed feelings about this trip; I cannot fault the actual flight itself, because it was genuinely wonderful, but there were some issues with all other parts of the trip. During booking, for example: I only realised that there would be a stopover in Bangkok after I'd paid for the ticket (the flight was advertised as 'direct to Taipei' with no mention of the fact that there would be a 40 min technical stop). Technically correct, yes, but I wish the EVA Air website had made it clearer during booking. It was also very difficult to find out whether or not we would need to change plane. Boarding at Heathrow: my first time at Terminal 2, it seemed rather hectic. I have the EVA Air app on my phone and had my boarding pass on there, but 3 hours before going to the airport, the QR code disappeared from the app, so I needed to do check-in again to obtain a paper boarding pass. No directions were given during the technical stop/transfer in Bangkok - I just followed a couple whom I heard speaking Chinese - needed to go through security again, but otherwise no problems, BKK airport was lovely, free WiFi. Final issue: I somehow managed to earn 0 miles on this trip, even though there was nothing particularly 'saver' about my booking (sometimes the inflexible, cheaper bookings are not given very many air miles, but even then 25% is the minimum I should have expected). The flight itself was lovely - comfortable seat in economy, the food was delicious (we were given a menu, and the alcohol selection was great), cabin crew incredibly polite and friendly, everything (even the bathrooms) very clean, in-flight WiFi (a bit expensive, but works well - it cut out for about 2-3 hours while we were flying over India, though), good entertainment system. I'd fly with them again, but I'm still upset about the mileage issue - this was my longest flight for a long time and I didn't realise I'd get nothing back for it at all.
  Taipei to Vancouver. I have been flying with EVA Air for over 20 years. As a highly satisfied and repeat customer, EVA Air is the airline of my choice whenever I travel between Vancouver and Taipei. Not only has EVA Air met my expectations, it has exceeded them.  I have a trip to Taipei coming up in early 2017; I will be flying EVA Air. Again!  EVA Air’s Skytrax-certified 5-Star status is well deserved. 
  Taipei to Ho Chi Minh City. I had never heard of Eva Air (the national airline of Taiwan) but was very impressed - professional, knowledgeable staff and a good service. The aircraft, IFE and in-flight meal all good standard. The ticket sales staff were helpful and kind. I would fly with them again and recommend them.
  Singapore to Los Angeles via Taipei. This was my first trip Eva air and was told by travel agent it is better than Singapore and Lufthansa and it was true.  The seating 1-2-1 is very spacious and comfortable.  The toilets are great and the hostess were very supportive and took care of carryon bags and helped us. But they need better their english and when I was asked to pronounce my name to address me by name they giggle as if the name is funny.

  Manila to Taipei. Website and booking easy enough to navigate including seat selection. Prices were good and competitive for the route. I was pretty excited to fly EVA Air for the first time as I was hearing and reading about sparkling reviews for the airline, but maybe the excellence is applied only to their long haul product.  Seat width and pitch were acceptable, but no personal TV screens and had to rely on drop down screens for this short, 2 hour flight. Flight crew were robotic with no warmth. Food was passable on the outbound but I did not eat anything on the return flight. As long as the price is right, I'll consider EVA Air.
  Singapore to Taipei. EVA Air's hard business class product is great. I love the reverse herringbone seat layout of 1-2-1 which means that my window seat was angled toward the windows so I could look out with getting a neck ache. The seat is fully flat, highly adjustable, and really enormously comfortable although the footwell area for fully flat is a tad confined and the seat itself is quite narrow. There is quite a lot of storage space but none of it very useful since one is not permitted to stow anything in it for take off and landing, and there is no floor level storage for the carry-on, unlike the Singapore Airlines business class product which allows me to put my quite big carry on in an alcove near my feet. The color scheme is very nice, and the whole finish is excellent. As for the soft product: not so much. The FAs were attentive but their English and Japanese language skills were really limited. They were not proactive when it came to service. I had ordered the main course online and since the appetizer looked great and tasted even better, was looking forward to it, in as much as one can look forward to airline food. When the FA brought my main, it was ghastly. I left my fork standing up in the mess, and you know, the FA came by to refill my wine several times and never once inquired about the main course which sat there the whole time. I could have asked her to take it away and bring something else, but I thought I'd see how long it went on. Nothing happened. After a while she came and took it away and replaced it with a dessert selection which was as good as the appetizer. In my experience on Singapore Airlines and ANA in business, the FA would notice the mess sitting there uneaten and do something about it without being asked.  I'm flying with them again in a few days, so we shall see if  the food is better, and if the FAs see service problems without being told and deal with them.
 Tokyo Narita to Taipei. First time flying Eva Air. I was skeptickal so this helped to have lower expectations. I never have felt attracted to the EVA Air image - it looks old, serious, not fresh, however I was surprised starting at the check in of the friendliness and professionalism of the staff. The flight was on time, the cabin was in good condition, individual entertainment system for a short light, 2 choices of hot meal in a decent size. Super professional and attentive cabin crew. The comfort of the seat was not bad. Shame those sad corporate colours otherwise a very good airline sure above the average.
  Flew EVA Air from Seoul to Kaohsiung. We took off heading to Kaohsiung in the middle of the recent typhoon. Halfway there they announced that the plane would be diverted to Taipei because Kaohsiung airport was closed. We descended into Taipei but the storm was so strong there that we couldn't land. The captain gave announcements to explain what was going on and we eventually flew halfway down the coast and landed smoothly in Taichung. In Taichung the ground staff were friendly and efficient in helping us transfer to buses to complete the journey and they provided some decent snacks and drinks. In terms of their normal service, the planes were modern and clean and the food and drinks on offer were good, except they only offered pork on the first flight, which I can't eat. It could be good if they offered a second option. The service was very good from start to finish. Overall I would definitely recommend this airline and wouldn't hesitate to fly with them again.

  Bangkok to London Heathrow. I was expecting more. The cabin staff were pleasant but disappeared for much of the flight, the inflight entertaiment system is easy to work but the selection of movies was quite limited. The seat lies flat but the area where your feet go is a bit too small and feels a bit cramped. I was disappointed with the level of cleanliness of the cabin. I will choose an alternative carrier next time.

  
For the first time, my wife and I flew with EVA Air from Toronto to Manila via Taipei. Checking in at YVR, there was a long queue but I was relieved to find that there was a separate lane for Premium Economy passengers thus check in didn't take that long. The flight was fully booked, however, the staff who checked us in was able to arrange for my wife and I to be seated next to each other. The flight departed on time, and about and hour and a half later dinner was served. Having flown Premium Economy previously with fellow Star Alliance member carriers Air Canada and Turkish Airlines, I was expecting more from EVA or at least something similar to what AC and TK have. That EVA serves meals to its Premium Economy passengers using plastic utensils was a letdown to begin with. While the meals maybe considered satisfactory, drinks were served in child-sized plastic cups including the wine which for some may be somewhat unappealing. Overall the impression I got was that there was no real difference between Premium Economy and Economy except for the extra leg and shoulder space. Choice of movies wasn't that up to date.


 Vancouver to Taipei. I have flown EVA before and they are a great airline with excellent service. The service that is provided from the check in counter to airport destination is great. The comforts from amenity bag with pyjamas to the quality of food is excellent. The crew was attentive to needs and comfort. I was not sure how my ability to sleep would be on this flight given that the 747 does not have flatbed pods, however the seat reclines sufficiently and with enough adjustments to be comfortable enough for me to have slept 4 hours. I then took the connecting flight from TPE top BKK and again, on the 777 I could not have been more pleased again with EVA's service. This will be an experience to be repeated as soon as I am able. I appreciate their excellent service. I also appreciated being able to make meal selection online prior to check in.
  Toronto to Manila via Taipei. It was my first time taking EVA Air because I would always take Philippine Airlines to go to Manila. I was excited that this was going to be my best flight so far and it actually was. The food was amazing and the seat had a lot space and legroom. I was sitting at seat 56J by the way. The inflight entertainment system was the best part. It had a lot of new movies from 2012-2016. The restroom was clean too. The staff were really helpful and nice. I'm going back to Manila on Dec 2016 and I'm definitely taking EVA air!
  San Francisco to Taipei. Have been flying EVA twice a year from the US to Thailand for the last 4 years, normally elite class. This trip I was the second person to check in at SFO. I reserve my seat selection in advance, a side aisle seat. I checked in and headed to my flight without looking at my boarding pass. When I boarded the plane the stewardess pointed to the middle as my seat and to my surprise they had switched my seat and stuck me in the middle row. Was pretty livid but flight was full nothing to be done. Once I landed sent a message to EVA customer service, received a reply that they would investigate but a month and a half have gone by and no reply. Lesson learned, have to check boarding pass. 
 I discovered EVA Air at the beginning of the year and yesterday flew with them to Bangkok for the third time. Service has been consistently excellent, on the ground and in the air. Living in Geneva, I have to transfer and Amsterdam, from where EVA flies three times a week, is a convenient connection.  In brief: great value for money. Checking in in Amsterdam is a well-run operation, check in counters open three hours in advance. On-line check-in is easy and fast, and then it is just a matter of dropping the bag at the Royal Laurel counter. The Aspire lounge for EVA AIR passengers (shared with a number of airlines) is excellent - and now that renovation at Schiphol is progressing, also better accessible; however, it is quite a distance from the usual EVA Air Gate G5. Boarding is orderly, and after the preliminaries (champagne, amenity kit, cold towel) the plane took off on time. Inflight service is great - staff anticipate your needs, catering quality high level (including the option to choose your meal in advance - which I did, and I enjoyed a delicious lobster thermidor). Strikingly, all cabin staff is female, and they are well trained. Friendly, service oriented and confident. The staff regularly checks for passengers' needs. Flight captains provide useful information. With the great lay out of the cabin, I get a good nights sleep and arrived rested in Bangkok, 40 minutes ahead of schedule. Business class provides a full size toilet where you can easily change into the pyjamas provided. 
  Flew with EVA 4 times in June both economy and Elite class. Always professional and kind service with quite good inflight food! Boeing 777 has a great leg rest for Premium Economy and I wish they had kept it for their new planes. Only disappointment is no PTV's on the brand new A321 to Cambodia and no wifi. 
 London Heathrow to Bangkok with EVA Air. This airline was excellent. The ground staff were excellent and friendly at both airports. The inflight entertainment was more than adequate. The plane itself was immaculate - I can see why this airline has been voted the cleanest in the world. The flight all round as extremely enjoyable and it was an 11 hour flight. The food and beverage were spot on as well.
  I'd heard good reports of EVA Air business class and was pleasantly surprised that the reality exceeded my expectations. Flew from Hong Kong to Los Angeles via Taipei. Transit in TPE, both outbound and inbound were seamless. Exceptionally friendly and professional crew, very comfortable seat, great range of video and audio on the IFE and extremely good food and wine (I’d pre-ordered dinner on the long haul sectors and they were both near restaurant quality). The pyjamas and the Rimowa amenity kit were very nice touches. EVA are very good value for money for business class travel across the Pacific if you don’t mind the short stop in Taipei.
 Los Angeles to Tapei with EVA Air. Unusually for EVA our flight was 30 minutes late taking off and we arrived about 40 minutes late due to congestion at TPE. Ticketing and boarding at LAX was quick and efficient. The flight itself was fine and there was great AC throughout the flight. We noticed several new small amenities - a cool towel to refresh was offered, eye shades, tooth brush and ear plugs were available in the lavatory, which was maintained and fairly clean the entire 14 hour flight. EVA catering seems to be experimenting with the menu and offering updated menu items. I did not care for the tuna snack or the pasta meal, but the chicken roll and fruit tasted fresh. The FA ran out of the beef meal my husband requested by the time she served our row but she made sure he received his first choice for the second meal. We tried the melon and plum liqueur, both were sweet and bracing. Our FAs were kind and attentive, smiling and worked consistently to make the experience more comfortable throughout the flight. Overall, this was our best flight and I am tough to please.
  Even though Taipei to Hong Kong is a vary short flight, the onboard service, was quite good. There was a full meal service, and if you checked-in on line, there is a broad range of alternative meals you can choose if you don't want to take your chances with the standard coach class meal. On the outbound flight I rolled the dice and ended up not eating the curried fish that was served. Today I pre-ordered a fruit plate that was quite satisfactory. The Boeing 777's that EVA uses on some of the TPE-HKG flight are configured in 3 classes: business, premium economy and economy. They only sell two classes, so if you reserve early enough, you can select a premium economy seat at no extra charge. Check in for Star Gold was friendly and efficient, and boarding was disciplined and orderly. There is a large selection of AVOD options, and the seat-back screens are large and clear. This was a pleasant flight experience.
  I recently travelled on EVA Air flight BR0106 'Hello Kitty Jet' between Taipei and Fukuoka. I have been looking forward to travelling on the Hello Kitty Jet for around four years and finally got the chance to board on 14th April 2016 at 08:10am along with my partner.  Upon arrival at the airport, we were handed our boarding passes and my excitement began. Walking to the gate, we thought it was strange that the standard green EVA Air plane was waiting to be boarded, and not the Hello Kitty 'Love Apples' Jet as advertised. I made a query with two EVA Air staff members who informed me that the interior of the plane was Hello Kitty but the exterior was not, as they told me 'the airline choose to switch the jets sometimes'. As you can imagine, we were left disappointed and cheated as we had paid a lot of money to get the full Hello Kitty experience. There are many other airlines that travel this route that are much cheaper at much more convenient times. However, we had booked the Hello Kitty Jet specifically. Boarding the plane, we also noticed that the Hello Kitty interior was very limited and not what is advertised online that we had booked and expected to find. We merely experienced a pillow, seat cover, cutlery and a pack of playing cards. On the Hello Kitty Jet website, there is much more Hello Kitty branded interior advertised. If we had known the jet wouldn't be the same as advertised online then we wouldn't have booked it, due to the high price.
  
Seat 5A in Royal Laurel Class with EVA Air flying from Bangkok to London Heathrow. The new lounge at BKK is excellent and it was not too long a walk to Gate D6 for the flight which was 20 mins late. Pushed back promptly at the revised time and was airborne around 40 mins behind scheduled departure time. I had booked my lunch online where there is a decent and wider selection of options and this worked well. I was asleep when service started but I was left to snooze but after stirring was approached and asked if I now wanted to dine. The cabin staff were quite superb throughout the flight, SQ levels. I struggle to find a better carrier on the LHR-BKK sector.
  Taipei to Istanbul with EVA Air. Check vin at TPE was a breeze. The checkin staff were welcoming, I was very promptly checked in and explained where the lounge is. The crew greeted me onboard and showed me to my seat, assisting with my luggage and stowing it away for me. I was offered a welcome drink, newspapers, pajama set, amenity kit, a beautiful and cute little Rimowa kit with Harnn toiletries, toothbrush and socks. There were also very comfortable slippers. The Business cabin is a 1-2-1 layout, and offers a fully lie-flat bed with great privacy and lots of personal space. There is a large touch-screen AVOD, noise-canceling headphones with hours of movies and audio selection. Shortly after take off came the hors-d'oeuvres, accompanied with a glass of Krug Grandcuvee (Eva is famous for offering good quality bubbly in Business Class). The beefnoodle soup with accompanying condiments, vegetables and scallop was exquisite, and a taste of Taiwan. Bottles of water were offered and left next to the galley. Also available throughout the flight were assorted fruits, snacks (biscuits, chocolates, nuts and dried fruits! I had a great sleep, the crew had told me about the possibility of making a bed if I wanted to sleep, but I did not do this. Shortly after I woke up, a flight attendant asked if I wanted a snack. I ordered a burger, which came with potato wedges. Breakfast was a full meal, and I had ordered traditional Taiwanese congee with a variety of side dishes.  I also recommend their selection of Taiwanese oolong and teas. The washroom was very clean. The toiletries are Harnn. The crew were welcoming, warm and paid attention to detail. The only downside is that there is no wifi, but these appear to be gradually introduced into the long-haul fleet of Eva Air. Otherwise, a great flight experience by an attentive cabin crew, and a very smooth landing at my destination. 
  Ground service was fine before the flight - I asked if it were possible for a seat change from middle to aisle and they were willing to help me do that. In the air service was with a smile and the flight attendants actually listen when you have a request. Flying out from LAX to TPE, the cabin was warm and on the return, this flight from TPE to LAX, was still too warm for my liking during the flight, just a few degrees lower would be great. The premium economy seats make the 12-15 hour flight a much better experience, there is room to move and power outlets at the seats. The big difference from economy to premium are the larger seats with more legroom, a small amenity kit, bottled water, a menu with more choices than economy, and earlier boarding time. One area EVA can improve is the meals/menu. I am not expecting 5 star cuisine, but there is room to grow in meal taste and variety. That said, I do not hesitate to recommend EVA to anyone flying from USA to Taiwan and we will fly them again.
  London Heathrow to Bangkok with EVA Air, and fantastic service again. Been flying with EVA for a while now mainly due to British Airways and Thai having the midnight flight back to LHR, and they always impress. Business class service is excellent as is the cabin design. The crew must be the hardest working in the industry. Airlines such as British Airways and Virgin could learn a thing or two from this airline.
