 The crew were great on both flights, very kind and helpful. Lounge access was great too! The seats were not that comfortable, inflight entertainment system not great, neither was the food. Considering the approx. 50% premium I paid for Premium Economy over the economy fare, I am less than satisfied. On the way back, Japan Airlines mishandled one of my bags in Osaka (not a very busy international airport), and got it a day later.
  I flew back to Tokyo Haneda out of London Heathrow in Business Class on New Year’s Day with JL 42. Unfortunately, it was not until 3 days before that I knew that I had been downgraded to Business from First because of plane change. My new plane was set to have no First Class. The services on board they offered me, however, reversed the unexpected. A chief purser assigned me a seat with next one empty. For dinner I opted for Japanese cuisine. After the first course was completed, I proposed that I should alter for Western cuisine. A flight attendant accepted it without hesitation and willingly served me a beef fillet steak as the main course, the sauce of which tasted a hint of Japanese soy sauce. I was only too happy to find my favorite Japanese sake on the beverage menu, Imanishi, brewed in Sakurai, Nara Prefecture. Also how lucky to discover a very palatable Bordeaux on board! I slept tight on a wide flatbed, which left nothing to be desired, until 2 hours prior to landing. Then I took some refreshments featuring cheese and fruits, naturally along with the Bordeaux. Japan Airlines helps passengers arrive in better shape.
 Japan Airlines is no doubt best airline in the world and deserve a 6 star rating (as it is better than many of the 5 star airlines on Skytrax). The thing standing out is the service of the cabin attendants. They are always very polite, efficient and have a great attention to details (eg when they see bathroom on the other aisle is vacant, they will direct passengers to the empty bathroom). Seat pitch is wide, but the sky wider seat has poor padding. I would say Japan Airlines has built in a lot of service elements based on Asian preference - if you are not an Asian or are more comfortable sticking with the western style (say food or move options, or you are just a fan of alcohol), then you will be disappointed.
   I was able to secure a Business Class ticket for a very good price and it was such a nice journey. Service is top notch which is expected from JAL and the seat was comfortable. My only drawback is the weight policy for the baggage which allows only 20 KG for checked baggage (even for J Class) and as a hardcore shopper, I ended up paying ¥6000 for extra weight. This is not always a good option for me and I would rather fly with ANA to take advantage of their piece policy which allows 2 pieces 23 KG each for economy.
  Airplane crew was nice, and pillow was comfortable. Food was as good as it looks, and the large variety of movies were enough to keep me occupied for the whole trip.
  Great service, the crews were attentive and have been walking around throughout the whole flight to ensure that customers are comfortable and you can call them if you need anything. Good amount of legroom and wide selection of movies, some of which are pretty recent. The crews also keep going back and forth offering drinks and snacks which was cool. Though legroom is good but the width of the seat is a little too narrow. The taste of the food has many room for improvement. Quality of the entrainment screen can be improved as well.
  All announcements were primarily in Japanese and the stewards barely spoke or understood English. They announced two main meal choices. By the time they got to me, only one was available, a curry-based meal. I couldn't bare the thought of eating something like that. There were no other choices and I politely refused.  Later, they came around with a pastry and choice of tea or other drinks. I asked for coffee and had to ask three times for my cup of coffee. And during our breakfast they chose not to retrieve my tray until all other passengers were cared for. Stewards kept passing by and looking at my empty tray, but wouldn't attempt to grab it. I would not recommend this airline.
  A mediocre business class experience both to and from Tokyo. Sky suite III was tight, claustrophobic and uncomfortable. Only 1 meal service for a 10 hour flight, the rest is on demand. I ordered 'western option' for lunch which was beef cooked so rare I couldn't eat it. After 45 mins reheating it hadn't improved. The 'Japanese option' was no longer available. On demand offerings included a stodgy vegetable curry or noodles so I settled for a ham and cheese panini which did not meet my expectation of a business class lunch on a long haul flight. Service was friendly but after meal service crew disappeared though they did respond to passengers ordering drinks etc.  The return flight was just as bad. After 3 1/2 hours into a 10 hour overnight flight the cabin lights were still on because they hadn't finished the meal service. Lights then came on 2 hours before landing which is ridiculous when passengers are trying to sleep. Again, only one meal service with rare beef the western option. There was nothing available vaguely resembling breakfast food to choose before landing at 6.25am and when I asked, I was pointed to lasagna. Last orders anyway are 2 hours before landing so, again, only limited time to sleep. Cabin announcements were inaudible and there was no information from the cockpit. The cabin was kept hot throughout the flight. Boarding at Haneda was by bus and a shambles. There aren't enough buses and the flight was nearly an hour late taking off but no information provided or updates. This was our first time with JAL and it most certainly will be our last. 
  An excellent service and a really great crew. Even after 13 hours of flight, I could have comfortably flown another 10 hours. Many thanks to the very nice stewardesses who read our every wish from our eyes.  Eine ausgezeichneter Service und eine wirklich tolle Crew. Selbst nach 13 Stunden Flug hätte ich bequem weitere 10 Stunden fliegen können. Vielen Dank an die sehr netten Stewardessen, die uns jeden Wunsch von unseren Augen abgelesen haben. 
  2 1/2 hours before departure of JAL flight to Hawaii we realized my wife left her purse on the bullet train. It contained passports as well as iPhone, credit cards, cash and drivers license. With great good fortune, the Shinkansen train staff located the purse and we retrieved it and caught the monorail to Haneda Airport, arriving about 10 inutes prior to fight departure. The gracious ladies at the JAL counter checked us in and guided us through passport control and then through the security line intended for airline flight crews. Then, one of the counter ladies walked us quickly directly to the gate, where we arrived several minutes prior to flight departure. We boarded the plane and began to breathe again. We will be forever grateful to the JAL staff for their help.
 Check in through the app and baggage drop at the airport were easy. The lounge was comfortable with a reasonable spread of food and drink and great views of the runway. Boarding was well organised and the on-board service was friendly and efficient. The food (between us we had the Japanese and vegetarian options) was delicious. The seat was narrow and with limited storage options, but comfortable enough. The flight operated on time and baggage appeared quickly. A good experience.
  Very smooth flights, operated by J-Air. Online check-in and even check-in at the airport using the normal booking reference number were not available (these flights were booked using Qantas points). However, the counter staff at both locations were efficient and found the reservation quickly. The boarding by zones process worked well, and onboard service of drinks was friendly. The seat was a little narrow. The flights operated exactly on time and baggage was quick to appear. Compared to a recent JAL Business Class domestic flight, the service, beverage and check-in process were identical and it's hard to see why one would take JAL Business Class within Japan.
  Although the seats are comfortable and the service is efficient, this is a rather basic domestic Business Class product compared with domestic flights of similar length in other countries. Seating on the Boeing 737 is 3-2 across with old style seating. I was denied access to the domestic Business lounge because I was not a status frequent flyer member. Although this was a lunchtime flight scheduled at 2½ hrs there was no meal service, only a cup of tea. The flight operated on time and luggage was quick to appear. As often happens on JAL, the captain was silent throughout the flight.
  I was charged $200 for my surfboard. Rude customer service and no option to change to an exit row.  Overall a bad experience.
 Bangkok to Tokyo-Narita. I have never seen this type of customer service and hospitality in any airline in my life. Thank you very much for your staff and friendly customer service. This is the best customer service I have ever received from an airline in my life .Throughout of the journey (6 hours and 20 minutes) I Have enjoyed the "Smile of the staff." Superb !! Superb!
  Japan Airlines no longer serve late night snack / porridge as compared to 10 years ago there are no meal options for you onboard unless you pre-book your meal online for dietary needs. Breakfast is decent from Tokyo - Singapore, serving sausage & macaroni 2 before landing. The seats are comfortable but I found lice in the pillow case. In-flight screen is very dated and menu is not user friendly. The service is deteriorated as compared to before.
  Overall pretty nice considering the reasonable price too. Staff and Sakura lounge great. Selection of drinks is very limited. So is the selection of movies/entertainment- terrible, almost non-existing. Wifi didn’t work. And is charged extra which is not great, especially since all domestic JAL flights have complimentary wifi. Cabin was clean though not very clean. The seat is very comfy when you sleep, however really far from the screen and when you eat it’s just somewhat awkward.
 At Changi, despite still being 5 hours prior to departure, the ground staff team let me check in early, and I was glad that I did even though I had checked in online because the process took quite a long time due to this being a US-bound flight. Eventually, I was sent through the automated gates of passport control, and after some rest, I made it to the gate. Boarding was made on time, and strangely, neither I nor my other family members was allowed to accompany our travel party who needed wheelchair assistance, something that was not the case on the Haneda-Los Angeles leg. Having purchased this ticket through American Airlines, JAL and AA made a miscommunication that eventually led to me and my other family members being seated separately from each other on the Singapore-Haneda leg of the trip, but I believe that was a fluke because the seats on the Haneda-Los Angeles leg was set correctly. What I got on both legs were friendly cabin crew despite the agonizingly long duration of the flight, sumptuous meals, in-flight entertainment system with a great selection of contents and old-school but easy-to-use layout, wide legroom and seat width for economy class, friendly ground staff service on all airports, and adequately air-conditioned cabin and mood lighting. I arrived early at Haneda but arrived late in Los Angeles, and on the latter flight, the crews just couldn't stop apologizing for the delay, something seemingly textbook when it comes to Japanese culture but very appreciated. When one of my family member's IFE system stopped working, the flight attendant, as a gesture of apology, gave him another form of in-flight entertainment through the very stable in-flight wi-fi. Overall, I would surely try JAL again, and I have never said this before - but I learned a lot from this airline. I hope other airlines can also learn from JAL, too, because I can confidently say without a shadow of a doubt that both flights, SIN-HND and HND-LAX, are my all-time best so far. No wonder they're a 5-star airline and in the top 5 best airlines in the 2023 list.
  I sat at seat 1K next to the galley and the lack of service/attention I received on my flight from Narita to Frankfurt was astonishing. Outside of the main meal, I was ignored for almost the entire flight. I slept 6 hours after they served lunch (after takeoff) and I woke up to find that the cabin attendants had not picked up my trash (napkins/empty water bottle). You might think this is not to disturb me, but I left it on the mini counter that was on the outside of my suite. After I woke up and for the remainder of the flight, they never walked up to me willingly and asked me if I needed anything.  I had to use the flight attendant call button to ask for one of the meals you can order anytime on JAL. What astonished me is the cabin attendant pretended to forget to serve the meal to me.  The head cabin attendant came to apologize to me and I told her I still wanted the meal because I haven't had anything to eat since the lunch after takeoff. She should have already guessed that also, since 12-13 hours had elapsed at that point in time. She still did not serve me the meal though. I landed at my final destination extremely hungry, which is something that has never happened to me on any business class flight, especially long-haul ones! 
  Flew from Manila to Tokyo and JAL regional from Tokyo to Sapporo. The flight was quite pleasant and seamless from the the check in to the flight itself. Food is usually a chore on airlines but I really enjoy JALs offerings. I don't really have complaints for any part of the trip since they really make it seamless for you. I guess I would just like more international connectivity as their domestic flights already have wifi, I wish they could offer (even with a fee) wifi for international flights and perhaps keep it free for domestic.
  It is always a pleasure to fly on Japan Airlines. The check in at Haneda International is always seamless with JAL. The 10 hour plane ride to Los Angeles was very nice. The stewardess was awesome and food was very good. JAL tends to be a little more expensive but it is always worth the money. I would always recommend to use JAL when traveling to Japan.
 I am more than disappointed in the overall quality and service on JAL. Our family has flown internationally many many times and have never experienced the terrible customer service that we did on this flight. Our initial route out from Chicago-Tokyo-Bangkok was in Business Class for all 4 of us. The food was absolutely terrible and the flight attendants were not the nicest. On our return trip we were split up with 2 of us being in economy. My daughter (4 yo) and I sat in economy and I actually cried because I was so upset with the entire staff. They refused to give my 4 year old and snacks or ice cream that they passed out to every person on the plane. Their excuse was that she ordered a special meal so she couldn’t get anything else. Well everyone else on that plane that ordered a special meal still got many snacks and ice cream. The “special “ meal was absolutely disgusting. I wouldn’t have given it to an animal. It was not distinguishable in any way and they gave her fish with cheese sauce as the “bland meal” along with raw onion and pepper salad. The flight attendants also didn’t serve her any drinks without me having to almost berate them. They said no one was allowed to switch seats and I couldn’t trade with my husband up in business either, yet the man sitting right next to me was given the bulk head seat alone with no one next to him after our flight took off. Every single flight attendant on the flight was the worst I’ve experienced in all my international travel. We will absolutely NEVER fly on JAL again.
  It seems they are holding out for their new A350's before providing a proper service to business class passengers. Cabin crew were friendly and helpful. The seats were old and worn. Flight was delayed one hour due to an IFE technical problem. JAL don't communicate their meal service too well, so left waiting or wondering what the plan is and communication of baggage procedures in Tokyo is awful. This may be mainly a Japan customs procedure, but airlines should communicate properly. Unfortunately JAL did not do this.
  No vegetarian options in the Sakura lounge. When requested we have run out of options. Booked Jain meal for parents. They only have request for one sector. Tokyo to Bangalore and not for SFO to Tokyo. The rule is book 24 hours in advance. Who would book only one sector? we book business class to get personalised attention and care. The seats are good and comfortable. I might still travel JAL for my own logistics reasons of timings etc but not because I felt good with the airline.
  I recently flew return from Sydney - London. As a family of four with 2 children. (17 month year old, and a 3 year old). I can't thank JAL enough for the exceptionally high standards they provided. From check in at the front desk to the plane journey. It was so smooth and comfortable, and the food was delicious. I also want to mention how they let us board first due to having young children. We are very grateful for this- it was a fantastic experience. Thank you so much, look forward to flying with JAL again in the near future.
  At Haneda Airport, I encountered terrible ground staff. They seemed reluctant to have passengers check in at the counter insisting customers use the kiosk to print their boarding passes and baggage tags. There were staff members present, but they seemed to be in a bad mood or too tired and didn't want to help passengers with issues they were facing. I always thought that Japan Airlines' service was full of enthusiasm and proactive in assisting customers, but that was not the case. 
  Wonderful cabin attendants. But, the food was really bad. Kentucky Fried Chicken is not a good meal unless you are children. Very disappointed in the food selection.
 I am very disappointed because the airline would not allow me to book seats until check in. Then my wife and I were assigned seats that were not together. We were unable to get anyone to even try to help. Customer service pushed us off to ticketing. We showed up at 5am for our 8am flight as they instructed, only to be told to ask at the gate. We went to the gate and asked and, without even looking in the system the gate agent just told us they would not change our seats. This was NOT the Customer service l that will make me want to fly this airline again! International premium trips are too expensive to be treated poorly. What's worse is a corporate culture that doesn't encourage problem solving/customer service. For example if they cared to try do you think they could've found 2 people in regular economy who would've liked premium economy seats? Not 1 employee thought of that. I won't fly with them again.
  It was my first time flying with Japan Airlines and my experience was awesome. It was on time and I reached the destination before the scheduled time. Their customer service was excellent. I did not select any meal for my flight and unfortunately, they didn't have any vegetarian options. However, their crew member went out of the way and she cooked mushroom curry and steamed rice for me and showed me the ingredients of mushroom curry so I could be sure it didn't have any meat. I really liked her act of kindness. They truly know how to care about their passengers.
  Can never say enough good comments about Japan Airlines. Customer first culture is a winner. From check-in where personalised service starts, taking us to an alternate counter so we do not need to queue, boarding and inflight service. Always attentive, even during night flights. You always get the feeling you are valued. 
  Absolutely fantastic trip. The crew put every possible effort to welcome me onboard and to accomodate every possible desire from extra snacks to champagne. Selection of food, presentation and attention are at absolutely highest possible level. Special thanks to the team of Taguchi, Takemura, Jarupoom, Oochi for hosting me aboard and to making this flight as easy as a breeze. Thank you again
  I recently had the pleasure of flying with Japan Airlines and I have to say that it was an outstanding experience from start to finish. I booked my ticket through Delhi Office. Here one employee made the process seamless and efficient. He went extra to help me book Airport Hotel in Tokyo as well as getting my frequent flyer points credit on timely manner. Upon arriving at the airport, I was greeted by friendly staff who made the check-in process a breeze. The airport lounge was comfortable and well-equipped, with plenty of amenities to keep me occupied while I waited for my flight. Once on board, the flight crew was professional and attentive. They made sure that all passengers were comfortable and provided excellent in-flight service. The plane itself was clean and well-maintained, with comfortable seats and plenty of legroom. I was also pleasantly surprised by the quality of the Indian food and drinks offered on the flight. I am vegetarian and food was exceptionally good. Overall, I would highly recommend Japan Airlines to anyone looking for a hassle-free and enjoyable flying experience. They truly go above and beyond to ensure that their passengers have a comfortable and enjoyable journey.
  JL68 on Dec 14, 2022 - Best flight of my 4 (SEA-HAN & SGN-SEA) to Vietnam. I agree with another review that JAL serves good food ex-Tokyo, but mediocre on other routes. Very satisfied with the excellent service and comfort on this trip, and I rate this carrier just as good as other 5* carrier that I have flown recently (Asiana, EVA & Singapore). 
 The food, cabin, entertainment, and fluency were all disappointing. Food: They raved so much about the food and even made a documentary to watch as part of their entertainment selection but my food from Indonesia to US and back were all very mushy, bland, and confusing. They are kind of fusion Japanese-western but failed to capture any of those elements. For my 14 hours flight, they only served one meal and one snack, both of which were not tasty at all. Cabin: The seats were spacious but the flight was so so so warm I started sweating 10 minutes into the flight. It felt very stuffy. Entertainment: They had very limited choices of movies. Fluency: For some reason they did so many announcements, especially about their food. This kept interrupting the entertainment system. What was worse, the English announcement was very difficult to understand so it felt like they disrupt your flight and entertainment to listen to undistinguished noises.
  I was disappointed. On the positive side the service was excellent. My food was a big disappointment,  it wasn't great and the portions were small in fact it seemed like an economy meal. The wine was limited and not what I expect from business class. The seat was okay, even though it was a 2 x 2 configuration it was quite comfortable. although I didn't know about the thin seat mattress until after the flight. The entertainment system was also limited with very few recent releases and limited selection. The headphones were rubbish I don't even think they were noise cancelling.
  Overall, the service from dropped luggage until arrival was beyond my expectation. Dropped luggage was smooth with assistance of ground staff. The boarding was smooth, very proper announcements as zone stated in boarding pass. The cabin staff was very friendly and was service was amazing. The seat was comfortable. IFE was good. The light meal was ok as this flight are short. Wifi are good even though it is free wifi.
  New business class Suite III is inferior to the Suite II - the area where your feet / legs go tapers off. So if you are a tall person you are going to struggle to bend to the space. When the seat is not in full decline there is no support under your legs - from the seat to the feet area. This means you are going to be constantly trying to find a comfortable position if working / eating or not in full decline. - when you are partially reclined and have the table down it is quite small. The Suite II seat was superior (especially the window seat) on privacy and just in regards to the actual seat. No issues with the recline position/support or table. The flight attendants aren't trained to look at the list of who is a frequent flyer with their own airline. I am a Diamond flyer (the top frequent flyer status) and still watch in amusement that my Japanese wife gets a 'thank you for joining us again today. Thank you for on-going support'. In the meantime, me, a non-Japanese person, get no acknowledgement at all! (I have only been acknowledged about my status less than five times in all). This time - I got... 'You want the Japanese menu of course - that is why you chose to fly with a Japanese airline right? Is it your first time to Japan?' Ask your cabin crew to check the passenger list of non-Japanese travellers. If they are a JAL frequent flyer - then acknowledge them like you do with the Japanese. On arrival into Japan my flight was late (due to the flight arriving in Sydney late) due to the aircraft having trouble in Japan. I was not assisted to get to the next flight to Osaka even though the later flight had over an hour to go until departure I got that flight is already boarded - a domestic flight boarding an hour before departure? Instead, I was put on the Kansai Osaka flight and arrived at 2am in the morning instead of 8.30pm. Ground crew didn't even try and didn't have a 'can do - let's fix our mistake attitude'. Food out of Japan is good. Out of Sydney, it is not good! The quality is lacking. I recommend the western dish out of Sydney and then the Japanese dish out of Japan. Inflight entertainment  is an old system and the choice is OK for a couple of flights. You will struggle to find choice if going on more than a couple of flights a month.  The technology on the handset is very 2000s. The screen in business and economy are good. WIFI drops in and out - but it is normal on all airlines. Good enough to work and get things done. 
  Very pleasant flight on JAL, first time I have used them. Boarding was slightly delayed. Very comfortable business class cabin with quiet atmosphere. Choice of Japanese or Western menu - I chose the wagyu steak option which was delicious and served by absolutely charming cabin crew. I found the reclined seat to be super comfortable in particular the very wide footwell which allowed me to catch a few hours sleep, Arrived right on schedule and cases were delivered very quickly. Would definitely fly JAL again in the future.
  JAL provided a comfortable premium economy cabin. Their product is enhanced by business lounge access at LHR and Haneda. The flight attendants were very attentive. I did not use the Wi-Fi. The food was identical to economy but was functional. The only challenge was a not great selection of inflight entertainment in my view.
  New York to Tokyo 11th October, we decided to use some points for a simple Premium Economy flight from New York to Tokyo with Japan Airlines. Easy, points used, flights booked all good… Until we arrived at JFK airport. 3 days earlier we had tried to catch the flight but due to Covid regulations we needed a PCR test, so the flight was postponed. We then paid the additional charge to Qantas. Japan Airlines then informed us on our arrival via their supervisor our tickets were fake and we were not confirmed on the flight. Earlier that morning we had double checked with Qantas. We showed our receipt of payment, answer no. I called Qantas customer service and they tell them to look at their screen. JAL Manager says its fake and walks away. At this point the manager is trying to avoid me, I say please speak to Qantas here is the phone. They say to tell you all you have to do is look at your screen. The manager looks at the screen and our tickets were there all along. No apology. 
  We were allowed to enter the Sakura lounge because our flight departed at 23:35 and the next meal service would not be for another 8 hours after departure. It was very nice and the staff in the lounge were wonderful! It was a long flight from Tokyo to London and the cabin crew on JL41 on the 18/8/2022 were exceptional, the professionalism was outstanding. They were extremely polite and very good at their job.They even made me a makeshift bed in the back galley because I was feeling quite dizzy. I was very thankful for their hospitality and care. They truly excelled and I cannot imagine any other carriers being as generous, patient and caring as the crew on my JAL flight. I was blown away.
  I would like to share my appreciation for your ticketing agent, Tomoko. I wish I had a better photo of her or it would have been better if I had a photo with her. Tomoko was the agent who attended to me in LAX, FRI 8/5 at around 1pm Pacific Time for the JL 061 flight to Manila, Philippines. She was most efficient and demonstrated outstanding customer service. She was very genuine in ensuring that I am able to get on that flight and get back home safely to my family.  I hope this message reaches you Tomoko! You are so excellent in what you do, helping JAL customers. Thank you again for being so awesome! I would also like to commend JAL’s inflight WI-FI. I had some work to complete and was able to do so with onboard internet. Thanks again for the great end to end service! I had a great flight back home! 
  I honestly wish I could say better things about this airline, I was very disappointed. I flew Japan airlines from India to the United States with a layover in Narita. The staff was very friendly and patient. Not sure where everything broke down but both my seat and vegetarian meal requests were ignored.  The issues began with online check-in: checked into my flight online and was told to pick up my boarding pass at the airport. 8 weeks prior I requested a vegetarian meal and window seat for both legs of my flight when I was booking. During check-in, I made sure to request a vegetarian meal again which did not make it onto my boarding pass. I noticed during check in that I was assigned an aisle and middle seat for the two legs (I’d booked a window seat). Tried to request a seat change at the gate at both airports but was (very nicely at Narita I want to stress) told “the flight is full and there’s nothing we can do”. And at both airports when I requested the vegetarian meal, again “there’s nothing we can do, they’ve already loaded the food onto the flight”. Not sure what happened but I’m extremely disappointed with Japan Airlines.
 My parents and I are on vacation to attend my brother's graduation in Canada. We are now required to look for alternatives on our own because JAL cancelled our flight to Malaysia a couple of days prior to our flight due to it being an overnight transit. They are not assisting with alternatives and the only compensation they offer is a refund which is not immediate or a flight 4 months from now. I was told it was my fault for purchasing a ticket with overnight stay.  And why is cancellation notice only given through calls and at the very last minute? 
  My wife and I flied JAL economy class back from Japan to Thailand early this month. The check-in was very good, The staff were very nice and efficient. We have made prior window seat booking to sit together, however, we were informed that JAl change the type of plane from B77 to B787 which is smaller, So we were not assigned to sit together by the window. Instead they assigned us to sit together in the middle row of 2-4-2 which means that we had other passengers on both side which made us very uncomfortable throughout the flight. The service is good, the food is OK.
  My wife and I choose JAL business class night flight from Bangkok to Tokyo (Haneda Airport) because we expect to have good service and some good rest. Wr found the configuration business class seat of JAL Boeing 787 is quite unexpected. The seat configuration is 2-2-2 which make the seat not so large. We can not make flat bed but rather tilted bed which make us unable to sleep. Otherwise the service was good and the food was nice. We do hope that JAL may make some change regarding business seat.
  The best airline I’ve flown with. Everything is great and professional. Their food is generous and it’s the best airplane’s food I’ve ever had. One of their restroom is bigger than other airlines. My flight was delayed for more than an hour, and they sent us an email to apologize. I really appreciate that. Wifi is reliable and fast. I can video call my family from the plane.
 I want to give every person who works for this airline a massive hug. Typically, flying economy from New York to Japan is a nightmare at around $900. This was not the case for Japan Airlines–let me count the bidets. They gave us ice cream. They asked me–nearly constantly–if I'd like something else to eat or drink. I had an entire row to myself–as did nearly everyone else on the plane. I slept, I worked. I have to say that–like everything else I know about Japan (very little) the plane exhibited a kind of antiquated futurism. Unlike most modern airplanes, it didn't have a plug for my laptop or really any movies I wanted to see. But that just meant I ended up not having to do too much work and I got to see the ending of Kenneth Branagh's Orient Express. Also, the bathroom lavatory has a heated toilet seat. 
  This was the second time that I've flown with JAL, but the first time in almost 20 years. Service on the ground and aboard the plane was good. I ordered a specialty meal and the food was okay. For both legs of the flight, I received a total of 3.5 meals. The half-meal consisted of a small sandwich. The aircraft was only about 60 percent full during the NRT-JFK leg, so I was able to occupy all three seats on my row. That came in handy when it came time to nap, as I could lie flat across all three seats. It still wasn't as comfortable as a real bed, but it was better than sleeping sitting up. JAL's inflight entertainment offerings could use some improvement, though. Its selection wasn't as extensive as those of comparable airlines. But, given the price I paid for my ticket during the pandemic, I'd say it was good value for the money.
  For several days now I have been trying to reach JAL customer service to amend my return travel dates but have not succeeded. I called on different days and at different times. On every occasion, I was put on hold by the recorder for almost 2 hours where I was so frustrated and angry that I couldn't wait any longer. I am a Skyteam member and I chose JAL from many other carriers thinking that they are major airlines with customer service awareness and reliable after-sales support. However, It seems that I was totally wrong and disappointed. I would not recommend JAL to anyone with a flexible flying schedule as they will be disappointed as I was.
  The cabin crew were amazing, the food portions were very small for someone 6'2" but okay. The in flight entertainment was rubbish. Arrival at Haneda, had to walk miles to get to the lounge. Food in the lounge awful, drinks only open from 11 am to 8pm, and we had connected flight next morning at around 11am. Lounge closed at 11pm and 12 business class passengers had to sleep in the airport.
  Thank you Japan Airlines for taking care of my Mom on her flight going back to US. From the airport ticketing office, to airport staff and airplane crew. My mom had a super nice and amazing flight experience going back to US. Special commendation and mention to Jerald Rosa of JAL NAIA 1, for assisting and accommodating us in all our inquiries even it is already out of his shift and was about to go home. Indeed giving an extra mile in helping us and answering all our clarifications especially during my Mom’s departure at the Airport when I am no longer there to assist her. Jerald and other JAL staff made sure she is okay and assisted her on all her needs. Really customer obsession and bias for action. Definitely a great and amazing first time with Japan Airlines and definitely will not only be the first. Kudos and continue giving a wonderful and superb customer service. 
 My family was flying from India to US through Japan airlines. My father tested positive for Covid and that was 8 hours before the flight departure and had to cancel the flight. The customer service agent I connected to named Shaik helped us in this situation in processing cancellation for the flight. My rest of the family was able to travel safely and had a great flight with good food and staff was helpful as well. It took some time for us to get connected to the India office but once we did Shaik helped us with everything right away and was also helping us navigate this situation through emails.
 Seattle to Jakarta via Narita. There is some mixed feelings I have on one of the JAL Flights. The flight from Seattle to Narita in Premium Economy was a disaster while the Economy Class is somehow better than Premium Economy. The seat in Premium Economy is narrow while Economy is not that narrow. Food is the same as Economy in both classes, but good. Entertainment should be improved. WiFi is terrible and slow. My advice, if you fly JAL, maybe you should avoid their Premium Economy.
  Jakarta to Dallas via Tokyo. JAL is a great airline, but avoid their Premium Economy at all costs.  The seat was tight in my opinion and I barely sleep on longer flights like this. The food was disgusting. The Inflight Entertainment is pathetic - limited movies, games, live TV etc. The staff was okay and the WIFI works, but slow.
  I was supposed to fly from Tokyo to Barcelona, via Paris CDG through international path (no need to get in French, EU, or Schengen territory at any point, as it was clearly stated when purchasing the flight), I had chosen precisely this airline and route, because it was one of the easiest in terms of transfer and Covid restrictions, since my final destination, Spain, had no requirement for vaccination or any type of test, and the French authorities, and CDG site stated that there were no conditions for transferring through the airport. On arrival at the checking counter at Narita airport, JAL staff asked me for my documents and my PCR test results, to what I replied, that they were not needed to get to Spain. They didn't know about the Spanish conditions and were confused from the beginning. After discussing among the team, and calling different people on the phone, they informed me that they were requiring the PCR in order to fly, because they knew of someone that got rejected to transfer in Paris without PCR. They proceeded to suggest that i changed my route to go through Helsinki and London, when I had to inform them myself, that the route was not possible since the UK was for sure requiring a PCR in order to transfer at their airports. I showed the manager the official French government and airport sites explaining that PCR was not needed for someone transferring in CDG, showed that Air France was not requiring PCR for me to fly to Spain. All these took approximately 4 hours, and the only response I got was that JAL was following indications by the Japanese embassy in France, and that on their site, they suggested that everyone had a PCR in order to transfer in France. I was offered to change my flight for the following day, under the condition of getting a PCR test. I did get my PCR test and returned to the airport the following day. Hoping that with some time, they would have had time and the decency to at least check and apologize for the mistake. Nonetheless, I found myself with the same response, that the Japanese embassy in France was suggesting a PCR, so they were right to force me to get one. This whole situation generated a very bad experience and affected my trust in JAL.
  Please extend my respect and deep appreciation to those of your cabin crew on flight JL 8010 on 29 Sep 2021, as well as your  staff at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago who made a great effort to return my tablet to me. I left my tablet on JL 8010 when I disembarked, but did not realize it until after I had taken a shuttle bus from the international to the domestic terminal at O'Hare. When I realized my tablet was missing, I was not sure whether or not I'd left it on my international JAL plane, but since time was so limited and I could not find anyone to make a call - or help me to make a call - to the international terminal (!), I sadly resigned myself to the loss of my tablet. Imagine then how elated I was when a woman from JAL called my name at the gate where I was just preparing for the last leg of my journey on a domestic US carrier (American Airlines). She had made the effort to find me to return my tablet. I did not get her name, so cannot thank her personally, but please let her know how much the effort meant to me. I will be ever grateful to all at JAL who made the extra effort for this to happen. Thanks again for such wonderful service.
  As I am booking the flight through the 3rd party agent so there was no options for me to select on vegetarian meal. So as soon as I got in the the plane. One of the professional staff name Konuimo was listening to my concern about it and she went extra mile in arranging me the meal for the whole flight according to what I want. Although It was not inform in advance to the airline ( my fault) she still understand my concern and took care of me if I was her family member. Thumps up for her on being a very good example in today’s hospitality world. Japan Airline is on top of my list now.
 JAL customer service exceeded my expectations. My wife and 2 kids (ages 2 & 3) had a super nice experience flying with JAL. The staff and crew are very helpful and cheerful in everything they do. Food is good and the cabin is clean. Always my top option to fly to and from USA.
  From Los Angeles check-in, up to Manila arrival, the crews that I encountered are excellent. They are all very helpful and very courteous. 
  Narita to Vancouver, on a Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner. This Airline as a whole is superb. We are in pandemic, but even though the cabin crew's covered with face masks. it didn't hinder them to show casing the real smiles of how we are welcomed and accommodated on board as we fly high above 40k feet. This JAL cabin crew JL18 delivered an exceptional support and service. I had the lowest economy ticket but as a customer, all my expectations were overly met. I'm on an economy ticket but I was treated as VIP. 
 This review is based on my own flying experience. I have never travelled internationally, Japan Airlines 787-8 Dreamliner Flight Number 746 was the first international flight I had. This Airline as a whole is superb. I almost forgot that we are flying thousands of feet above air because of the warm welcome and support by Japan Airlines 746 Cabin Crew on board. We are in a pandemic, but even though the cabin crew were covered with face masks it didn't hinder them in showcasing the real smiles of how we are welcomed and accommodated on board. I worked in customer service for over a decade now, and this JAL cabin crew delivered an exceptional support and service. Thank you JAL Flight 746 for your best among the rest support and service. Don't worry about your ticket, I had the lowest economy ticket but as a customer, all my expectations were overly met. 
  Japan Airlines is the best airline I have taken so far, and it stands out because of the consistent proactive and friendly service from crew members. They were very hardworking during the flight. I saw them walking around the cabin serving drinks and snacks to passengers who did not sleep between meal services. The toilets were kept really clean throughout the flight. Further, they turned off the personal TV of passengers who have slept to avoid disturbance to other passengers due to the light. Call button was answered within seconds. I sneezed during the flight and one of the crew members immediately popped over and asked if everything was ok and if I needed a blanket or warm water. This is economy class and I can say the service standard is better than business class of many airlines.
  I was sent an email that said that my flight was cancelled. Apparently, my flight wasn't cancelled, and the exclusions were buried in the email under the change flight or get a refund section. I went online as suggested and requested a refund, only to be charged $300. I called the company and was told very rudely that I should have called first and that they'll have to call me back. No one called me back. I call again, and this person tells me that my flight wasn't cancelled. I said that I received an email to the contrary. Well, I send them that and was told that my flight isn't actually cancelled.  So, I say can I just rebook it or at least get a credit since I still plan on flying. I was told flat out no. So, even though they sent me a very misleading email, it was my fault, and they can't offer me anything. I didn't care about getting my money back. But a credit would have been nice since the email seemed designed to mislead others. I didn't even require the full credit, just something since what they did was horribly misleading. 
  Excellent food for an airplane choice. Excellent personnel at the airport. Excellent flight attendants, pleasant and polite which is very far from the standard of American Airlines. JAL pilot also greeted us politely too. In summary, this airline deserves a five-star review! Continue to be excellent!
  Exceeded expectations, far better than any US airline, flew back in January 2020 before the COVID 19 pandemic. Flight attendants and ground staff were attentive, Food was flavorful, and seat was comfortable.
  Found a great deal and flew with JAL when I traveled from southeast Texas to Singapore. JAL staff in Seattle weren't particularly friendly, but JAL staff at Narita were quite pleasant and helpful in my brief interactions with them. The quality of the meal and drinks were quite satisfactory for economy class. They had a decent selection of entertainment from around the world, including some Japanese movies that I ended up watching with English subtitles. The plane and lavatories were clean; the on-flight personnel, the utmost in being pleasant and professional. One flight attendant in particular, Cindy from Singapore, chatted with me about Singapore for a minute and wished me safe and enjoyable travels to that city. Something else: I got up and went to the toilet, and came back only to find my neck pillow missing (I'm convinced that some passenger stole it. Who does that, steal a nondescript black neck pillow?!) At any rate, I disembarked the plane after landing at Narita; right before walking out of the jetway, I still wanted to try to at least make one more effort to find that neck pillow. I explained to the flight staff that I was looking for a pillow, and it had gone missing. 5-6 flight attendants sprung into action, with me, to look for that pillow. While it was never found, I made sure to smile and say "Thank you!" I have a hard time imagining that that level of service would ever occur on a North American airline. The only reason that I've reduced JAL's rating from 9 to 7, is because trying to call, email or contact them otherwise through my online JAL account about changing flights is absolutely like pulling teeth (this has been a problem for a different trip than this one). JAL desperately needs to work on aspects of their off-flight customer service, at least for non-Japanese customers. Nonetheless, they're still one of the truly best airlines in the world.
  Bangkok to Tokyo Narita  on Boeing 777. Nice Staff. Fresh Salad, Clean Cabin Wide seat and Seat pitch. Clean Bathroom. Impressed with experience. I would not hesitate to travel with JAL in the future.
  I traveled back and forth from Paris to Tokyo with Japan Airlines and it is by far the best airline I have traveled with. I am a great traveler, since I work in tourism. I found the staff at check-in and on board, welcoming, helpful, attentive and available. The meal trays were plentiful and very good as well as the snacks between each service. Finally the space between the seats is wide, which allows the legs to unfold well, the size of the screen was also perfect. I have traveled pleasantly, I would take over this company without hesitation and for my customers too. FR: J'ai voyagé en aller/retour Paris -Tokyo avec Japan Airlines et c'est de loin la meilleure compagnie avec laquelle j'ai voyagé. Je suis une grande voyageuse, puisque je travaille dans le tourisme. J'ai trouvé le personnel à l'enregistrement et à bord, accueillant, serviable, à l'écoute et disponible. Les plateaux repas étaient copieux et très bons ainsi que les en-cas entre chaque prestation. Enfin l'espace entre les sièges est large, ce qui permet de bien dérouler ses jambes, la taille de l'écran était parfait également. J'ai agréablement voyagé, je reprendrais cette compagnie sans hésitation et pour mes clients également.
  I am so disappointed with JAL charging a cancellation fee on my ticket from Melbourne to Tokyo in this time of crisis. As Australia announced a travel ban on March 17, my family and I had to cancel our trip to Japan. Upon receiving my refund in my account however I noticed that I was short $1200. Upon contacting the JAL Australia office however, I was told that there had been a cancellation fee applied, as my refund was processed 1 day before their policy update. 
  Tokyo Narita to Singapore. Arrived at Narita at 5:30pm to check in my luggage. Couldn’t find the business check-in and the JAL ground crew could see I was in distress from missing the flight. Pulled to her counter and helped me out along the way. Checked me in Super efficiently (less than 5 minutes) and got another ground staff to rush me to the get. Thanks to the checkin staff and the ground staff who ran me to my gate so calmly. Could see Imei (the ground crew) tried to calm me down while rushing to my gate. Excellent service. From both ground crew, will definitely fly Japan Airlines again.
  I booked a premium economy ticket with Japan Airlines from Paris to Sydney. My flight leaving Paris with Finnair was delayed. There was only an hour between connecting flights so I missed my connecting flight from Helsinki to Tokyo. Upon arriving in Helsinki I was met by someone from Finnair who said they were putting me on a Finnair flight. I asked them what what class I was being put in as my ticket was premium economy and I knew Finnair didn't offer premium economy. They told me it was economy and that there was nothing they could do. I queried this with several people before I boarded the plane which didn't seem to go down well with anybody. I was told I was holding the plane up, to get on the plane and to contact customer service when I landed. I did get on the plane and endured 9 hours of a cramped seat. I contacted Japan Airlines when I got back to complain about this and to ask for a refund for this part of my flight. Japan Airlines have told me it is not their problem and I have to contact Finnair. I asked several questions in my letter - who decided I was being put on a Finnair flight, was Japan Airlines given the option of waiting for my flight, why wasn't I asked if I wanted to fly the next day on a Japan Airlines flight. None of these questions have been answered. I am slightly confused why I would be writing to an airline that I have not paid for a ticket to ask for a refund - ie Finnair. My tickets were booked through Japan Airlines so surely it is their responsibility to deal with issues/complaints from their tickets holders. I have written to Japan Airlines three times and got the same response each time, with one response finishing with "I do hope you will fly Japan Airlines again". My flight from Sydney to Paris which was actually with Japan Airlines went without a fault. They have a fantastic premium economy product. Plenty of space and legroom. Even though the food served is the same as in economy it was some of the best airline food I have tasted and the service was fantastic too. I actually thought I had found a really good value for money alternative to business class. I am aware things can go wrong and sometimes missing connecting flights is out of anyone's control. However the way my complaint has been handled left me astounded. There has been zero care factor or empathy.
  Tokyo to Vancouver. They turned the plane around halfway to Vancouver for what they said was an injury, which didn't make any sense because if it was an emergency we could have landed in Hawaii as opposed to flying four hours back the way we came. They gave us no information, flew us to a different airport than we started in, refused to get us a hotel, and it took 12 hours for the flight to leave again, and we weren't allowed to leave the gate because it was too complicated. They refused compensation or tell us how to file a complaint. Service was horrible, little to no information, and they were still two hours late taking off on the recovery flight with us stuck in our seats on the tarmac that whole time, then it took nearly two hours to get our baggage in Vancouver. Once in Canada, a supervisor refused to tell me how I could file a claim or complaint, which is illegal. They did try to force me to accept a gift card and sign a piece of paper in Japanese, which I refused.
  Melbourne to Tokyo. Did not get off to a good start when Business check in was cluttered with Economy passengers, then ushered to Economy desk. Lounge was an insult to business class passengers. On board, the seat while comfortable, had no storage (window), aisles had some. First business class flight I have flown where a welcome drink was not offered. Amenity kit had no socks. I did not eat on the aircraft, but the flight crew were attentive and polite. I doubt I would choose this airline again for business class travel, which is a shame as I had previously flown Premium Economy and found them brilliant.
 Shanghai to San Diego via Tokyo. This just might be the best economy class experiences I've had up to this point. The food was amazing - extremely delicate and exquisite. The flow of the service was great and the crew's interaction between passengers was natural and polite. Though flying in economy, I can see JAL incorporates some unique elements into the flight (such as beverages, magazines, and movies). Japan Airlines is the only airline worldwide offering a 2-4-2 config for B787. The pitch and legroom were way beyond satisfactory. Ground services were efficient in both Pudong and Narita and each boarding group was lined separately. Won't hesitate to fly with JAL in the future.
  Flew with Japan Airlines for first time. There was a 2 hour delay from Vancouver due to bad weather. Airline offered us a meal voucher. It was a full flight and like any other review JL did not disappoint. Staff were polite and flight was uneventful. Ground staff at Narita were very helpful and extremely polite. A few suggestions I like to make. Although there are snacks, it will be a good idea to offer hot noodles (like Cathay offers). The inflight system was mostly in Japanese but it didn't bother me, as I had my music on my cell phone.
  Tokyo to Kuala Lumpur. This was a code share from Malaysian Airlines and there was some e-ticket number missing in one of the the 3 passenger details. The lady and her superior at check in was quite inefficient at solving the problem we had with our ticket. We were told to call Malaysia Airlines, how can JAL treat us like that. I asked the staff at check in if she could speak to my travel agent in India but she said only if the travel agent speaks in Japanese. 
  Jakarta to Chicago via Tokyo. My first time with JAL is not a disappointment. The seat space is spacious and the seat is wide enough, making me comfortable sleeping during long haul flight, from Tokyo Narita to Chicago. One thing that I also love is the food quality! It is like eating in a restaurant with stars.  In my opinion, JAL's food is the best. I would definitely fly with JAL again.
 Manila to Boston via Tokyo-Narita. The flight from Manila to Tokyo was operated on a B787-8, and the flight from Tokyo to Boston was operated on a B787-9. The infamously horrible traffic in Manila made me arrive at the airport only 57 minutes prior to my departure time. I panicked! Upon arrival at check-in, though, a lady at the business class check-in desk checked me in and assured me that I would make my flight. Indeed, because Japan Airlines boarded the aircraft beginning only 30 minutes before departure and did not close the gate until 10 minutes before departure, things went just fine. I know that many airlines would not be so forgiving of a late arrival. Many airlines also would probably have lost my luggage when I checked it in so late. Not Japan Airlines! It made it all the way to Boston. As for the inflight experience, the flight attendants were polite, friendly, and accommodating. I was seated in a bulkhead seat for the first time in many years, and one of the flight attendants helped me to open up the TV monitor for that seat. The seats were very comfortable. Blankets and pillows were available on both flights. Toothbrushes and toothpaste were available in the lavatories during the flight from Tokyo to Boston. Too bad that there were no amenity kits, but it's always the toothbrushes and toothpaste that I most desire during such flights, so they just barely met my expectations there. Perhaps the least impressive part of the experience was the inflight entertainment. While I appreciated that they offered manga for people to read if they so desired, the selection of movies and TV seemed somewhat lackluster, and it was disappointing that many items were not available with English subtitles. Finally, there was the food. I was served one full meal on the flight from Manila to Tokyo and one full meal and a sort of "light meal" on the flight from Tokyo to Boston. We were also served packaged snacks about 35 minutes prior to landing in Boston, which seemed kind of last-minute to me and a little awkward. The full meals were truly enormous-by far the largest meals I have ever had on a flight. The one served from Manila to Tokyo was perhaps the largest of all. The entree was a sort of chicken in a creamy mushroom sauce, served with sliced carrots, sliced zucchini, and fried rice with egg and vegetables. It also came with a vegetable salad with dressing, a fruit salad, a noodle salad, a potato salad with ham and cheese, miso soup, Haagen-Daaz vanilla ice cream, a chocolate chip cookie, a bottle of water, and your choice of beverage. I found it particularly stunning that Japan Airlines has their own kiwi-apple juice blend which they call "Sky Time Kiwi." Wow! All of the foods I was served were delicious. One criticism I can make of the food is that with the exception of the full meal from Tokyo to Boston, there was no choice for the meal options. That is, you got what you were served. Overall, though, it was a truly Japanese experience, and it was truly excellent. I would gladly fly with them again in the future if they offer tickets at competitive prices like they did this time.
 Boston to Manila via Tokyo-Narita. The flight from Boston to Tokyo was on a B787-9, and the flight from Tokyo to Manila was on a B787-8. The flight from Boston to Tokyo was scheduled to depart in the middle of a blizzard. Unfortunately, this created some problems regarding preparing the aircraft. We eventually boarded (very quickly, as is Japan Airlines' custom). We then had to wait for a while as our plane was de-iced. We ended up leaving Boston about two hours late. However, the pilots were able to make up for one of those hours in the air, so that we only arrived about one hour late in Tokyo. Another passenger was concerned about making his connecting flight in Tokyo. A flight attendant calmly explained that he would have enough time and that they would hold the flight for him if necessary. This turned out to be unnecessary, as, to my shock, the staff at Narita basically just allowed all arriving passengers with connecting international flights to go directly into the gate area without first clearing security. This was truly a godsend and ensured that people really did make their connecting flights. And since gates weren't supposed to close until just 10 minutes before departure, this meant they did not even have to hold planes for people! As for the inflight experience, it was similar to my experiences from Manila to Boston, except that there was no last-minute snack service just before arriving in Tokyo. Instead, they offered us sweet buns midway through the flight. Again, we were served a full meal on the flight from Boston to Tokyo and on the flight from Tokyo to Manila, as well as a light meal towards the end of the flight from Boston to Tokyo. And once again, with the exception of the full meal from Boston to Tokyo, there were no choices for the meals-there was only one option. However, as usual, all of the food was truly superb. Because I was flying during a different month from my previous flights with Japan Airlines, I noticed they removed from their entertainment system a movie I had begun watching previously and had hoped to finish watching during this trip. That was disappointing. There were toothbrushes and toothpaste available in the lavatories during the flight from Boston to Tokyo, but not until relatively late in the flight. Again, flight attendants and gate staff were fantastic. Another excellent experience on Japan Airlines!
 Tokyo to London Heathrow. One of the best airlines I've flown with. Clean aircraft, very good food and cabin crew at your service, making sure you are comfortable and don’t need anything. And I was in Eco class. I had the chance to chat with the crew during the flight, attitude free, very simple, but sharply professional. The inflight entertainment can be improved but the essentials were there. The flight was slightly delayed but the crew on the ground kept constatant communication and we ended up landed early. I will definitely fly again with JAL.
 Tokyo Narita to Busan. This return flight in October gave me great impressions and respect for Japan Airlines. The highlight was the presentation and quality of the meal. The Busan bound flight had a beautiful bento box presented like a gift! Food inside was the yummiest airplane food I've ever tasted! In both flights, I had the luck of sitting on exit row seat. However, the width of the seat gave a cramped feeling. The aircon didn't work well. Interior tapestry was worn and old. The service and politeness from the flight attendants was amazing though. The Tokyo bound flight was delayed by 5 hours due to typhoon. The JAL staff at Busan airport worked so hard with good organization skills to keep every passenger informed, providing extra support, and apologizing at times with bows, even after arrival in Tokyo. This and many other factors - no wonder JAL is a 5-star airline!
  Chicago to Tokyo Narita. Had a great experience with JAL. Legroom was generous. Seats were well designed. Food was tasty and plentiful. Staff were very helpful and pleasant to deal with. When we almost missed the cutoff time for checked baggage, we received help from a supervisor to get our bags checked in by her personally. JAL made my partner's first trans-Pacific flight an easy experience. My only criticism is that the selection of English movies wasn't very recent.
  
Tokyo to Singapore. The cabin was very warm and stuffy and no improvement was made after feedback to cabin crews. The cabin crews imposed a liquor ban on me when I only drank 6 cans of beer. I was neither drunk or behaving disorderly to warrant such a ban. I have flown in many airlines and this was the first time that I was humiliated with a liquor ban.
  Tokyo to Melbourne. On the good side, excellent seat, lies properly flat and gives great privacy for business class. Big screen tv and the supplied mattress topper is a nice touch, so comfortable. The on board wifi is awful, very slow and drops out, on the way up I couldn’t get it to connect at all but I was charged twice, on the way home there have been service issues. I ordered a meal, 45 mins later I didn’t have it, I had to go forward and ask again, they apologised then it came, twice. When finished I waited for the tray to be collected, as that didn’t happen I pressed the call bell, no one came.  It’s a pity about the service, good seat, nice clean plane just service that’s not good enough for business class prices.
  Kuala Lumpur to Tokyo Narita. I flew economy outbound and premium economy on the return. The hard product in either cabin is right up there with the very best. pEconomy seat was spacious with generous knee and shoulder room (8-across on the 787,), the premium economy seat was a hard-shell so you could recline without seeking the blessing of the pax behind. In both cases I liked the attention to storage of smaller items (mini seat pockets etc.) Soft product is not far behind. Catering is good, with flavourful and balanced menus. In particular, the premium economy lunch featured winning entries from a public competition JAL ran, where the side dishes (3) were truly outstanding. Will be dreaming about the sesame tofu for a long time yet. Brownie points for serving hot miso soup at 38,000 feet. I also appreciated the extensive drinks menu featuring shochu, umeshu, and sake. You pay a slight premium for JAL, but it's totally worth it!
  Tokyo to Gimhae. A few days ago I somehow lost my iPAD and personal computer at Tokyo Narita airport after I passed the security gate. I belatedly realized that they were missing from my backpack onboard my flight while taking off. After landing at Kimhae, I was greeted by  Mr Kim, a supervisor. He took the loss of my computer into his hands, helping me out from calling L&F at Narita Airport to delivering it to my hotel without much delay. I was hugely impressed by his devotion to his job and professionalism. JAL means now a little different to me after this experience!
  Flew from Osaka to Los Angeles on 9/9/2019 at 5:25 PM boarding time. The gate agents were very helpful and friendly. I’ve never receive such great service from an international airline ever! I highly recommend Japanese Airlines and would recommend this airline to any friends or relatives.
  Los Angeles to Osaka. One of the best flights. The Boeing 777 8 seat rows provide additional side space; legroom was also large. Smooth boarding, flight attendants were very attentive, smiling and helpful. Meals were good, good selection of movies and ok for music (but very subjective). Small details that make a difference: good food, toothbrush available, snacks and drinks between meals, space.
  Frankfurt to Narita. I was impressed by JAL's product: Crew: Perfect overall. Food was served in a timely manner, with a genuine smile. Very knowledgeable about the product, can answer any question (I was impressed how a first timer in Business Class could answer about almost everything). Food is a difficult topic as some may not like Japanese food and be more satisfied with a nice piece of meat. But in terms of Japanese Cuisine, what JAL offers in business class is excellent. Rare food such as Awabi (Abalone) was even offered. I never took the western menu so I cannot comment on that. The Skysuite product is wonderful, especially on the window side. Thinking this product was introduced in 2013, it is still among the best seat on the market. Window seat offers complete privacy. All seats offer a fully flat bed which does not become narrow at your feet, and a very comfortable mattress and pillow. ANA is just catching up this year with their new product. I prefer this setup compared to the widely used reverse herringbone layout. Plane: The Boeing 787 is a great plane, although I prefer the A350 (the A350 is I think quieter). Boarding and on ground experience: JAL offers to wrap your luggage for free if you wish, which is not the case of all airlines. Check in is efficient, as well as boarding. Lounge looks good but I never drink or eat anything as I prefer to relax with a glass of water and look forward to the flight.
  Osaka to Los Angeles. JAL has high quality service, and on the Boeing 777 has only 8 seats per row rather than 9 in economy class, providing additional width space. Legroom was spacious on this flight. All in all a great flight, save the delay (bit less than 1h) and the choice of movies.
  Delhi to Tokyo Narita. The cabin crew were nice and my child was ill and they handled it professionally. The seat was amazing with lots of legroom and good reclining. They were really nice with the children and gave them little gifts. The cabin was hygienic and clean. Overall, this is a great airline.
  Japan Airlines business class is basically a fraud. Flying Tokyo to Sapporo business class. Seats slightly better than coach but we are still squeezed in a central row of four like sardines. No lounge access, no priority boarding, no welcome drinks, nobody would hang your jacket. There is a real business class, called first class. The pseudo business class is what, at best, other airlines call economy plus.
  It is a short distance from Tokyo to Seoul (2 hours). Nevertheless, this airline flies an aircraft with full-flat, all-isle business-class seats for this route, which I liked very much. they have spacious lounge with a choice of drinks in Haneda, and flight attendants were courteous. On return at Gimpo airport, the Korean lounge was small and overcrowded. The only thing they should do is to warn business-class passengers not to slam shut their tables, because this annoys their front passengers severely.
  Akita to Sapporo. This flight was operated by J-Air. A fast and friendly check-in was followed by an effortless, punctual and enjoyable flight. The cabin crew were friendly, although there was no onboard service on this flight (possibly due to turbulence). Baggage arrived quickly (all thoughtfully placed on the carousel with the handles facing out). I was on a train into town within 25 minutes of touch-down.
  Osaka Itami to Sapporo. Check-in was remarkably quick and friendly. There were few passengers at the airport, possibly due to the G20 summit in Osaka at the time. Boarding was smooth, and the cabin crew were friendly and efficient. The plane was spotlessly clean and the seats spacious enough for a 90-minute flight. No food was served,  only a soft drink or hot drink. The plane was perfectly on time.
  San Francisco to Tokyo Haneda. Best airline I have ever flown. Economy class seats have enough of space to stretch your legs - im 5'11", food is on business class level when compared to any US or European based carriers. 2 checked baggage pieces standard, its employees don't panhandle for extra fees. Remember all the glamour of the airline travelling from 30 years ago? It still lives on with JAL!
  Seattle to Tokyo . We purchased an air ticket for my wife to travel to visit family in Tokyo, Japan, on JAL. The ticket was purchased via GoToGate travel - purchased on 4/3/2019 for travel beginning on 6/25/2019 at a cost of approximately $1200. Unfortunately, after booking and upon inspection of her travel document, she discovered a typographical error in her first name. On the ticket, her first name (four letters) has an extra letter (ii instead of i) rather than the correct spelling. We're not sure how this happened, and were quite surprised to see it. We made repeated attempts to rectify this situation and get the typo corrected. We contacted GoToGate by phone and email multiple times. We contacted JAL by phone and email multiple times. We drove to the airport in San Diego and asked for help at the JAL desk. We contacted Alaska Air. Though our efforts did receive some replies, none were satisfactory. The typo remains on the ticket. Given the fact that TSA or the Airline may stop her at Airport Security Screening, or stop her from boarding the flight, she is not willing to use the ticket. Therefore, we have requested a full refund for the amount of the ticket, minus an appropriate handling fee, so that her booking via Go To Gate on Alaska and JAL will available, and so that some other passenger may book travel on the seat. We believe that the airline and the travel agency have a moral obligation and responsibility to serve customers to the best of their abilities, and to rectify this kind of situation. Moreover, both the airline, the travel agency, and other customers stand to benefit by allowing the seat to be used by another customer. We are aware of the airline policies and practices regarding refunds and changes, yet we believe certain situations are exceptional and require flexibility. At this point, all we can do is chalk it up to corporate greed and feel a simmering anger over our loss.
  My first flight was from Vancouver to Tokyo and I was so disappointed in the business class not having full lay flat seats and having to step over the passenger beside me every time I had to go to the washroom. The service was mediocre at best. I felt like it was premium economy. What saved Japan airlines for me was the flight from Tokyo to Delhi. It was like night and day. The seats are 1-2-1 configuration so you have a lot of privacy. The seats had lots of storage space and the tv was huge. The flight attendants were incredible, always walking by to see if we needed anything and the bathroom was clean. I don't know why there was such a big difference in the flights. But Japan Airlines is now my second favorite after EVA Air. But beware as some planes are still the old horrible configuration.
  Los Angeles to Jakarta via Tokyo. The cabin crew was so friendly and polite. They smile from the heart. The food was terrific, it was amazing. I will use this airline again.
  Los Angeles to Ho Chi Minh City via Tokyo. I was very frustrated of how JAL treats its customer in my latest flight. My flight was through 02 transits each for the arrival and return trip, and most of the flights which were run in cooperation between JAL and American Airlines had at least 30 min delay but I was fine about that. However, in my second flight upon return after the first transit, JAL was late for 1 hour and 20 mins due to maintenance issue, whilst my connecting flight (the final one to return home) is only 1 hour from the previous flight's arrival time. When we got to NRT, the connecting flight has not yet departed, and was still boarding, but instead of guiding us to the gate so that we can be on board quickly (which may take approx. 10 mins), they threw us to another airline, with an additional transit (KL) and additional 10 hours flight and waiting at the KL airport. What is even more frustrating is the JAL staff who gave us the new ticket, she said in the first place when we just arrived, running and confused: JAL arranged another flight by which we can get home at midnight on the same day ?. Only when we recheck our tickets it appears that we have to wait 5 hours at KL and arrive at 10:00AM the next day. (The group that were left from the final flight was about 6 people). When we asked about our luggage, she said that our luggage is already transferred to the final destination and we don't have to worry about them  - should we not worry if the luggage arrive before us? Later, I checked with another girl at the counter, she said that our luggage are coming with us on this flight, and it is the airlines rule that the luggage must fly together with the passenger. Everything happened today was such a disappointment and created a bad impression to me about JAL. We waited for them to be late for 01 hr and 20 min, whilst they cannot wait for us just a few minutes so we can get to the gate and come home after 14 flight hours, just to be on time on THAT flight, as if they are very punctual and never delay.. One of the guy left in the group said that he had a flight with JAL before and the same issue happened. I will never use your service again!
 Singapore Changi to Tokyo Narita. The best thing about Japan Airlines was that, among other airlines I had flown with, they had the most polite and courteous cabin crew. In other areas, there was not much to pick on either. The seat was quite comfortable with a rather generous amount of leg space (I am 176cm tall). The movies available were quite up-to-date too. The only downside, if I must mention any, was that I was not given the option of choosing my seat.
 Japan Airlines offers 2 nonstop flights from New York JFK to Tokyo, and this is the later one to the more central Haneda airport. The airline is one of the 4 main operators at JFK Terminal One, but it is the only of the 4 that does not have its own lounge at JFK. They offer their premium passengers access to Lufthansa's Senator Lounge instead. Boarding was quite nice and in order, something that I have not seen in Terminal One for a long time. The F Sky Suite was nicely designed and spacious, with ample storage space. Meals were good and nicely presented, as expected from a leading F product. Staff are respectful and accommodating. I picked the Japanese menu but also expressed that I liked caviar, which belonged to the Western menu, and the attendant happily obliged. She also offered to make my bed in the suite across the aisle (the cabin was only half full) so I can continue to use my suite for lounging and the other for sleeping. Such small initiatives made a difference between good and excellent service. It should be noted that, unlike many other first class suites, the Sky Suite does not have a personal closet to hang your clothes. After I changed and exited the WC, an attendant already waited outside with a hanger offering to hang my clothes for me. What a valet service. Overall, I think Japan Airlines First Class product deserves it 5-star status.
 Lots to like about this flight but are few negative points. The good: Great value as purchased 9 months in advance and travel was at Easter, excellent check-in, lounge given OW Status, boarding was efficient and on time departure. Midnight departure so snack bag and water given less than 10 mins after seat belt sign off letting everyone get to sleep. Minimal announcements and big breakfast served 2.5 hours before arrival. Leg room great, toilets always clean, staff very attentive. The Improvements: Seat base is thin and while leg room great I found the seat thin and uncomfortable, Toilets, 3 shared amongst 150 economy and Premium economy pax, so while clean there was always a line. Movie range was a bit limited, great system but minimal new movies. Overall still a great way to get to Japan from Melbourne, leave at midnight and arrive at 9am, no time lost. WiFi while active was never strong enough to do anything.
  Seattle to Tokyo Narita. Not a good experience. Cabin crew were fantastic and graceful but the seat - one of the newer lay flat suites was clostrophobic with the divider up. Hate the Boeing 787 electronic window blinds because they do not get completely dark - on a flight heading west, they do not stop the sun shining into the cabin and heating it up. IFE was OK but not outstanding. Although the crew were great, the food (Japanese set ) was not fresh. The drink service was slow as well which for a flight that is not too long delayed food service and resulted in little time for sleep. Lounge in Seattle was really poor (The Club) and not up to biz class standards. Sakura lounge in NRT was not much better. All in all will not fly JAL again to Asia from West Coast.
  Seven hours in economy can make for a long flight. This evening's JAL Boeing 787 from Tokyo to Bangkok could hardly have been bettered. The seats are comfortable, the always smiling FAs were charming and the IFE extensive enough to while away the flight. Narita is not my preferred airport out of Tokyo because of the long taxi to the runway. But the captain made up most of the delay. For an economy ticket I felt the most impressive aspect of the flight was the excellent F&B service. Indeed I would almost go as far as to call it superb. An extensive drinks offering was followed by one of the few delicious meals I have ever enjoyed in economy class. JAL has a policy of inviting six young chefs develop new and different recipes for economy passengers. My main course of braised beef in red wine sauce with penne pasta and a dash of cheese was quite excellent, the pasta being perfectly al dente. A salad and two different vegetable dishes were complemented by an almond jelly that must have had some additional ingredient for it, too, had excellent consistency and flavour. I only wished the portion had been double the size! Overall an excellent flight!
  Tokyo to Taipei. First the flight was delayed at the gate after boarding for more than 45 minutes, taxi for another 30 minutes. So the plane was late leaving and late arriving in Taiwan. The food was so so, for business class, really it could have been better. Gate staff also were not well organized. It is surprising for Japan. The lack of signs at the airport gate area and the size of the gate area were terrible. Passengers did not know which lines to go to and business and first class passengers also had to fight through the crowd to board. The biggest problem with the flight was a screaming infant across the isle. Flight attendants did nothing. The parents and grandparents also did nothing. It was horrifying. People should not be traveling with infants, period, for any reason unless they are moving abroad! These were typical selfish parents who insist to travel with their family and could careless about other people. The flight was full and their kid was crying the whole time. Which means their kid was not comfortable. This selfishness has to stop, and airline staff and airlines need to address it instead of ignoring it. I paid good money for a business class seat, and yet I had to endure this nonsense the entire flight. I am sympathetic in most cases where a kid may act out for a short period of time, but this was ridiculous.
  Vancouver to Bangkok via Tokyo 2 weeks ago. First sign of trouble began when we started circling Narita and crew warned us there would be a delay in landing. This made me nervous as my connecting flight to Bangkok was in 1.5 hours. We circled for nearly an hour before the captain came on the intercom and said we were being redirected to Haneda Airport. No reason given, only apology for inconvenience. We landed and refueled, waited another 1.5 hours and took off again, landing at Narita 45 minutes later. No explanation given, just sorry for inconvenience. I ran into the airport, hoping that my connecting flight had waited for me, but it was to no avail. My connecting flight had already left. I had to wait in another line for 2.5 hours to get booked on the first morning flight to BKK, and JAL put me up in a Narita Hotel. I found out that the delay was caused because an earlier aircraft had run off the runway, causing the airport delay. Anyway, bad enough, get on with life. A week later I show up at the airport in Bangkok, and JAL ticket counter informs me my flight has been delayed by 3 hours. Oh hell, not again! Which of course means I cannot catch my connecting flight in Narita again. I ask the reason for the delay, they tell me it's maintenance issue. Wait for over an hour, and to JAL's credit they do book me a flight on EVA air in business class. Thumbs up for that. But to have 2 major flight delays by the same airline on same itinerary is pretty sad. 
  Jakarta to Vancouver via Narita. My wife and I flew this routing. The seats on plane (both segments on Boeing 787) from Jakarta to Narita we’re far superior than seat from Narita to Vancouver. Cabin staff on both legs were all very friendly, very professional and deserve high marks. The inflight entertainment options were somewhat limited compared to other carriers. Headsets also not as comfortable as others (small headphones). The food was very good as was beverage selection. We’d both recommend JAL business class.

  Lounge access with JAL premium economy experience is fab. 9am Sydney-Tokyo and Sydney Qantas Business lounge was excellent - barrister coffee and all cold and hot breakfast food was fresh . Boarding no hassles, FA's warm and friendly. Premium economy seats are best in class, loads of leg room and hard shell recliner, so no one leaning into you. FA's all smiles and each leg gave consistent, professional service, best experience I've had on that level. IFE so so, but enough to keep me going. Great drinks selection, including champagne - FA's happily kept it flowing. Food wasn't too bad, and loads of snacks like noodle pots. Transit in Tokyo, Narita to Haneda by Bus took only 80 minutes. Haneda lounge not too bad, could be better. Tokyo-/London flight solid repeat performance. Great airline, will fly again.
  Tokyo Narita to Melbourne. The check in was easy. We were in the economy class and the seat was comfortable enough for 10 hours flight. The lavatory was quite big. The food/dinner was good too but for the second meal wasn’t that nice/fulfilling. It was a 10 hours flight so the airline should consider giving sufficient meal for the passengers. The customer service was friendly.
 Beijing to Tokyo. Very helpful land and cabin service. Food is comparatively good in the economy class. The aircraft isn’t the newest 787-9 but still feel good and comfortable. Overall satisfied like other Japanese flights.
 Ho Chi Minh City to Tokyo. I had the worst experience ever after years of flying. First there was a one hour delay (JL070), we was disgrunted but let it go. Then after we settled in the aircraft for an hour without moving anywhere, they finally announced that the engine broke and will take 1 hour to fix. I am currently writing this review at 4:40 am (flight was supposed to depart at 23:35) and there is still no sign that the plane actually move. Greatly disappointed with the professionalism of this airline, do not blame on technical issues given that this could be prevented from their end. No compensation was given, not even a formal apology
  Okinawa to Tokyo. My daughter and I just took a mini vacation to Tokyo  we flew on Japan airlines. After we arrived in Tokyo my daughter was informed that her dog was in the hospital and very sick. She tried with many different employees of Japan Airlines to change our flights to fly back earlier but they refused because she bought the tickets from Expedia. Well these two customers will never fly Japan Airlines again.
  Helsinki to Tokyo Narita. It is 10 years since I flew JAL and I was very impressed with the improvement. Charming ground staff in Helsinki and the crew have their mojo back and were faultless despite a full flight. The meal was good and it was nice to get flavoured steamed spinach as the "salad" instead of the standard offering. My only negative would be the IFE choice. The cabin temperature was perfect despite usual all comments about heat.
  Melbourne to Osaka via Tokyo, transferring from Narita to Haneda in Tokyo. Overall this was quite a disappointing experience, considering how much more expensive JAL is on this route than other carriers with a single stop. On all legs the cabin crew were great - very welcoming, responsive to requests and eager to please. All flights operated on time. The seating was fine, though there is very little storage space in the B787 business class seat. In Melbourne JAL uses the Marhaba lounge, which is OK but offers no hot vegetarian food options. At Haneda airport the JAL Sakura lounge has great views of the runway, but food and drink choices were very limited (tea, coffee, soft drinks and rice crackers only). No welcome drink prior to take-off was offered on any sector, but after take-off the cabin crew were very efficient in meeting any requests. Unfortunately the vegetarian meals were never Japanese, and ranged from bland to unpleasant (I'm thinking of a certain vegetarian hamburger). On board the domestic flight from Haneda to Osaka Kansai the seat was very comfortable and the service was excellent - but only tea, coffee and soft drinks (no snack) were served. JAL does not help business class passengers or provide tickets for the transfer between Narita and Haneda airports in Tokyo. You have to make your own way. I enquired on check-in in Melbourne about that, and was just told vaguely that "there is a bus". It feels like there is a great airline in there struggling to get out, but held back by obvious penny-pinching.
  Sydney to Tokyo Narita. Sadly disappointed by Japan Airlines. While the crews and seating were superb the meals in premium economy (and economy) were just plain awful.  I like Japanese food very much but, except for the Udon-in-the-Sky snack, the meals, especially on the Sydney to Narita leg were disgusting. Economy meals on Japan Airlines used to be some of the industry's best - these were some of the worst. I'd be happy to pay an extra $100 or more to get a decent set of meals instead of the awful food served on this route. On the other hand, its fair to say the cabin crew were superb, intelligent, and efficient in every way, the flights were on-time and the aircraft absolutely spotless, Its great that JAL uses the Qantas Lounge in Sydney and this is better than the JAL First Class Lounge at Narita, where the food has gone downhill. Also a lot of the staff in there are very officious and made me want to get out as soon as I could.
 This is my first time using Japan Airline, I flew from Bangkok to Tokyo, flight# 708, and from Tokyo to Los Angeles, flight# 62, on October 27, 2018. I would like to thank the flight attendants who were extremely caring, the took care of me. Thank you very much and keep up the good work. 
 
I was excited flying JAL longhaul for the first time. Checkin and fast lane Security Check took just 5 minutes. I had access to the JAL First class lounge due to my One World Platinum status. The lounge was very crowded and noisy on this Sunday morning. I was looking for a nice breakfast, but just some Croissants and muffins were on offer. The Sushi counter is great, but not at 9 am, overall, the JAL first lounge was rather dissapointing. This impression continued for the flight itself. The B789 had the so called Sky Suites III installed, which do not come even close to Qatar’s Qsuite, which I had the pleasure to fly last week. They are very narrow and uncomfortable. The service was ok, but nothing special. The Japanese choice of food was good, but not really wow. Overall, a rather average experience. I expected a lot more from JAL. This wasn’t 5 Star.
  Tokyo Haneda to Bangkok. Ground services again slightly underwhelming, with limited food choices at Sakura Lounge. No priority security check permitted, despite travelling Business .Boarding bizarre to say the least, with 80% of passengers boarding through Business Class gate by dint of their airline membership status, not their class of travel. In flight service much better on this return leg, with prompt drink and food service, and infinitely better quality of food. Seat discomfort still a big issue, with the "coffin" style design, limited flexibility, maneuverability etc. Staff extremely attentive and polite.
  Bangkok to Tokyo Haneda. Outbound from BKK to HND has a different quality to the inbound. First off, lounge facilities in BKK are not very inspired, with poor food choices - including curry rice at 8 am and its accompanying smell. Boarding at the gate is by one queue for all class of passengers. In flight service takes 1 hour for a drink to be served and meal service 1 hr 20 mins. Food quality very different to that presented from Tokyo. Staff always very polite and pleasant. Seat is not comfortable with limited options. AVOD not fully functioning. No priority arrival facility at HND. 5* rating for JAL seems overrated.
  San Diego to Bangkok via Tokyo. I love JAL, they are my go to choice over the Pacific.  I purchased a not-particularly discounted one way ticket on JAL through Expedia. I didn't realize that advance seat selection wasn't possible on this class of service, and Expedia didn't mention it. Here's where I became quite disappointed. I'm elite on a partner airline with JAL. When seats are assigned, generally elites get processed first--window or aisle. Not only did I get middle seats, I was inexplicably given a middle seat in the very last row on my second segment, on a flight that had many empty rows. That's not only odd, it's vindictive. Someone (or some software) went out of its way to put me in a middle seat in the last row when there were dozens of better seats available. When I arrived at the airport, I was able to get the connecting flight adjusted, but the trans-Pacific segment was full, with no remaining aisle or window seats, and no upgrades available for purchase. The ticket agent offered to put my name on a list to move me to a new seat. Here's where JAL won me back. I presumed that this "list" functioned in the same way it would with US carriers, it got me to shut up and go away, but no one actually pays attention to it. That's where I was wrong. Within 15 minutes I had been moved to a window seat. Now, the rest of the trip was standard JAL. Massive amounts of pretty good food and wine. Fast service with a smile. On time departures and arrivals. Clean aircraft. Let's not forget to mention that JAL only put 8 seats across on its 787s, compared to the 9 that most of their competitors have. More room, more breathable air, and more overhead space. The seats were comfy and had a surprising amount of recline - like "feel guilty for going back this far" recline. The entertainment came up a bit short for 17 hours in the air, and curses on the person who offers up 75% of a bingeworthy season of a tv show and leaves us hanging. Narita is weirdly depressing and in desperate need of a facelift, but that was a 90 minute connection and certainly not a reason to avoid JAL. JAL is deserving of the 5 star ranking they've been given.
  Tokyo to Honolulu. I usually fly premium economy or business, if I'm lucky. I was terribly worried about this flight to and from Hawaii in the normal economy, but I was pleasantly surprised! They FA's were extremely cheerful and hard-working. The catering was adequate and delicious. The cabin kept very clean, including the toilets. The star of the show is the seats. My goodness, I'm a big person (183 cm tall and 230 kg), and even I was comfortable! I couldn't believe the legroom and the seat width of these wider seats. They are premium economy standard on many US airlines but extended to the entire economy class. On the downside, JAL is notorious for keeping the planes warm since Japanese are adverse to air conditioning and even air passing over their skin. I always take a fan to keep cool. Also, the AVOD is lacking. This is the one area they simply must improve upon. Oh, they offer wifi onboard, but it didn't work for me or my partner. It never prompted with a pay screen and it was not free.
  Booked as BA codeshare, but BA couldn't access JL to confirm a seat, so ended up in the middle NRT/HEL (19E). Actually worked OK because legroom and recline is so good. On time departure and arrival. This time DBML selections weren't as good for a diabetic, but crew intervened to provide food from C cabin to compensate - bravo! Service excellent again. 1 hr 15m transfer at HEL but no hold luggage and super efficient process, so made it fine. AY to LHR on A321 was unmemorable, but did have 8C, which is an extra legroom seat. Again, even with the connection I'd choose this over BA any day.
  JL PY cabin LHR/HND departing 0930 on a Sunday. Cabin full, aisle seat (19C) very comfortable, with great space and recline for PY (far superior to BA). Special meals delivered with a smile, and accurately designed for a diabetic. 15 minutes late boarding, 30 minutes early arriving. Onboard service great, as ever. Asked if they had any Natto (rice cookies aren't good for me) and smiling FA dug deep and found a bag full! Apparently nobody likes them? Good - more for me. IFE pretty good. Only downside is that there is no JL arrivals lounge at HND, so you pay to use the landside shower cubicles, which are OK. Just better than BA in every respect.
  Delhi to Dallas via Tokyo. The ground staff in New Delhi could not print boarding passes for my onward travel from Tokyo at Delhi at the checkin counter. When I asked them at the gate again they told it could have been done at checkin counter but can’t be done at the gate now. I reach Tokyo I am told to reach the gate without boarding pass. I spend my time panicking whether I will get a seat on the flight (so much for a relaxed travel and transit). Online checkin did not work since I am non-US passport holder. Ground staff shows up at the gate and I finally get a boarding pass but get stuck on a middle seat for next 11 hours which could have been avoided if I was checked in at New Delhi. Also I had called up JAL 3 days earlier requesting a special meal for all my flights, but the request was only put in for the first sector. 
  I booked the flight on JAL website for the end of October 2018 to fly with the Boeing 787-9 not yet having tried. At the end of the purchase after checking my email, after 5 minutes I get an email alert that the flight booked from Helsinki to Tokyo started no longer at 17.05 as a reservation but at 17.25 and asked me to accept or refuse. I accepted in good faith  in exchange for Narita I lost the connection to Nagoya and I have to wait 9 hours to Narita. (I made the mistake of not checking and I did not think that JAL had only 2 daily flights to Nagoya). I contacted JAL through different channels but all told me that if I wanted to board the flight before I had to pay the penalty of 180€ + processing costs (the flight from Helsinki should arrive at 9 but I checked always arrives for 8.15-8.30 flight to Nagoya leaves at 9.55 and it is feasible to get on board). I'm a frequent flyer member JAL, but from now on with this treatment to the customers I can assure that JAL has lost a client.
  Bangkok to Tokyo. Old seats in a new aircraft, Boeing 787-8 worst customer service. Cabin staff service very poor. I would never spend money to buy their business class ticket. There are many other good service airlines in Asia
  This was my first time traveling with Japan Airlines and  I could not have been more happier. I made sure to arrive early to check in as me & my partner could not find any seats together. Upon talking to the check in staff they were able to give us a free upgrade to premium economy in order to compensate not being able to have me and my partner seated together on our booked economy fare. I was so shocked by the kindness and sincere empathy the check in staff had in regards to my situation. It was definitely an amazing start to the trip. Apart from being upgraded, JAL's amazing service continued to shine through its efficient ground staff, seat product and service on board. My first encounter with Japanese efficiency transpired with JAL's extremely fast and efficient boarding process. I was one of the first to board and it felt like 5 minutes after I sat down we were already on pushback, boarding literally took about 10 minutes which was amazing for a full flight. Boarding being done quickly meant we had a prompt ahead of schedule departure which was fantastic knowing how busy Sydney Airport can get traffic wise during the morning rush. Staff were very welcoming and friendly. Also, the cabin seemed extremely clean. The toilets were clean and hygienic. During meal service, staff were generous with the food & beverage offerings. Food is never an aspect of air travel I like, however, Japan Airlines offers a range of food options throughout the flight and you can pick up or ask for fresh food like instant noodles, chips, biscuits and chocolate. I couldn’t stomach the lunch service, however the instant noodles were a life saver. There was also regular hot towels distributed through the flight which made it a nice touch. One interesting observation I made was the lack of odour in the cabin. You know that strong aroma you get during the food service in which kind of makes you want to gag (well... at least for me)? Or when the cabin crew usually run drinks service and the whole cabin gets infused with the horrible bitterness of bad coffee? Well there was none of that here, It was very pleasant. I found JAL's IFE to be one of the most responsive I have experienced. The flight map is so interactive and explorable. You can zoom in and out of the map and get detailed views of your flight path. The entertainment selection was also excellent and there are movies in over 20 languages! Being onboard the Boeing 787 also meant the windows are big and the electronic tint provides a calming ambiance to the cabin. This is matched with the soft warm white lighting which was turned on after lunch so people could relax. And later on the flight when the lights were turned off a gentle purple illuminated the ceiling.  Overall, Japan Airlines proved to be one of the best carriers I have ever chosen to fly with. From the moment of check in to disembarkation, Japan Airlines truly lived up to my expectations of being a 5 star Skytrax airline.
 Flew Tokyo Narita to Kuala Lumpur. Check in line at Narita was not as efficient as expected of JAL and the queue was very long. Spent almost an hour in the line and the ground staff were not too friendly. Things changed on board as the service was impeccable as usual and the seats, in-flight entertainment, and meals were perfect.
 First time with Japan Airlines. The flight to Tokyo was late at night, so not much to report. The return flight was during the day and was mostly excellent. Highlights are the excellent service and the food. Just wonderful. Unfortunately, there are lows and they related to hardware and software. The seat is comfortable, however my window seat had almost no storage space except for among the magazines next to the screen (see pic). The IFE is truly sub-standard. Very few movies, the music select was small and in each category there were only a few tracks. Painful to operate as well. This is nickle and dime stuff in a premium product and a pity as the service is so very good.
 Tokyo to Ho Chi Minh City. This is probably the best flight crew I have ever had. I lost a bag with souvenirs for my parents inside which is totally my responsibilty for losing it. I informed the police at the airport and he guided me to the information counter to the JAL staff. They were calling and running to get my lost package. This is amazing, never thought I could claim my baggage again. Through this I want to thank the police officer that helps me and staff from JL079.
  Tokyo to San Diego. I have had four Japan Airlines flights in the past 30 days, all the flights were in business class. There is a huge difference between the business class offerings of these flights. The 787 is a great aircraft.  US Immigration in San Diego is quick and efficient. JL65/66 very poor and uncomfortable business class seats. I am very surprised that JAL would use old seats in a new aircraft. The pillow is tiny and inadequate. Service is not up to the normal JAL levels. Narita immigration is very slow. Positives for flights #01 & #02. - Super seat layout. - Very comfortable seats. Super attentive service. Haneda immigration is super fast.
  Singapore to Tokyo Haneda. This is one airline I would definitely fly again if heading towards Japan or onwards to USA. It represents great value for money when compared to other premium Asian carriers who  charge 40-50% more for the same product / route. Haneda is a great airport and ground services are in line with any major international airport. Once onboard, one was greeted with warm smiles and friendly approachable service. In flight amenities are within expectation for J, with a (mouth) moisture mask, eye mask, toothbrush, hairbrush and ear plugs. Additionally a pyjama top  is also handed out sometime before or after meal service; as well as a refreshing eye moisture freshening mask before landing. Oddly though, the pyjama vest was offered to me on the day flight back but not the red eye going into TYO. As for the most crucial component of the flight, the herringbone arranged seat - cushion comfort is better than SQ though one still struggles with the non-linear layout somewhere between the pelvis (protruded by the outer front shell) and the left (or right depending on yr location) ankle position which comes into contact with the inner wall curvature. Food wise, the Japanese meal set was excellent- sushi and accompaniments were top notch and fresh. One could also enjoy premium arabica coffee, and on demand cup noodle snacks if needed. Overall, I would definitely try JAL out again simply because their service is excellent and the cabin product is in line with most of the premium Asian carriers.
 JAL didn't disappoint for the most part. The check-in at Haneda was fast and accommodating. I say accommodating because they checked my luggage all the way through to my final destination on American Airlines connecting flight, despite the fact that these were two separate tickets. It seems a small thing, but it was major for me as JFK is a nightmare to connect through. On top of that, the agent gave me my boarding pass for the American flight! Onboard both directions the seats were wide and comfortable. I'm very large and I didn't feel particularly cramped or hindered even when in full recline. The seat cushions themselves are a bit thin, but they do have the extra air weave pads to help with this. Looking around the cabin, you can't help but feel it needs a refresher, but it is perfectly comfortable. The service onboard was kind and fast! They have an onboard order as you like service after the main meal and the food comes to you incredibly fast. The handset ordering function for this food was broken/unavailable both directions, but the response time of the FA was speedy. The food was good and you will not starve. However, if you are particular about your diet in any way, you may wish to order special meals. The western and the Japanese meals one way both featured beef which I don't eat. With the large a la carte menu it is easy enough to work around, but I found the set menus of the first meals to be really limited. AVOD was adequate and better than I remembered. Luggage delivery on the return from JFK was very slow, even for priority service. I'll probably fly them again, especially on the Haneda flights internationally.
  Tokyo Narita to Vancouver on Boeing 787-8 in Economy. Was looking forward to this flight but was really disappointed. The aircraft is one of the first generation 787 and although it's not that old, it felt that way onboard. IFE is using Magic V on this particular aircraft, there was limited content and only few New Releases. Response time is good on the touch screen. Food is the part that I was most excited about but it turned out to be my biggest disappointment. It was probably my high expectation based on the promise of "Collaboratively-designed menus by 6 young talented chef" according to their website. I appreciated the metal cutlery though. The food itself tasted bland. The side dishes are OK and the miso soup was a nice touch but oh so salty.There are only 2 meal service and the last one does not give you a choice but the Soba was ok. They also does not give the whole can of Soda unless you ask for it specifically. Flight Crew - very polite, smiles a lot and efficient. Seat felt cramped and I'm only 165CM. When the passenger in front of me reclined her seat, the backseat TV was almost touching my face. Overall, the experience was not horrible. Would I fly JAL again? Most likely if the fare is good, but will bring my own food just to be on the safe side.
  New York to Tokyo Narita. Return flight, same high quality service inflight as outgoing flight. Ground service at JFK a different story. Several check-in staff members unable or unwilling to speak Japanese to Japanese passengers, slowing check-in. Even with English-speaking passengers, check-in took 3x as long as at NRT and was not thorough (security and fragile item questions skipped). Saw staff I remember from previous years’ visits still dealing with passengers like newbies. Delays here compounded delays at security (due to TSA shift change and terminal flight departure bunching). T1 requires removal of suitcase belts due to outdated conveyer equipment. Check-in gate support by same ground staff with same problems. 
  Tokyo to New York. Fast and efficient check-in at NRT; reliable, polite and thoughtful Japanese ‘omotenashi’ on-board service. FA checked with our group leader about student group member needs before departure, and followed up in flight. When they ran out of one of two dinner options at the back of the plane, I accepted what they had, but explained that I would have to eat around the main dish (curry) which contained shrimp I was allergic to. The FA asked for a few minutes, and after passing out the remaining meals, she disappeared into the galley, reappearing with a beef curry not on the menu. JAL also allows larger suitcases (203 instead of the standard 157cm). Unloading time average at JFK.
  Tokyo Narita to Ho Chi Minh city. Terrible customer service at Narita airport. I had 2 hours layover at this airport to go to Ho Chi Minh city January 22, 2018. Around 5:30 pm we all were boarding and ready to depart but for some reason the airplane couldn’t fly any where and we were stuck inside for 5 hours then the pilot announced our fly is canceled. Our airplane went back to the terminal but the door couldn’t open because too much snow. So it took another one hour to get out off JAL airplane to go back to the terminal. We all got one sleeping bag, one bottle of water and a small bag of cracker for the night because of the snow storm. In the morning around 8 am we got in line to re book our ticket but all of employee at Narita airport told us we have to call JAL or book online because we were customer of yesterday they couldn’t help us in person. It’s was very disappointed with the way they handle there customers. Then we got in line to put our name and get number to get drawing at 3 pm the second day to see who is the lucky one can fly out. It’s seem like we all refugee waiting list to go back to wherever country. I was lucky that I met an Idian couple when I was charging my phone and later the husband help me to call local JAL to book my last seat at Haneda aiport which is one an half hour away by bus. My phone has international plan but couldn’t call local JAL number and 1800 JAL number took me hours but still no one pick up the phone. We were unlucky with the drawing so have to stay another night to get in to the waiting list at 4 pm fight for January 24,2018. The people at help desk gave us one night hotel which is 2 hours away. I asked the worker at help desk if my 3 friends they don’t want to go to the hotel that night could they have voucher for food instead but they no. I felt so bad for them because they have to stay another night at Narita airport with the same set of clothes. Any way there was a few nice employee try to help us by the end, one ask her boss to give me $30 to take bus to go to other airport to get the fly at 1:30 am. I was so tired because of two nights no sleep and stress out because I have 6 days left for my vacation. That’s was a very bad experience with the way JAL treat their customer. I hope they will learn from this and will help all of their customer like me who stuck at Narita airport for 32 hours or more.
  Tokyo to New York. Absolute worst customer service and experience with this Airline. On my honeymoon and paid for an upgrade on the way to my destination and halfway was downgraded. They blamed JFK for not properly communicating the upgrade was only halfway. Either way we got the runaround with a few different people at the Haneda Airport. Most notably was an incredibly rude manager, I was shocked when she said she was a manager because the way she spoke and handled this was incredibly unprofessional. I was interrupted nonstop by “no no solution unless you pay more”. Horrible experience I will never fly with this Airline again. Don’t use them if you want to avoid the worst headache and rude customer service. I would give zero stars if I could.
  Bangkok to Chicago via Tokyo. Won't be flying them again. Arrived at the airport at 6 for my international 8am flight which was delayed. At noon they cancelled the flight. They have 1 person helping customers getting on new flights. Most people are stuck here an additional 24 hours. Absolutely terrible customer service. There are about 30 furious people here still waiting for hours to get on flights. The best they are offering is getting in 24 hours late.
  Chitose to Kushiro. The cabin crew were smiling and I felt really welcome. The boarding and the seating were a breeze and the airline provides small headphones that you can take with you. One of the cabin crew members gave us free JAL Aircraft Models as gifts and kept asking us if we wanted more Apple Juice. The seats were very comfortable and the legroom was more than enough for relaxation. The only thing that did not work properly was the free WIFI. I will definitely fly with JAL again.
  Tokyo Narita to Taipei. The crew efficiency was a big problem, they do not offer welcome drink when you board the plane. The meal service was a disaster, the speed was really slow and they did not offer the drink service before meal. They just gave you a whole tray. It took one hour from I boarded the plane to I got my first drink. Also the taste of the meal was really bad. I would never spend money to buy their business class ticket.
 Taipei to Narita. This was an really disappointing flight. The meal was terrible, it looks really nice but the taste was really bad. Also the staff was lack of efficiency. The meal service go through very slow, the service was really bland. The dessert they offered was just a really small size Haagen-Dazs ice cream. I am so disappointing. Also the IFE system was a disaster, the speed was really slow and the interface was really not user friendly.
  Japan Airlines customer care team in Hong Kong is the worst, rude, no manner and helpless. When I book tickets via gotogate website, there was no field to put in middle name on the ticket. I called the Japan Airlines many times to help me to insert the middle names on the tickets for my family but they offered no helps, they said Airlines will refuse our entry at the airport and we have to paid very high fees to get new tickets, they charged us $390 to cancel each ticker plus fair different. Airlines ruined my family holidays trip.
  I flew JL773 on the return leg of the Melbourne - Tokyo Narita - Melbourne journey in September 2017. There was no queue at check-in, immigration was smooth and Narita T2 seemed a little quiet after the Passport Control. Upon arriving at Gate 84, it was even quieter, and boarding was orderly and strictly conducted according to oneworld membership tier and class of travel. JAL’s 788 V2 (SS8) has a generous 2-4-2 configuration in Economy, with 18.9” Seat Width and 33” Seat Pitch. The rear section has 88 seats, which easily composes a relaxed cabin ambience, especially when it was only one third full. IFE was sensitive to touch, sophisticated and loaded with international and classic titles. In-flight Wi-Fi service has three prices when paying by normal credit card, US$10.15 for 1 hour, US$14.40 for 3 hours and US$18.80 for 24 hours. If you are paying with a JAL Card, the prices are US$9.15, US$12.95 and US$16.80 respectively. Asked one Cabin Crew in particular a specific loading question, she was visibly annoyed. The Cabin Manager noticed the situation and personally came to apologise for the ‘service attitude’ and gave me a small present from the Captain. For the remainder of the journey, I received unprecedented and somewhat uncomfortable levels of pampering attentions from the crew members. Two meals were served after takeoff with five or six types of grain or chocolate made snacks readily available between meals. The first full meal was designed by JAL’s one of six RED U-35 Cooks, including Kazutoyo Inoue from Szechwan Restaurant Chen. The second proper meal ‘Air Yoshinoya’ came in the form of a bento box, which was served exactly two hours before touchdown. In-flight beverage list contains 10 types of Soft Drinks including the JAL Original Drink - SKY TIME “Kiwi”, and wine, beer, sake, whisky, gin, vodka, brandy and plum, a total of 8 varieties of Alcoholic Drinks. The actual flight took 09 hours and 54 minutes, travelled 8,377 km and reached the gate 34 minutes before the scheduled arrival.
  Tokyo Narita to Melbourne. Excellent business class seat and attentive service, Sat in 9C and you could not hear Premium Economy section. Son sat in 9A and loved the privacy of the window pod. Onboard WIFI the fastest and most reliable I have come across in the ski. Five star business class experience on-board. The First Class lounge in the Satellite area at Narita though was pretty basic. Would have been rated a 10 if the bed when flat was another couple of inches longer (note I am 6 foot 2 inches tall)
  Boston to Hong Kong via Tokyo. Really great service, however, long haul flights, the seating in business class is so uncomfortable. This was my first time flying JAL, and typically I would not write a review, but after clocking almost 40 hours on JAL in 1 week, I feel I need to point out the seating situation. Now for the price of biz class - its great, but after working for a few hours, a movie and dinner, it is almost impossible to get comfortable for a sleep. In fact, because of these seats, I left with severe cramping.  Again, the service was great. Very friendly, and they go out of there way to provide exceptional service, however, the seating needs some work.
  Tokyo Haneda to London. Flight was okay in business class on Boeing 777, not my chosen airline but paid for by client. I have used ANA on previous London/Tokyo trips and ANA are superior to Japan Airlines, they seem more international and staff are much nicer. Check in and lounge in Tokyo was efficient (lounge rather crowded), seat onboard Boeing 777 was comfortable, but cabin temperature was unbearably hot and stuffy (to suit Japanese passengers). Food was passable (again, well below ANA), inflight entertainment is poor. Clean cabin, poor washrooms (no amenities at all). I can see what ANA is 5-Star compared to Japan Airlines.
  Singapore to Tokyo Haneda. The flight was delayed for 30 minutes which was okay. When I was boarding, there was two flight attendants standing by the door to greet and apologise for the delay to the passengers. After take off, dinner was served. I would say Japan Airlines has a good selection of meals in economy class. The FAs on this flight was attentive and helpful. The IFE screen on my seat wasn't working, so the FA reseated me. Prior to landing, a Japanese style breakfast was served on board. It was delicious. Overall, I would say that this flight was awesome thanks to cabin crew. Good job.
 What an exceptional First Class Journey from stepping onboard to leaving the door. I was greeted at the door of the aircraft and ushered left to seat 1A. I was instantly served Salon 2006 Champagne and shortly afterwards offered leisure clothing of my size, and offered that opportunity to change into it before departure. The bathroom had a padded drop-down floor and seat so that you didn’t have to stand on the floor or toilet to change! Then all five staff working in First Class bowed and introduced themselves, and the Japanese 9-cousre menu started shortly after take-off. Many fine champagnes and sakis were offered and enjoyed, as well as the offer of the entire Japanese menu after mentioning that I had not tried many Japanese cuisines. As there were only two people occupying the 8-seat First Class cabin, the crew made up the suite opposite into a bed for me so I could sleep when it suited me. After about 3 hours of sleep they asked me if I wanted more food and drink. Nearing arrival, I was presented with a bag containing a Business Class amenity kit (having complimented them on the First Class Porsche Design kit, and they wanted me to have a Zero Halliburton one), some Japanese photos and two bottles of water for my onward journey. If only BA could provide anything near such perfection. JAL is wonderful and their premium product is perfection!!
  Frankfurt to Tokyo in business class. Seats were quite confortable although rather narrow for sleeping, and the cabin was overheated for non Japanese passengers, but staff don't seem to care. I have now flown this route with LH, ANA and Japan Airlines, and have to say that Japan Airlines are below standards of others. Cabin attendants speak very poor English (they have foreign CA), and the service is so slow and rather poor. I didn't expect them to be this poor, and a long way behind their rival ANA (who I will choose on next trip). 
  Fukuoka to Tokyo Haneda. I purchased the ticket on this flight with the Visit Japan Fare option, it allows you to travel within japan on a flat fare of $100 per person one way. The only condition is you must be a foreigner living outside Japan with a passport to prove it. A friendly welcome was provided and cabin interior was clean and modern. Seats were leather and slim, yet very comfortable. Flight was only about 90 minutes and we were given a choice of juice, coffee or tea; no sodas. I was the only tourist on the flight and the FA did not speak English, so she handed me a menu with english translations of what they had to offer. Great value for foreigners, although if you were to purchase the regular fare, it is much more expensive.
  Tokyo to Honolulu. This trip to Hawaii I splashed out on their premium economy. It is a great value considering the services provided. You get designated check-in, priority luggage check, and access to the Sakura Lounge at Narita. Because it was a late night flight, people like myself were eating full meals in the lounge in order to skip the late night dinner service onboard. Plenty to choose from: teriyaki chicken over rice, their famous beef curry over rice, dim sum, soup, sandwiches, and Thai curry were some of the choices. We also got a massage and a shower in before boarding the aircraft. Of course, people did eat on board, too, which consisted of a posh Tokyo "yoshoku" chain called Shiseido Parlour and while I didn't eat anything, the meals definitely looked better than your average economy meal. The seats are a little hard after 5 hours and the recline is the slide type which many people dislike, but since I can't sleep on planes anyway, it didn't bother me. There is ample space both in width and in leg room. The service is flawless. The AVOD was adequate. A smooth flight going over. Coming back, the 787 was even better. The toilet in economy with a washlet was a welcome treat. There were two babies traveling in the front row of premium and they were treated like kings! The older flight attendants doted over them the entire flight with special meals, chatting, games and toys, and of course bassinets. The power port at my seat didn't work, and the wifi on offer never seemed to either. I'm now a regular with JAL and I don't think I'll be changing anytime soon.
  Tokyo Haneda to Taipei. I usually fly premium or business, but since the flight was only 3 hours 40 minutes going down and 3 hours coming back, I decided to save money and fly economy. At Haneda, the economy check-in line was long but moved rather quickly. The staff were professional and it was running smoothly. The crew onboard were wonderful on both legs. The food was good quality. I'm XXL and legroom is usually a problem, but it wasn't so bad on this aircraft. However, the seats seem a bit low and there was blockage under the seat with AVOD boxes, so it wasn't really comfortable overall. The cushions were thin. The aircraft is a 787, but it must be one of the oldest! If you paid for a staggard, lie-flat bed in business, you'd be sorely disappointed as they are the old neo shell seats. The interior was not the great "wider seats" they advertise and the AVOD was rather limited. I think if you are Japanese (or are fluent in Japanese) you'd be happy, but it was a rather lame assortment of major Hollywood blockbuster features with few interesting selections. All in all, I had a pleasant and easy trip on JAL and I look forward to flying them in premium economy in the future.
  Busan to Sydney via Tokyo. Excellent customer service! I was 32 weeks pregnant at the time of travelling and without me asking for any assistance all the staff I encountered were genuinely hospital, diligent & attentive. The lady who helped me at the transfer desk in Narita airport led me to a seat so I could sit down while she processed my request. And cabin crew on board came and spoke to me at different times of the flight to ask how I was feeling and if I needed anything. As the flight wasn't full they also asked the lady next to me to move to the next seat over to give us both extra room - she was happy to oblige. At the end of the flight, I was given a little gift for my new baby which had some toys and also a little JAL model plane. The crew had written a personal message to me offering their congratulations with all the details of that days flight written on it - a lovely keepsake. The food is of a high standard for airline food and they presented a picture menu so you could make your decision more easily. The toilets were kept clean and well stocked. Overall  an excellent airline. This was my third long flight with JAL and each time the customer service has been excellent - which is a priority for me when flying.
  The very flight happened to be Japan Airlines 50th Anniversary of Tokyo-Kuala Lumpur route. I got my class of service upgraded from Economy to Premium Economy at the time of check in for nominal charges. The seats of the aircraft was very nice and the cabin was very clean. Some negative things to note. The food. The menu was introduced to have been developed by Naomi Iijima, a food "designer". I had a small bite of everything and none of them was acceptable. Though "designed" to look fancy, everything tasted terrible. I'd say "regular" meal that you'd expect on economy class by other airlines would be far better. Cabin Attendants English was not good. Very unclear and hard to understand. The attitude of CA towards passengers was not something that worth a compliment. Cabin Entertainment menu offered is quite limited. The flight arrived at KL and was greeted with water arch. At least that was a little fun.
 JAL continues to shine! This is not the first time I rode Japan Airlines but it never fails to impress. The cabin attendants from Tokyo to Dallas were all outstanding. They did not only smile but cared for every passenger genuinely. They paid close attention to details such as walking softly so as not to disturb passengers. Meals were elegant and plentiful. The seat has a lot of privacy and Japan Airlines further increased comfort by providing mattress. Overall a perfect flight again!
 Japan Airlines is top notch in every aspect, in particular its inflight catering and the hospitality from the cabin attendants. During the 4 hour flight from Hong Kong to Tokyo Haneda, all cabin attendants were very proactive in helping passengers. They did not only serve with smile but I could feel their passion in caring on every passenger and their attention to details. The aircraft was equipped with SkySuite III with excellent cabin condition, including lie flat seat and huge personal TV screen. Slippers and other amenities were provided. All ground staff in HKG were very professional and well trained. With high expectation before the flight, I could say my expectations were all fulfilled and the flight was perfect!
  This was an excellent flight from Paris CDG to Tokyo Narita. Compared to Premium Economy on some airlines, JAL seems to provide more space, with a hard but quite comfortable seat, a big table and entertainment screen, and a good legrest that really helped provide support. I can't usually sleep much on flights but on this one slept for around 5 hours. Food is standard economy (with a few extras such as champagne) but good in terms of both quantity and quality. The plane seemed new and was kept clean throughout, and there were useful extras such as mouthwash available in the toilets. I would definitely fly Japan Airlines again.
  Tokyo Narita to Moscow Domodedovo. The Japan Airlines Boeing 787 is a good aircraft for economy class and the best for economy seat. Food is good and it's of course Japanese food served. For a cabin crew service it's good. Overall it's good service from a 4-Star airline!
  Las Vegas to Tokyo return via Los Angeles. We thought she was going to fly JAL, and the JAL website advertised delicious looking Japanese food. After booking we found out that the flights were operated by American Airlines. No JAL good service and great food. The food on the flights was junk American Airlines food. Marginally edible. We feel ripped off and will never consider booking with Japan Airlines again.
  Frankfurt to Tokyo. This airline topped other airlines I have flown with before! Before my flight I had a few questions about my booking so I decided to email them. I was surprised that I got answer the following day! Same goes for the phonecall. I called since I had a codeshare ticket, and the online check-in did not work for me. I expected to be waiting on the line, and was so surprised when a very cheerful woman answered after a few seconds! It was my first long-haul solo flight and I felt a bit anxious. Without saying anything to the staff, they would check on me very often, making sure I was comfortable. The staff was very competent, and spoke Japanese, English, and German. The time on the flight to Tokyo passed very quickly thanks to the inflight entertainment. 
  Japan Airlines is excellent. First flight was from Osaka to Los Angeles. Solidly good with good departure and arrival time. Also flew from Narita to the Philippines and both experiences were above my expectations. I had arrived early at the airport and they let me choose my seat on the plane. The Japanese staff are world class! It was my first time flying across the Pacific and they made my flight very comfortable. The cabin crew were very attentive, helpful and accommodating. The food was good, there was no charge for liquor and the lavatory was fairly clean. Great selection of movies to pass the time. They could do better if they provided the inflight wifi service, but aside from that, definitely would fly with them again.
  
Both legs (Haneda-Bangkok, Bangkok-Haneda) were red-eye flights. The quality of catering was much better on the outbound flight (HND-BKK). However, there were no choices on both legs. I really think Japan Airlines should provide meal choices for their passengers. Service-wise, the crew on both flights (BKK-HND) were indifferent and not really friendly towards the passengers. There were Bangkok-based crew as well, and there is a big difference among the Bangkok-based crew. Some were really good but some were not so friendly.
  Japan Airlines from Hong Kong to Tokyo Narita in economy class. The attention to detail by its ground staff and cabin attendants was exceptional. There were both Hong Kong and Japan based cabin attendants and they were providing excellent service. The aircraft did not have the Sky Wider seats but the seats were still very comfortable for a regional flight. Quality of inflight meals was very good although there was no option. The cabin of Japan Airlines was very quiet which made the whole flight very enjoyable.
  Tokyo Narita to Sydney. Love everything about JAL. Service, seats, food but I cannot fly with them again as the cabin temperature is just too high. It was unbearable. It is something that Aussies always complain about i.e. Japanese aircraft are too warm. The result is a very unpleasant flight. I can't go through that again. Booking with Qantas next year.
  Shanghai to Kansai. I chose Japan Airlines because of its cheap ticket and the service was really good. Delicious food for a flight under two hours. A very comfortable seat which could help me have a good rest. IFE was enough for me. And the cabin crew were professional. Next time, I will put JAL into consideration if I take the flight between PVG and KIX again.
  Absolutely the best Tokyo to Sydney option. It does use Narita as opposed to Haneda, but JAL certainly makes up for the slight inconvenience due to the distance to the city. Firstly their fare is cheaper than Qantas, and even the Jetstar flight via the Gold Coast. Secondly their luggage allowance is more generous (23kg x 2 check-in) so it was a nice surprise to be able to relax at the airport baggage-free. Thirdly their staff, both ground and air, were so competent. They were efficient and knew not to disturb you unnecessarily, while keeping the signature Japanese Omotenashi mind. Also they serve you plenty of drinks and quality food, with warm breakfast. I did think the flavour was too much to the Japanese liking (e.g. they served rice-featured breakfast and no other options, if I'm not mistaken), but it was one of the best economy class meals around.  could not stress more how wonderful the spaciousness of the "JAL Sky Wider" seat arrangement was.  The only complaint is the range of movies and TV shows shown. Qantas offers more alternatives than JAL and ANA's typical blockbusters and Friends. Overall, JAL will be my chosen option in the future for this route, unless Qantas lowers their price, as I'm their FF member. 
  Singapore to Tokyo Haneda in October. Seat pitch and leg room was very good with much space to stretch out. The flight was operated by a Boeing 767-300ER with seats in a 2-3-2 layout.  Seat recline was good. Breakfast was served on this sector and was a breakfast soup which was surprisingly filling. Cabin staff were polite and attentive. IFE was very good and responsive. The large IFE screen was very clear and modern. Prices were lower than ANA and Singapore Airlines.
 Sapporo to London Heathrow via Tokyo Haneda with Japan Airlines. Incredible crew, nice and helpful. International and Japanese food better than BA with metal cutlery in economy class. Free snacks in economy - simple, but better than nothing. Seats on longhaul flights have a lot of knee space with cool canvas seats, very good customizable headrests with foldable sides, so you can fix your head when sleeping - good pillows - entertainment system about the same quality, but maybe BA had more choice. Domestic flight with B777-200 - configuration 3-4-3. JAL looks more tailored to Japanese customers - they have all major japanese beers - Asahi, Sapporo, Kirin etc. Very pleasant experience even on a full flights - combination of good seats, good food, and good crew.
  By far the best economy trip I have taken. We fly economy for vacation trips, which this was. Although I chose Japan Airlines for our trip to Japan and Hong Kong because we had heard that the service and food on this airline were excellent, we were not expecting much. My frame of reference was the routine abuse perpetrated on economy passengers by U.S. airlines. I could not have been more pleasantly surprised - and quite frankly shocked - by the great experience we had on Japan Airlines. The service was just excellent. Courteous, attentive cabin crews, genuinely interested in the comfort and care of passengers. Need some assistance by turning on the cabin attendant light? A cabin crew member will rush over to see what you need. Plenty of good food and beverages served throughout the flight. Think you're thirsty? Well, a cabin attendant just happens to walk by with juice or water. The economy seats we had were very comfortable, even for the long journeys we had. The 787 is a wonderful airplane to fly in. Perhaps it may seem like I am gushing here, but compared to the torture of U.S. airlines, it was nirvana. If I return to the Far East again, this is the airline I am going to use.
  Chicago to Tokyo Narita. I had never flown with Japan Airlines before, so my first impression was very positive. Very attentive, gracious and courteous crew, as well as the ground crew.  Drinks and food were substantial. Snacks and water were available throughout the flight. In-flight entertainment was adequate.  
 Tokyo Haneda to Singapore. Highly impressed with my first flight with Japan Airlines in a few years. Ground staff were attentive and genuine which set a nice first impression. Seating was comfortable on Boeing 767 window seat with sufficient leg room. Midnight departure meant a small snack and drink after take off, beer was served ice cold, a big plus! Enjoyed the entertainment system though range not as diverse as other airlines. Breakfast served 2.5 hours before landing, quite tasty with tea and coffee plentiful. Friendly service with a smile, look forward to my next flight with Japan Airlines!
 Shanghai to San Diego via Tokyo. Everything you read ranks Japan Airlines at the top, so I decided to try them as the last leg of a OneWorld round the world trip. Also, I could fly into my hometown of San Diego rather than the usual grind of landing in LA and driving south. From the start, I had high expectations that were never quite met. The flight from Shanghai to Tokyo was short and unmemorable which is interesting, because I always enjoy the Shanghai to Tokyo flight on ANA. I had higher hopes for the Tokyo - San Diego flight based not the least on the airframe, the B787 Dreamliner. This is my favorite plane. I typically try to exclusively fly this if possible due to the reduce noise, lower pressurization and, typically, newer configured cabins. For JAL, the latter was a huge let down. Not that the cabin was old. It was very new, but the seats were the reclining type, not the lay-flat and in today's business class, that is simply not competitive for a 12 hour flight. Outside of the seat's limited recline, the overall pod was comfortable with storage in all the right places. The entertainment system was also very good. Overall, it was a comfortable seating area, but with no lay-flat, when it was time to sleep, JAL failed. While I was awake, though, the service was excellent. The attendants were attentive and professional and were always around to help. The food was very good, as well. I can see why JAL is rated well as an airline, but the absence of lay-flat seats will put them out of the running for me as a carrier. It is too bad, as I frequently fly to China from San Diego and JAL would be hugely convenient.
  Red eye flight from Haneda to Bangkok with Japan Airlines. Boarding was speedy and efficient. After take-off, light snack, bread, and drinks were offered. A bottle of mineral water was offered to each passenger too. However, unlike other carriers, the flight attendants did not go around with drinks. There was only one choice for breakfast but it was great.
 Tokyo to Beijing with Japan Airlines. Good flight, on time, clean cabin on the 787 Dreamliner, my first flight on this acclaimed aircraft. The notable innovation is the window shade is electronically block out/open. Meal is OK, nothing special, but very Japanese. Staff service attitude is good but their language ability is limited. Even airport custom officers do not really speak English. An efficient and satisfactory flight.
 As this flight leaves Singapore after 1am there is no meal served after take off. In fact it was difficult to even get a drink. Whilst the flat beds are relatively comfortable they are also very narrow. The choice of breakfast served before arrival in Haneda was either Japanese or western. I opted for the western but the meal bore no resemblance whatsoever to a western breakfast and was mostly inedible. The overall service level was average at best. For the return flight to Singapore we flew from Narita but as in the same flight taken earlier this year the plane was almost an hour late in departing due to heavy traffic around 6pm. Passengers should also be reminded that the walk from the JAL lounge is around 15 minutes as the gate used for this flight is the furthest away on the particular pier that's used. The flight itself was acceptable although the food selection is not great. Moreover my wife was served half an before me even though our food order was taken at the same time. All in all not a great experience so next time we visit Japan we will be giving JAL a miss.
  Frankfurt to Seoul via Tokyo. I've been flying a lot lately (among many others including Lufthansa, Qatar and Emirates) and I've always been switching airlines. I've finally found my favorite. It's Japan Airlines. From ground service to in-flight to after flight. They were not only extremely friendly, quick and punctual, the seats were comfortable the crew had some humor, the entertainment system was easy to use (no annoying pressing 100 times until the movie plays) and the window brightness could be regulated which was an amazing alternative to the blinds in case one wants to sleep but the other wants to enjoy the view. Controllable sunglasses for the window - first time I saw that. Also they served some nice and good food including Milka chocolate, ice cream from Häagen Dasz and a "Bauer" yoghurt. We all know these are great brands. The service couldn't be better - and always a smile on their face, which makes you feel even better while travelling. The poor English didn't bother me at all. It was enough for the important things. They even had a German native speaker on board.
  Beijing to Tokyo was a good flight, on time. Morning 8am flight but served hot beef rice that is good. Cabin service great though the cabin staff speak little English. Have not flown JAL for a long time and it was a happy return. The Boeing 787 aircraft has innovations such as a blacking out window shade. Will use JAL on the same route again.
  A good flight as I was 'semi-upgraded', a practice new to me as I am installed in a Business seat while served an Economy meal. A clever idea of JAL: the EY cabin was full and they opened the second half of Business cabin for upgrading while not offering Business service. My ticket was a CX redemption and I got the good treatment as a Sapphire member. The seat is of course comfortable and the new aircraft is great. The EY meal is also great, having Japanese style beef rice for breakfast on a 8am flight. Service attitude was good though JAL staff do not really speak English (worse than their Chinese airline counterpart). On time arrival. Have not flown JAL for a long time and this flight makes me a return customer in future. Also my first flight on a 787-8, a truly 'Dream Liner'. Will return.
  Flew Haneda to Sapporo CTS. Poor check-in staff who did not speak English. Very new passenger terminal with extremely efficient services at Haneda Domestic Terminal. Very spacious seats on JL. Only drinks was served during flight, the norm for all domestic flights in Japan. Small terminal at Sapporo CTS which resulted in crowded baggage reclaim areas. Slow baggage reclaim by Japanese standards, but still got my bags within 25 minutes of getting off the plane.
  Flew Japan Airlines from Hakodate HKD to Osaka Itami ITM. Small yet organised airport at Hakodate, with efficient check-in staff who speaks English. Friendly cabin crew and captain, who made special announcements about various landscape viewpoints during the flight, complimented by cabin crews handing out leaflets about famous local produces of areas that our plane flew above. Only drinks was served, without meals. Very efficient baggage services at Itami.
  I flew from Osaka to Sapporo with JAL, the staff fluent in English and understandable. Everything perfect except free Wi-FI on board that never worked. JAL was extremely user-minded and friendly. A pleasant surprise. 
  Red-eye flight from Hanoi to Narita. Boarding was very efficient and the aircraft was ready for departure within 15 minutes. After take off, drinks service commenced and the cabin light was dimmed. Two hours before landing, breakfast service started. Unlike the previous inbound flight, I felt that the service this time was rushed and disorganized. There was no option for breakfast and the food this time is of a much lower standard compared to the inbound flight.
  Takamatsu to Tokyo Haneda. The flight was the last flight of the evening on August 11, the start of the summer (obon) holiday season in Japan. Unfortunately the flight was delayed by over an hour but the ground staff was very apologetic and helpful. The cabin crew looked very worried that people would be angry as the announcement was made in the terminal but they were very courteous during the flight and did their best to keep us happy for the flight to Tokyo. I couldn't fully understand the announcement (in Japanese) of the delay at the gate so I asked the ground staff to confirm my thoughts. They apologized many times for the delay as well as for speaking too fast for me to understand everything they said during the official announcement. I did understand them for the most part but needed to confirm the information. The ground staff was very courteous and helpful. Great service for a stressful time by the ground crew and cabin crew.
  Tokyo Narita to Hanoi. Boarding was orderly and efficient. Due to air traffic congestion in Narita, we departed late.However, we managed to land on time. The crew were polite and efficient. The seat was really comfortable and the IFE were really great. Food was really tasty too. However, the aircraft was a little warm throughout the flight. Overall, a great flight with Japan Airlines.
  Overall the flight with Japan Airlines from Hong Kong to Tokyo Narita was pleasant and comfortable. The aircraft is a newly-bought Boeing 787-8. I was assigned the last row so could recline the seat anytime during the flight. The in-flight entertainment system was worth giving a thumbs-up. The movies were up to date and it ran smoothly. The flight attendants were all professional. They kept walking around, providing assistance as well as giving quick responses to passengers' needs. During the meal service, they were excellent in switching their channels when asking passengers' preferences.
  Delhi to Tokyo. Good seat and inflight entertainment, I could sleep well and enjoyed movies and music very much. Bad was the meal - Prawns for dinner was very salty. Though it takes about 10-11 hours from Delhi to Tokyo, JAL gives downgraded meal service compared with flight to America, Europe and Australia.
  Japan Airlines from Taipei to Los Angeles via Kansai return. It might not have the best inflight entertainment or the best economy seat but cabin attendants were top notch. They were professional and efficient with great attention to detail. They walked around the cabin handing out drinks during the flight. I had the best inflight meal I have had.
  Tokyo to Frankfurt. They ran out of Japanese food and all breakfast options on Business Class. I had pot noodle for breakfast on Business Class. I was offered a bottle of sake on plane but they do not stock resealable bags on board, so could not accept this due to connecting flight and airport security, they did not offer to post it to my home address. On outbound flight they did not place us sitting together even though booked under one reference and requested to sit together a month in advance of travel, had to complain at the gate in order to get seats assigned together. After complaining after experience, Japan Airlines did not offer any apology, so would not recommend based on overall service, food and seating arrangements.

  San Diego to Fukuoka via Tokyo Narita with Japan Airlines. Outstanding service and very professional. Brand new Boeing 787  - and my flight was before the new "larger" economy seats (but, the older 787 economy seats were still very comfortable for the SAN to NRT journey). Onboard flight crew were attentive and met any requests with a smile (and a bow). Food was outstanding (by economy standards). Flying to Japan out of San Diego is so much easier than LAX or SFO.
  San Francisco to Kuala Lumpur via Tokyo Haneda. We had to change airports in Tokyo but it was worth it for the ticket price because they have reliable and not too expensive bus service between airports. Overall, flying with JAL was a good experience. The legroom in economy class was plentiful and the seats were comfortable. Flight attendant service was good as well and there was a decent selection of movies to watch on seat back monitors. My complaint is that the food on flights between SF to Tokyo didn't seem adequate for a 10 hour flight, which is long. They provided 1 full meal and 1 little dinky (tiny!) sandwich with no condiments, so remember to bring snacks. The lack of condiments on the sandwich and the fact that it was cold made it extremely dry and barely edible. On the other hand, the full meal they served were good, my only complaint being that they did not heat up the bread rolls. I've flown on many trans pacific flights between the US and Asia with other airlines and they have always provided 2 full meals. But as a whole, the JAL flying experience was quite nice and I wouldn't hesitate to fly with them again. Bonus points for the fancy bidets found in Japanese airports.
  Ticket purchased online with Japan Airlines. Process is easy and allows check-in up to 72 hours prior to scheduled departure. Check-in at airport was quick and efficient, staff helpful and friendly. Flight from Sydney to Narita departed early, as all passengers and crew were ready to embark. Wi-fi only available gratis in Business or First Class, or for a charge if you are in Premium Economy or Economy providing you have an account with JAL. Catering was of a good standard, with reasonable selection of food, drinks and snacks. Flight was smooth, with pleasant climate maintained inside the aircraft. Arrival was ahead of schedule and disembarkation was well organised. Overall, having experienced Premium Economy (PE) with CX, I found the JAL PE to be sub-standard. Apart from the PE seats in JAL and a separate check-in counter, the catering, baggage allowance, etc.. is exactly the same as Economy. Considering the new Economy seats in JAL, I believe Economy is much better value for money. Maybe CX PE experience has spoiled me!


  Tokyo Narita to Sydney. My first issue arose when attempting to check-in online within the prescribed period. The JAL system would not allow me to complete check-in, advising I had to contact my travel agent. This was bizarre, as my ticket was purchased from JAL direct! At Narita Airport I was directed to the Premium Economy check-in. When I presented myself at the counter to which I was directed, the staff  told me they were closed, and took me to another counter which was also closed! Staff subsequently turned up and completed my check-in, however, the check-in process was disorganised. Flight departed on schedule. Food quality was of a poor standard. I had expected better from JAL when departing from their home base. I had also expected to find some typical Japanese dishes on the menu, but they were absent. Flight was not comfortable, as the crew had the climate turned up and it was way too hot and made it too uncomfortable to sleep. Most passengers in PE were visibily hot, as people removed all but necessary clothing and didn't use the aircraft blankets - requests for reduction in cabin temperature were ignored. Initially I presumed that to acclimatise us to the colder weather in Sydney they would reduce cabin temperature as we approached Sydney, the ambient temperature in Sydney being 6C. However, this was not the case. I was still sweating when I left the terminal and went into the open air. Flight arrived on schedule, however, disembarkation was very slow to be implemented and seemed disorganised. I understand that First and Business Class have priority, however, there was a long delay to allow others to disembark after all the First and Business class passengers had long since disappeared into the terminal. Overall, not a pleasant experience on this flight with JAL. On the basis of this flight, I could not recommend JAL to others.
  Bangkok to Haneda with Japan Airlines. Lounge was packed prior to the 09:45 departure to Haneda. Business class forward cabin looked cramped, although fresh and spotless. 7-across angle-flat seating is surely now outdated and was not very comfortable, especially with the seat itself being quite hard. Not really a problem for a daytime flight, but I would be very unhappy to find this layout on the inward overnight flight. Reasonable IFE selection but small screen. My main complaint is the lunch service. With limited main course selection taken at take-off and the first course not delivered until an hour later, you'd think the service from then on would be relatively speedy. Not so! A full 40-minute wait between the first two courses is quite unforgivable, the more so when I had to return my steak as it was not even lukewarm! Thereafter the flight was uneventful, although it was all but impossible to hear the cabin service announcements. Departed on time and arrived 10 minutes early.
  Bangkok to Los Angeles via Kansai. Another flawless performance by Japan Airlines. Check in was quick and easy, because of their competence and the Boeing 787 is a relatively small airplane, but which still gives economy passengers generous room. The staff were competent and polite and the flight was as pleasant as a flight that long could be. All 4 flights were on time and planes were spotless. There was a wide variety of entertainment on the flight, though I could not find anything I wanted to watch.
  Sydney to Frankfurt via Tokyo Narita. Exceptional service and a very comfortable lie flat seat made the journey to Europe a pleasure. Friendly flight attendants, generous meals and attentive ground service makes it easy to choose Japan Airlines. Whilst the inflight entertainment definitely has a Japanese focus, there is more than enough to choose from and the variety of programs has increased since last year. Am travelling again to Frankfurt in June with Japan Airlines.
  I had one of the most pleasant flying experience with Japan Airlines from New York JFK to Tokyo Narita. I had heard about their Boeing 777 Sky Wider Economy seating, with only 9 abreast (opposed to commonly used 10 abreast) and a generous seat width and pitch, plus some other nice features. I always wondered if an inch or two here or there really count. I was wrong. It does matter and with one less seat in a row, made an enormous difference on this 13+ hours flight. A pre-meal drink service was followed by a 7 dish lunch, including miso soup and ice cream. Another meal was served before landing. What set them apart was the staff who were caring, polite and courteous. The kind of service which is becoming rare or found only in premium cabins. They made numerous rounds with drinks during the flight. I saw them caring for babies and observed one of the crew making an origami for them in the galley. Entertainment system was adequate with high quality screen displays. Announcements in English could be clearer. My Oneworld Sapphire status (AA Platinum) was fully acknowledged at the check-in counter and other ground services.
  Singapore to Los Angeles via Tokyo, and I am very impressed by Japan Airlines. The service and food were good, leg room was sufficient, and seats were one of the most comfortable I have sat on. Though the variety of entertainment was not great, it was sufficient for the long haul flight that I was on.
  Have flown 4 sectors with JAL this last month, Hong Kong to Haneda, Haneda to San Francisco, Vancouver to Narita and Narita to Hong Kong. All four sectors were excellent: attentive and friendly service, new planes, fantastic food, good entertainment, not excessive announcements, comfortable seats. Best was the genuine, caring and friendly service from all crew member. I will definitely choose JAL again for long haul flights if they fly the route that I am flying.
