  At least 4 inches more legroom in economy class than most other airlines I've flown. It makes such a big difference in terms of comfort and it's not something for which they charge more. With that much legroom, it doesn't matter if the passenger in front of you fully reclines. A lot of movie selections on the entertainment system and the food and service was good quality. However, I would recommend that if you are vegetarian that you place the meal request prior to flying because I saw two meal servings that had no non-meat options. The 14 hours of the flight went by faster than I expected.
 During my travel from Seoul to New Delhi on Flight KE 497 on 2nd December 2023, I had a very pleasant experience due to excellent service provided by crew namely Choi, Kim and Yun. They made every effort to provide comfort by ensuring our requirement of special meals during the flight. Their smiling faces during service is commendable. I wish the crew a bright future in the airline.
 Having flown KE several times now, I found the experience from start to finish quite predictable. Their Y product is definitely above average and surpasses most of the competition with good meals, generous leg room and great inflight customer service. There was a downside to this trip however. My seat became defective as the recline lever wouldn’t return the seat back to its upright position, but kept reclining. The steward attempted to rectify it, but the problem only repeated once I reclined after meal service. Moreover, KAL’s AVOD system isn’t my favorite as the selections are limited and feels oriented primarily for a Korean audience. All in all, it was a solid experience and I’d fly again if the price Is right.
  Really great experience.  Really good food, more legroom on average, and great flight attendants. They give you a lot of goodies for comfort on international flights. Only thing that isn’t great is their website.
 Absolutely horrible customer service. Unable to book a seat with my family even though there are seats available. They would not let me select a seat even if I upgraded. Try to correct weeks before the flight and did not help.
  I and my husband travelled back home from Seoul to London with Korean Air. I was unwell and the air hostesses treated me with such kindness it was so comforting to me as I was in a lot of pain. Kim was especially kind and kept on giving me my hot water bottle. Kim was the perfect airhostess as she was so helpful and courteous a true asset to Korean Air. Thank you Kim for making my long 14 hour flight more bearable.
  No courtesy to passengers. Flight was delayed by 4 hours so I missed my connecting flight with the same airline. Rebooked to a flight 11 hours from original flight. Asked for hotel accommodation and compensation. They said they are not responsible for the delay, so they won’t provide hotel or compensation. Assuming they’re not responsible, they should extend some courtesy or apologize and offer some comfort to passengers like me who had to wait 10 hours for my connecting flight. Rude, unapologetic. Terrible service.
 Very satisfied with the overall experience. Airfares include checked baggage, which makes the cost of flying direct only marginally more expensive than flying via a hub in continental Europe or the Middle East. Ground and in-flight service good. Food reasonably good, but how can Korean Air run out of Bibimbap? The above average legroom of 84cm in Economy is much appreciated by this 185cm tall man, so much more comfortable than Lufthansa's pathetic 79cm. But I hate reclining seats and feel they should be banned by IATA.
  The service by the flight attendants was ok, but for a layover of 22 hours while offering nothing to accommodate the customer, this is very bad policy by Korean Air. Even if transit hotel was not offered, at least offer a meal, pillow, blanket etc.. I wasn't even allowed to take the pillow and/or blanket from the flight to use at the nap zone area. The jet lag from the flight afterwards was devastating.
 Korean Air is a national flag carrier in 2023 that is still not offering WiFi for long haul routes. As a businessman this was an astronomical inconvenience as the flight was 11 hours long! Compared to airlines such as Emirates Korean Air's aircraft, interiors and quality of service is very shabby and below par. Just because it's Korean doesn't mean it's better. Their national airlines are oddly much worse than all of their other forms of public transportation.
 This was a short one-hour flight. My original flight was delayed by an hour so I appreciated the option to opt for an earlier one at no charge. Here were the goods to this experience: check-in was easy, quick and no hassle and the A220 plane used was new and clean. The downside had to do with the boarding process as it wasn’t smooth due to the apparent lack of any procedure and order to the process. Boarding by zones and elite status was not honored despite SkyTeam rules, which KE is a founder. Also, antithetical to a routine domestic flight onboard, there was no beverage service offered likely due to some mild turbulence. In summary, it was a good flight that got me there relatively on time for me to make my connecting flight. If the price is right, I’d fly them again.
 Five stars for service and friendliness. The check-in area and aircraft were spotless but could have used some Asian flair and colour. The best part about the airline is its inexpensive and easy-to-pay excess baggage rates.
 The Korean Air service improved from about 70% satisfaction to 99% for me. The flight attendants were super polite and calm in every aspect of my flights. Their service was great and whatever the orders in whatever the time, it was fulfilled without any hesitation from them.
  I am traveling with 12 people and we have already reserved our seat. We planned out who is sitting where on the plane because we have 3 little kids with us and we wanted to make sure they are comfortable on the 6 hours flight. When did check again for our seat an hour before going to the airport and everything was the same. But, when we got to the airport during our luggage check-in, they told use that our seats have been changed. Our group of 12 people were scattered around the airplane. It was so difficult for my 3 and 5 year old to seat during the flight because we did not get the window seat that we reserved. We did ask people to switch but they did not want to switch. This is so horrible. Did not like how they switched up on us at the last minute.
  We were very impressed with Korean Air. We travelled business class. The staff were extremely courteous, friendly and helpful. The food was good and the fully flat layback seats and seating area had all of the essentials. Some of the entertainment options were a bit limited, but we didn't mind as just like to relax and read. If I was going to be really picky I could say the seats/bed could be softer. However, the staff more than make up for any small issues. I would definitely travel Korean Air again.
  Great accommodation for economy class. Food was filling, of quality ingredients, presented well. My flight was made Comfortable with the flight essentials provided. Korean brand is visible from the staff to the plane's design. I'll try to do the Free Culture Tour next time. 
 The crew was so friendly and nice. The food was amazing and the seat was comfortable. I loved their Bibimbap and their side dishes. My favorite part of the seat was how much privacy you had
 I enjoy flying with this airline and would choose them when I can. Inflight crew: kind and friendly. Plane: clean, new, well taken care of. Food: not bad. Entertainment: they could use an expansion of the latest releases.
  I was in Prestige Class on the Boeing 777. KE has the latest cabin product - the Apex Suites installed in their B777-300ER aircraft. The cabin configuration is 2-2-2 but every seat has aisle access. Those seated at the window can access the aisle via a narrow passage so that he doesn’t need to disturb the aisle seat passenger. As it was a red eye flight, the meal service was breakfast. I choose the Korean style breakfast of congee with condiments. The seat was wide and comfortable and fully reclining. There was a privacy divider between seats which you can use if your neighbour is a stranger. The cabin crew were efficient and friendly. At the end of the flight, the cabin manager came around to ask each Prestige Class passenger whether he enjoyed the flight. I have to point out some lapses in service which I hope that KE can address. Before landing, cabin crew did not go around to ensure that passengers lifted up the window shades. There was no way for non-Korean citizens to pre-order and pay for duty-free items for collection on board. I had to contact Sky Shop via Kakao messenger to place the order and make payment on board. I believe that this is something that KE should seriously look into as KE is an international company.  There was no welcome PA from the flight deck and no announcement on the flight plan and route unlike other airlines. It was only after landing at ICN that a cabin crew made an announcement. I believe that passengers want to hear from the flight deck.
  
This is the third time I have used Korean for my transpacific flight. I just want to say that for economy class the extra inch or so of leg room they have is such a comfort compared to other airlines that ply the same route. The service is stellar and the meals are fairly good as well.
 Prestige Class - that got me wondering so I called to hear what that covered and was told that it was equivalent to business, and as you can see on the Korean Air app, they have Economy, Prestige and First Class; it made sense. Wrong. The first long leg from Amsterdam to Incheon (Korea) was fine; own cabin, flat bed - 12 hours went fine. Food good and service OK. Annoying with face masks - only airline I’ve had to wear it for the last year or more. Next leg; Incheon to Auckland I was apparently downgraded to lower class. Prestige is not just prestige; you have to be sure that you have Prestige Suites all the way, because now I had a wide leaning chair, that was too narrow and too short to really rest well - and it didn’t go flat. Even worse; during the little sleep I managed to get, I was woken up twice by the stewardess, because my face mask was not positioned right? Arriving to New Zealand, tired after 30 hours of transportation, I saw that one of my bags (with priority tag on) was wrapped in plastic. Destroyed. In line with luggage service (after spending 1,5 hours in passport line), but finally got the document proving my bag was destroyed. They didn’t have a replacement like mine. Now after spending time again and again on mail, I still haven’t been compensated as they will only pay part of what my bag is worth and only against a receipt, that I don’t have. Prestige class? I don’t think so. Flying Korean Air again? I am sure I won’t.
  The airport was clean and fresh, the ground service is nice and boarding is easy & welcoming. Food and beverages are delicious and fresh, and the pillow and blanket included on the seats are comfortable. Entertainment is a bit outdated, no close captions for English. The flight attendants do not fulfill requests sometimes.
  I have to sing my praises for the ground crew at Korean Air as they really bent the rules to get me on this flight. I misjudged the travel time to the airport as ICN is super far from the city and arrived only 25 minutes prior to departure, which should of precluded the staff to allow me onboard my flight (other airlines would usually turn a blind eye). The gentlemen at the counter worked with earnest to process my documents and speedily get me through security. This positive experience continued at the boarding gate where the gate agents greeted me with a warm welcome and forgiveness despite my late arrival possibly causing the flight to be on the brink of delay. The onboard experience was predictable in a good way as I was able to rely on the consistent service that Korean Air offers irrespective of which route or plane I fly - friendly and accommodating flight attendants, good food, mediocre entertainment and time efficiency. I watched a few flicks, requested an onslaught of snacks and beverages and felt gratitude for the generosity in the ground service I received from start to finish while I looked at the dusk of day through my window seat.
  Economy seat was wider compared with other airlines, legroom was bigger - the person sitting in front of me reclined her seat but it was tolerable. Food was excellent: they served bibimbap; scrambled eggs for breakfast were soft and fluffy (really nice). You can ask for snacks such as peanuts and instant noodles (Shin ramen, which can be too spicy for some people). As in most airlines, if you want soda, they do not give you the entire can, but they do give you an entire beer can though. The cabin was clean, and the flight attendants keep the toilets clean during the flight. Not too many choices of films and TV shows but it was not a deal-breaker for me; use your earphones (with one jack) instead of the usual scratchy headphones they give out in most airlines. KAL requires the use of face masks throughout the flight but does not announce this before you board - they should; they do provide face masks to those who did not bring any but it's less of a hassle if passengers knew this requirement during booking or at least during check-in. I was happy enough with this flight and will book with KAL in future.
  Just completed a flight from LA to Incheon and it was excellent. Korean Air's strong points are its catering, leg room in economy and in flight service. The bibimbbap I had was super good and you get to enjoy it on nice Korean Air silverware. There's also Shin ramen for those who would like to enjoy a mid flight snack. I also have to give a shout out to the hardworking cabin crew that were vigilant about anticipating pax needs and for defining great hospitality. This other point may not be all that relevant for most, but I found their inflight magazine to be top notch! Not riddled with useless advertisements and boring content, but with excellent editorial pictures of destinations and useful travel tips. Conversely, this is really minor, but compared to major global carriers, the lack of entertainment choices and Wi-Fi is the airlines weak point. Still got to watch a few good flicks though. Overall, an impressive airline where the 13 hours just flew by!
 Non existent customer service. Had flight changed with misleading email titled seat change not flight change emails. Original flight was couple of hours layover in Incheon from Auckland, changed to 23 hour layover with no accommodation given just the lounge, seated separately from my pregnant partner on the flight, worse customer service. Better look for better airlines if you’re flying around Asia, better off with Air NZ or Singapore Air.
 Very good flight. Check in and boarding very organized and with a lot of courtesy by the crew. In flight services very efficient, with the crew making sure safety requirements were met by all passengers and high level of attention to provide meals and beverages. In particular I appreciated the services and help I received for some additional requests I had. I definitely recommend this airline.
 Very poor customer service. Inflexible refund policy of $400 to cancel due to surgery. Kept on hold over one hour. The service reps were polite but kept saying the exact same thing over and over - were obviously reading a script. Will fly Air Canada and deal with Air Canada staff.
  Service was consistent throughout the entire trip. Staff is kind at all times (ticketing, in-flight). The plane was nice and clean. They also served meal during this short trip.
  Smooth efficient (and friendly) check-in. Was first time with them and was impressed with the spacious cabin and the good seat-pitch on this red-eye flight. Before landing generous breakfast was served. Very polite and friendly crew.
  I flew with my girlfriend with 2 carry-ons and 2 checked bags each. We expected to pay $100 for each of our second checked bags because that's what the website says. However, we found out while checking the bags that they only allow 10kg per carry on bag.  So we ended up having to pay and extra $200 each (on top of the expected $100 each) to check our second carry-on bags since they were both over 10kg. I have never had an airline weigh my carry-ons before. We gave them our credit cards and then once they checked our bags, they told us we had to go to a different counter to pick up our cards. We went there and proceeded to wait for 45 minutes while they tried to charge our cards. There was no one waiting in front of us. It literally took them 4 staff members and 45 minutes to swipe 2 credit cards. They finally told us they would waive one of the $200 charges. We gladly accepted this and left to board. I found out later that they did actually charge us that $200 even though they said they wouldn't. I called Korean Air customer support about this and they told me I had to call a different number because the flight was partnered with Delta. The woman told me the number would work even though I am international. I called that number and it didn't go through even though I used the correct country code. I know they blocked me because the same phone number still works from my girlfriend's phone. Absolutely horrible. The flight attendants woke my girlfriend up to tell her to raise her seat during meal time. They also woke me up to ask if I wanted a meal on our second flight which was only 3.5 hours. It was already half-way through the flight. Don't wake your passengers for such silly reasons. Falling asleep on a flight is already difficult enough.
  No alcohol served to prevent spread of COVID. Yet duty free sales and gifts were fine. Items being given, credit cards and credit machines handled along with receipts. Poor reducing customer service using COVID as an excuse.
 Seoul to Jeju. It was awesome. The check in area in Gimpo was busy as usual but crew were very nice and friendly. Seats were comfortable. There were separate entertainment screens but we could only use it on international flights. The flight was on schedule. Overall it was great for a 1 hour flight!
  Recently flew from Phnom Penh to Washington via Seoul, in their "Prestige Class" (joined First and Business into one), the flight from Phnom Penh to Seoul, was approx 5 hours and none eventful (Slept most of the way), the flight from Seoul to Washington was a nice flight overall with one of the smoothest landing I have had in a number of years, well done captain. The crew is a different story, they have a preset menu, that includes steak, after ordering the steak medium rare (I understand English is a secondary language, but it took an effort to order including having to point at the menu for the item). Approx 10 min later they came back and told me that they had run out and I needed to order something else, a bit annoyed but I complied, I was in row 9, after the flight speaking with one of my traveling companions, the did the same thing to him and he was up in row 5 or 6. I had red wine with dinner, when the meal was complete my tray top was cleared, without even the offer of a refill on the wine, however I did notice that on the far side of the cabin they were walking up and down offer to that side. I know I could have requested a refill, but when you are paying full fare for round trip tickets (close to $12K) you shouldn't have too. If an item is offered on the menu, it should be available.
  I would like to thank Korean Air for providing me safe flight to meet my husband in LA. However, I’m very disappointed with cabin crew from Incheon airport to LA. I am a mother traveling with two girls. A 5 years old girl with slide behavior problems and a 2 and half years old girl. In the beginning of the flight itself one cabin crew with short hair came to instructed me to wear face mask for my babies. I did all the ways and try my best to put face mask on them as I also scare of the spreading to my little angels. (I am vaccinated and wear face mask in my entire flight). 11 hours flight 3 cabin crew came to wake me up to put face mask on my sleeping girls. I couldn’t count but 11 hours I couldn’t take even an hour rest. Before this flight I just take 5 hours flight from PP and layover almost 13 hours. I was extremely exhausted and couldn’t rest at all. The short hair cabin crew rudely tell me, it is my responsibility as a mother to make them wear face mask all the way, otherwise she would report to the police officer in the US that I break the law since US require child 2 years plus to put on face mask. I told her, I have tried but children feel uncomfortable and removed and screaming and crying.  She told this is her duty to make my children wear face mask, I told her I completely understand her but what can I do if they scream and pulling it out each time I put it on. I told her I need rest please. I begged her to try to understand my situation but 3 of them didn’t let me rest at all. They try to read US law to my babies and took video of that, that the worst part I couldn’t bare. Finally we arrived the US pot, yes two police officers were waiting for us, I couldn’t go to the immigration check. Another Korean lady read what the cabin crew have note to the US officer, she even reported that my girl kick the front seat and trying to push and punched her.  2 police officer only asking, if the mother wear face mask, they say yes. Yes I did. Than they said what the problem. I can see their facial expression after hearing what such heartless carbine crew report. They have no problem at all because they understood that they are small kids. She was not satisfied, in between she came and complaining that my girl show violence on her. I told her I am sorry for her misbehavior but she was not even touch her.  Then she look a bit ashamed and no words to say. I don’t blame the company but I blame to cabin crew who is heartless and stupidly trying to impress her boss how good she is. Finally, the Korea lady in the US airport understand my hard time so she help me to push my smaller baby through the immigration till the baggage claim. I thanks her for that but I swear I never by Korea Air again if I have options.
  Honolulu to Seoul-Incheon (proceeding to Hong Kong) in June 2019 - but I'm going to focus on the Honolulu - Seoul leg only for this review. This was my 7th flight on Korean Air - and all of this started on a very speedy, no-nonsense check-in process at Honolulu International Airport. The immigration checks were quick, and after a short bite, I went to the gate 2.5 hours before departure time. The boarding gate staffs were overall great - so does the cabin crews. I was welcomed in a friendly way. Upon reaching my seat, I figured out that my seat was comfortable in terms of legroom, with tons of features, but the seats were quite firm and hard, and there were several kid stickers that the cleaning crew had missed. Not a big deal for me. Throughout the entire flight, the crew kept on being friendly to me - they asked everything, even asking me if I have ever tried Bibimbap before - my 1st meal for the flight, which tasted very good. The 2nd meal of mine served before landing was beef with rice, which tasted good, but the meal presentation made me deny the 5-star rating. By this point, the crews were still very friendly but they couldn't hide the tiredness they had after the 9-hour journey (which is normal). The biggest blow of the flight was the IFE - hence why I didn't give this flight a 10/10. The IFE, for me, won in terms of responsiveness and layout, but the contents were very lacking, especially the movie section and music, with most of them being 13+ or 16+ contents, with only a few contents that were appropriate to be accessed by everyone. The saving grace of the IFE was the game sections and the onboard camera facility. Actual departure and landing time were pretty on time. In conclusion - apart from the IFE (which, according to their social media sites, has been renovated), this flight was one of the best (well, in fact, the best!) flights I've ever taken in 2019, with the crew becoming the shining stars of this flight.
  San Francisco to Clark via Incheon. It is really a great flight even if I only had to pay about 630$ round trip going to the Philippines. It is not a direct flight but it is more comfortable than the usual direct flight airlines that I take to go home to the Philippines. Their trays on the seats are less slippery and food trays have a stopper underneath to prevent it from sliding while eating. They serve with silver wares instead of plastic ones. Their food is really good. I had Bibimbap for dinner. Their attendants are so attentive and helpful. We travelled with our toddler and he wanted to walk around the plane but if I stop him he cries. Whenever he cries, the attendants approach us and play with my baby and walk him around the plane. Provides toys and something to keep the child busy. They never sleep throughout the flight. The bathroom has sensor faucets you don't have to touch or press anything unlike in other airlines. Their sink has automatic flush so water goes down while using it and doesn’t clog. Every time I used the bathroom, I noticed the tissue paper was folded like it was not used. They maintain their bathrooms clean and neat. Very helpful ground attendants too. I had a problem with our schedule so when I booked, I didn’t book return for my US national hubby and baby but they helped me be able to still make it to the flight and when we arrived in Korea and PI, some agents came to assist us making sure there wouldn’t be any problems at the immigration. Truly satisfied! From now on I will see to it I will fly Korean Air whenever possible.
  My family and I had a flight from Cebu to Dallas via Seoul on March 4, 2020 but due to the Corona Virus, we had to cancel. The customer service rep said they were going to charge us 300 USD for cancelling.  I need more clarification about the refund process but I can't seem to connect to their US hotline. Sad. I love Korean Air. I always have a good experience with them but this really disappoints me.
  Kuala Lumpur to Atlanta via Seoul. On-time flight and friendly crew. All of our bags arrived safely at destination. We travelled with our 1 year old son, and with him in a carseat for the long-haul flight between KL and Seoul. The flight attendants wanted to see the airplane sticker on the seat but let us travel with it. We were in the cheap seats in the 3rd-to-last row in the back of the 747-8, in the middle. This airplane experiences a lot of yaw (side-to-side movement) during flight, so if you easily get airsick, I would not recommend sitting way in the back. There was not a ton of legroom but enough to not be uncomfortable. My butt got sore after a few hours in the seat, it is not well cushioned. You are provided with a pillow, blanket, and small amenity kit (cheap slippers and toothbrush). They provided us with 3 meals - a dinner, snack, and breakfast. The food was passable: they had chicken & rice, beef & rice, or beef & noodles on our flight. It came with a roll, dried pineapple and juice. They offer special meals for infants as well. There was no Wifi offered on this flight, and the inflight entertainment options were very few. There were some Korean movies and Western films but I only saw 2-3 movies I liked, which wasn't enough for a 12 hour flight. I've flown on the A350-900 on Delta on the way to KL, and there is a noticeable difference in the fatigue you feel afterwards. The 747-8 is large and spacious but doesn't pressurize as low as the A350, so you feel a lot more tired. Next time I'd definitely pick a 787 or A350 to go over the puddle.
 A very full flight, as Korean has cancelled the daily flight on this route due to the virus. The crew did well trying to serve a meal and beverage service in 53 minutes. My only moan is that with Korean certain tickets cannot book seats in advance, I even went to the airport and was told no. With a virus around families need to sit together and not worry about being split up. Due to that attitude, my score reflects that.
  Kuala Lumpur to Ulaanbaatar via Seoul in 2017. The staff was helpful with me from the moment I purchased the ticket at the airport office through cash (couldn't do it online as I did not have a credit card). I flew both legs on wide-body aircraft so seating was spacious and comfy even though there're many passenger. Service on plane was nice, cabin crew was helpful and responsive. Gave me lots of snacks whenever asked, served Extra hot meals. Refreshment and drink was great. I love their ice-cream!  It's a decent experience after all, I had to flight late time and long transit time however can't complain anything with the service! Very happy and I'd love to try another route to Korea or take their Trans - Pacific routes to the US/Canada. My flight was back in Dec 2017. Couldn't choose the time as it can't be backdated more than 1 year.
  Amsterdam to Seoul in business class. The seats are ok and good enough for a 2-2-2 configuration. The food was excellent, especially the Korean food that was served very authentically. English speaking of the cabin crew was not sufficient for an international flight. This should be improved to let the customer better communicate with the crew. Nevertheless cabin crew compensate that by high attention and very short response time. Infotainment was bad, choice of movies was very limited from the point of view of an European.
  Bangkok to Vancouver via Seoul. First time flying with Korean Air and was quite pleased. The service was amazing. The flight attendants went above. It was a long haul flight and not one time did they lose their pleasantness. We were fed several times. Meals and drinks were included. Seat room was bigger than your usual economy seating. I will definitely be a returning customer.
  Worse service ever. Booked my mother’s ticket from Fiji to London. Along the way Korean air stop operating from Fiji. I was just given flight from Sydney without a choice. I called them up saying that Sydney is a different country. Then I was given ticket from Nadi - Auckland - Seoul - London. On the day of the flight Korean air messes things up and my mother was refused boarding. We had to cancel the ticket and Korean air took USD 400 for the mess up they did. Their obligation was not fulfilled. Totally disgusting behaviour. Sent a feedback nothing happened.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Seoul. An excruciating experience with a flight crew that was horrible to me, an atrocious lounge in Seoul, and a plane that looks like it has not been updated. My buttons on this dated aircraft didn't work. Even the divider between seats couldn't work because the button didn't function. The inflight entertainment is the worst I have seen.  You see many flight attendants in the business cabin, as soon as the plane took off, they shut the curtains and I rarely saw them again. Forget about beverage service - one attendant said Korean Air's policy is to inquire about sobriety with every third refill of their thimble-sized glasses. I've never seen such an absurd policy and they enforced this. My food was mediocre at best. The lounges at Incheon look like a mall food court, are totally packed, and seemed outdated. 
  We recently traveled to Bali and had a great trip. It was on the way home that we experienced the best ever experience of a crew member Junho, the the most professional and attentive flight attendant that I ever had. I am just amazed at an employee that takes this much pride in a job. 
  Seoul to Hong Kong. I lost my wallet right before boarding just outside the boarding gate but only realized towards the end of the flight. Upon leaving the aircraft, I sought help from crew. They were quick to refer me to the airport website and the airline website before ushering me off. Later confirmed that the airport was in possession of my wallet but needed some assistance or advice retrieving it. I called their customer service hotline which was received by an agent from the ticketing office in Malaysia, who told me that there was nothing they would do. The agent didn't have the knowledge or capacity to be of any assistance, but refused to let me speak to other staff in the airline who might have more of a clue. The airline is fine for getting from point A to B, but do not expect their staff to be of help if you need it. Also, customer support seems to ignores emails or are extremely slow at replying.
  Irkutsk to Incheon. I enjoyed the in-flight entertainment and the seat comfort. The food was delicious and I had a great time. I was on a short flight, and the legroom was amazing! I would highly recommend this airline. 
 London to Tokyo via Seoul. First time travelling on Korean Air - really enjoyed it. The flight crew were very friendly, professional and efficient. If I wanted cup noodles with a coke (with refills) gee did I get it quick and with pleasantry. Really thought they were great!
  Seoul to Tokyo. Unprofessional and disappointing. Check in, boarding, and the beginning of the flight went smooth. The seats was comfortable with plenty of leg space. That was when things went downhill. My friends entertainment system wasn't working, and flight attendants ignore us despite us trying to get their attention. Food was bland and mushy. The head flight attendant was rushing to get food out, as she kept sighing and was rude, especially to the non Koreans. However, things started to go bad at the end of the flight. The plane had already landed and was slowly making its way to the terminal, when a little girl, about 3 years old, suddenly had to use the bathroom. The mum asked one of the flight attendant if her daughter could use the bathroom. The flight attendant went to ask her supervisor (who was the rude head flight attendant), to which she told the mum to tell her daughter to hold it. The daughter was crying, and kept saying how much it hurts (my friend who isn't Korean, but understands the language translated). The mum resorted to using a plastic bag for her daughter to uninate, in the middle of the plane. Of course, the little kid didn't want to, so the mum, desperate, just took her daughter to the bathroom. By this point, it's been 15 minutes since we've landed and was nowhere near the terminal. While I understand the importance of being in your seats while the plane is moving for our safety, certain protocol should be broken if there is a situation that arises. The head flight attendant on this flight, or at least in charge of my section, made me dislike this airline, which is disappointing as I've enjoyed this airline when I flew with them 10 days ago.
  Travelled business in 2014 with Korean/KLM to Europe and good experience. This time we had 3 business class tickets from Sydney to Amsterdam partnering with KLM - who were wonderful - and return Sydney via Rome with Korean. The flight crews were attentive but cold, clinical and lacking the human touch. The lounges at Incheon are a nightmare akin to two MacDonalds in different parts of the airport but overcrowded, full of screaming badly behaved children, and with poor quality food and beverages and lack of seating. The attendants at the lounge desk were like cardboard cutouts unhelpful and arrogant when I asked for shower access. They then insulted me in Korean, not knowing I speak it! I persisted and let them know in Korean that I understood their insult. I was finally pointed to the shower section and had a hurried shower. Finally, during our holiday a family member in Sydney became gravely ill and we attempted to alter our return dates to an earlier date. This was possibly the worst aspect of having to deal with the "customer service" operatives of this airline. Night after night we rang them and were drip fed information about seats available on given dates waiting for a date where we could get home. At least two of the male operatives were unbelievably rude to my wife when she spoke with them, talking over the top of her and there was no audio delay to justify such rude treatment. They offered us economy seats which my wife could not take as she has a medical condition that requires a sleeper or flat bed for long haul. We didn't get anywhere with them. On 22nd October, there were 3 unallocated business tickets available back to Sydney which would have got us back 5 days earlier but when we asked about these we were told because we'd paid a different fare schedule, we could not have them unless we paid an extra 3000 per ticket in Australian dollars or Euros. We paid approximately AUD 16,500 for the original tickets. We simply couldn't afford this so we were forced to wait for the originally ticketed flight later while we dealt with our anxieties about our sick family member in Sydney. Meantime, these people flew an aircraft from Rome to Sydney with 3 empty business class seats. This may be the corporate world model for aviation now but business still depends on goodwill and Korean Air have lost our goodwill forever. We will never fly them again under any circumstance, whether for work or pleasure. They are disgraceful in their treatment of passengers in need and not worth our custom. 
  I recently flew Brisbane to London via Seoul with my family and we were put up overnight in the Grand hyatt at Seoul Incheon Airport. Very nice. i was impressed with the whole package: legroom, food, service. We will be flying with Korean air next time we jet off.
  Frankfurt to Sydney via Seoul. We were very pleased with Korean Air. We flew from Sydney to Europe return via Seoul. On the way over to London Korean Air put us up at the Grand Hyatt in Seoul overnight. I recommend you ask your travel agent to ask for this option as it was fantastic. On our return trip we used the new transit lounge in Terminal 2 of Incheon airport which had showers, free internet and a 'sleep zone'. The airline experience itself was good. We experienced little turbulence on all flights. The food was good though they could improve their dinners (although the Korean bibimbap option was good - we all had it twice!) Breakfasts were better than good. The cabin crew were great and helpful when we requested additional snacks, water etc, although they served enough water to keep us hydrated. The hot towels before breakfast were also appreciated. My 13 year old son said the inflight entertainment could be improved although we thought it fine. Australians do not often fly Korean Air to Europe but I would recommend you consider it as an option. 
 I flew out from Brisbane, stopover at Seoul, before continuing to my destination Japan Tokyo. During this 13 hour trip I found this airline to the most disappointing so far in my travels. I have previously flown with Cathay, Thai and Malaysia and they've been pretty good (Cathay being the best in my opinion). This airline was disappointing because they always skimp on the water levels in their cups given out every time. I'm on a plane, that is the last thing that I need - to be even more dehydrated! To those people thinking of flying you are better off buying your own bottle of water before you go. Seats were uncomfortable and at a weird angle. For that reason I highly recommend choosing a different airline for long distance travel. Seats were also quite compact and not spacious. Inflight entertainment was average and on one of the planes its remote control was stuck to the screen with a wire. What I mean by that is that everytime your window seat buddy needed to go to the toilet and needed to pass me in the aisle seat, the wire was in the way making it a clumsy design. Food was very average. Never going to fly Korean Air again.
  I was flying Korean Air from Jeju to Gimpo. My parents in law was catching another flight from Jeju to Shanghai with different airline. I got notified my parents in law flight got last minute cancelled due to weather issue.The Korean Air crew helped me to contact the other airline to find out what’s the issue and managed to reach my parents in law. The crew even lets us to cancel the existing flight back to gimpo so we can reunite with my parents in law outside the boarding area. I would like to thank you the Korean Air and the crew for your sincere help. I truly appreciate all their effort so we can settle our parents in law. 
  Tel Aviv to Seoul. Have flown this year with KE 3 times now. Our last flight with KE in August was the best. We are a family of 3 (baby 1 year old). Cabin crew was so nice and cared for us throughout the flight. We sat in the 2nd row of economy on one flight. I asked for cabin crew for something to drink which they said they have back in the galley (i told never mind and asked for something else). After finishing providing meals for others the staff came back especially with my drink. Check in was super fast on all flight, boarding on time, seats comfortable (I am a big guy) food was ok, movie selection changed on the 2 flights (so i had full new options to watch on both ways), flights on time.
  Honolulu to Singapore via Seoul. Delta put me on Korean Air as a codeshare flight. I last flew with Korean Air in 2010, and my impression after flying with them at that time was that it was fantastic, far better than most other airlines. Now, that impression is gone. Leg room was very good, entertainment ok although the range of movies is far more limited than Delta Studio. The crew were unfriendly and even borderline rude towards non-Korean passengers. I repeatedly observed them being very friendly and all smiles towards Korean passengers, however, the treatment towards non-Korean passengers was different. I believe this is because they felt more obliged to be courteous towards their local passengers. The biggest complaint I have though is the food. Food portions were terribly small and mostly tasteless. Halfway through the flight, I ate a sandwich which I purchased at the airport and flight attendant told me I was not allowed to eat outside food. This surprised me as I thought outside food was only not permitted only on budget carriers. Overall, it's still better than a 3-star airline, but there are now airlines out there that are better than Korean Air.
  Incheon to Bangkok. After flying from Hawaii to Bangkok several times with Korean Air, I can say that there is nothing very impressive about this airline. It's not that anything is especially awful, but it's my impression that the company and its personnel are several rungs below their competitors. They lack the charm, cleverness, efficiency, and poise of other airlines, and are often lax and simply sloppy. On one recent flight, a member of the cabin staff spilled a tray of drinks on me while he was serving them to other passengers; on another recent flight, I was exiting the toilet and a flight attendant was literally running up the aisle and ran straight into me and knocked me out of the way and, without stopping, yelled, "oops!" and shrugged and carried on running. Their Thai staff are by far their best. Korean Air's catering is unappetizing, the interiors of their aircraft are uncomfortable, and their uniforms look something like pajamas. The entertainment on board is limited, dull and needs improvement fast and, most surprisingly for such a supposedly technologically-advanced country, Korean Air's website and app are clumsy and not at all user friendly. The airlines likes to make choosing a seat as difficult as possible and it's now only possible to do so when signed in as a member of the airline's frequent flier program, despite my preference for earning mileage with one of their codeshare partners. Does Korean Air know what codesharing actually is? Finally, Incheon airport is new, but beyond shopping there's actually not much to do and it's not very much fun. So, in short, nothing awful, but Korean Air is far, far behind ANA, JAL, EVA air, Thai Airways and Singapore Airlines, and can only really compete by being cheap.
  Hong Kong to Shenyang via Seoul. Korean Air has recently introduced a ridiculous policy of not allowing online or app-based seat changes (even for Biz class) unless you are a member of their program. Their response is it is a security issue. But it seems they just want to collect even more information than they already have and discourage your use of your other program membership, I am an elite Skyteam member via Delta, and all I want to do is change my seat. this is both pre and during online check-in. Really doesn't make sense. Thousands paid for the ticket and I can't even choose the seat I want. Very disappointing but inline with the overall poor customer service performance I am accustomed to receiving on Korean Air. I am not sure if they truly understand the concept of alliances and the purpose of sticking with an alliance like Skyteam. They really need to consider this poor service with their customers.
 Los Angeles to Bangkok via Seoul. Senior ground staff full of attitude. Traveling with pet did not get pre-boarding unlike other airlines have always given my special assistance. Cabin crew are ignorant. I asked for hot water and got refused by a crew member saying that “no, we don’t give hot water here”. I asked for a special meal and only got a meal with no drink. The cart came after and the crew skipped serving a drink to me as I assumed they think that I have gotten everything. Overall experience is bad since on-ground to onboard the aircraft.
 The experience onboard Korean was underwhelming. Flew from DLC-ICN-LAX. The first leg was a quick hour flight onboard a 777 with good entertainment and was served a small lunch consisting of a chicken sandwich, pineapple and a beverage. The second leg was delayed for 1.5 hours after boarding due to technical issues. Leg space and seating on A380 was great, however I found the in-flight entertainment and meals subpar. The movie offerings were limited with a few new releases and between 15-20 old movies. Moreover, meals left a lot to be desired as the portions were small and snack options were limited to asian shrimp crackers, plain crackers and banana bread. Cabin stewardess did a fine job, going through the motions of carrying on their duties, but there wasn't any personal touch or personality to their interactions. I'd fly Korean Air again if the price is less than better competitors.
  Excellent staff. However, Tomato Soup for breakfast? In general, the food is not good quality. Only a few very old movies for entertainment. Business Class Lounge was like being in McDonalds - noisy children, more people than seats, no bar service, dreadful food. Feel using the entire top level of a 380 for business class is not reflected in the facilities st Seoul. 16 hour layover, not permitted to take blanket from plane to “Nap Room”. The seats in the A380 are impossibly uncomfortable for sleeping
  Seoul to Sydney. I am a very nervous flier and I let the cabin crew know this. The first lady, who was showing customers to seats took this very seriously and was very welcoming and also checked up on me at the end and kindly wished me farewell.  This lady assigned staff to look after me during the flight, Moon was the loveliest, kindest air hostess I have ever met. She stayed with me during bouts of turbulence (without neglecting her other hostess duties to other customers) and checked on me throughout the flight. She also distracted me by chatting to me about my time in Korea and assuring me that we were safe, as well as bringing me water and comforting me. I would love to be able to recommend her and thank her for her amazing help. Thank you Moon!
  Paris to Seoul Incheon. First time flying in Korean Air business class with Prestige sleeper seats. The food was very good quality and the flight attendants were attentive and professional. I normally cannot sleep longer than 2 hours on a flight, but managed to get around 4-5 hours on the flight. The noise-cancelling headphones while not on par with Sony or Bose's top of the line models still worked well enough. IFE was good but not on par with Singapore Airlines or Emirates.
  Seoul to Madrid. The flight crew provided professional and courteous service. I like flying on the Boeing 787 and it did not disappoint. The  economy food is never a great quality for any airline, but it was adequate. One thing I like with Korean Air is that flight attendants always try to meet your request and on this flight was no exception. The new economy seats and IFE screens were good. IFE movie and TV show selection could be more extensive. As majority of Koreans fly on Korean Air if they had more Korean movies and TV shows, Korean passengers would appreciate that.
  Sydney to Incheon. The flight crew provided professional and courteous service. One thing I like about A-330 plane is that seat configuration is 2-4-2 and my wife and I sat on the window side. The plane was clean and the seats were updated with 18.1" width and seat pitch better than other airlines. One area that is not as good as other airlines such as Singapore or Emirates is the IFE. The selection is still not as extensive as these top tier airlines. But, overall a good value travelling on long-distance flights to Europe. Good to note that as travel to Europe requires overnight stay in Incheon, Korean Air provides free hotel and food vouchers. 
 Rome Fiumicino to Seoul Incheon with Korean Air. Overall, a great flight. I rode this flight yesterday (July 8th flight). The ground service? Fantastic because I was in business and at 6pm the check-in counter was open and I could check in within 10 minutes even though our family had 5 baggages (1 baggage / member) because of the great customer assistance. Then, I headed to the lounge. Better than Korean Air's own lounge in ICN. Have pizza, pasta, etc. Great. 10 out of 10. Now, the flight. Everything was great except for the IFE Selection. It was worse than my December 2018 Shanghai Pudong flight. Another Con: No inflight wifi. But I would recommend this airline as always.
  Seoul to London. Pleasant in-flight attendants and good quality food. However, the seats are somewhat out of date and the airport check in staff, even in the Premium Check In Zone is very rude.
  Seoul to Bangkok. Generally, staff at Korean Air are good, food is pretty tasty and the onboard entertainment is varied but unfortunately gets interrupted all the time in 3 different languages. Strangely for a "technologically advanced" nation, they fall down on their website and general technology. Their website in Korea accepts Korean or International cards. If you're an expatriate, your Korean card won't work and if you use an International card you're likely to be singled out for fraud because (quite rightly) the credit card company won't share information with a vendor. The process to overcome this is to type your entire credit card number into their system to unlock your booking. The option not to do this is unavailable and no mention is made of what happens to this very private data once it's been entered into their system. Additionally, the company air miles system regularly doesn't recognise you've flown with Korean Air and the claims system makes absolutely no sense so I'd be surprised if I ever manage to claim. It's hard to give them a great rating when it's so hard to book with them and they're overpriced because the whole economy here is one big monopoly, but I've increased my score because their staff are goods.
  Incheon to New York. I am a delta platinum medalion member so I am getting sky team elite plus status when I fly any skyteam. But quite a few Korean air staff are not aware of this. when I check in I'm eligible to use their business class counter but staff didn't know so I had to explain about this. Once they led me to morning calm counter (which belongs to their own membership system) and I'm not really morning calm member or anything. Yesterday when I was checking in, I knew I can check in three bags after checking allowance for sky team elite plus but they said I can check in only two bags then - when I ask them to double check they said I'm able to do so. It was very bothering experience every time I had to explain about their own  system? They even promote their strong alliance with Delta airline everywhere. 
  I was flying on business from Chicago to Korea. With the flight attendants its like they ask you a question and before you can answer, they’re already suggesting something else. Mind you, the flight wasn’t full so there’s no reason why they should rush. What really annoyed was when they started serving coffee and desert, they asked me if I wanted coffee or tea, instead I asked for water. To my dismay, the stewardess answered me don’t you have a bottled water provided for in your seat?  I told her, I was saving it for the longer part of the trip so I wouldn’t have to bother her! Aside from the very limited options Korean Air is just a piece of work. I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone. 
 Incheon to London Heathrow with Korean Air. Generally comfortable plane, given I'm 193cm. Felt I had just enough leg room. Food was good, with a choice between Korean and plainer options. Cabin staff attentive, polite and smiling throughout the flight. Was one of the best long-haul flights I've been on.
  Tokyo to Seoul. Check in is quick, seats are pretty good the only thing is that headphones and blankets are not available in the seats so you need to ask for some. The cabin crew are attentive but not so friendly, onboard meals are excellent but few movie options. 
 San Francisco to Brisbane via Seoul. We love flying Korean Air, we try use it whenever we fly, the service and comfort and quality is outstanding and especially love the new windows that darken instead of the window screens. I only have one issue, since when did aircrafts allow heaters and for it to get so hot. My last couple of flights with Korean air, I became very faint because the air control is just way too hot! I had to fan myself and ask for cold drinks and if they can change the air temperature. I saw one man fanning himself too and a lady with an automatic fan hand held fan fanning herself. This makes the flight extremely uncomfortable and a little embarrassing when it’s such a long haul flight and your sitting in your own sweat because the temperature is too warm. This should be looked into as the aircraft provides blankets for people to use, so people should be able to use them right? I have walked off the aircraft today so uncomfortable and sweaty and quite faint throughout the flight which is a major concern for myself and others. Other than the heat it’s fabulous.
  Sapporo to Phuket via Seoul. Horrendous problem solving by the Korean Air team. We were left to wait on on the plane for 3.5 hours due to engine failure and upon reaching Seoul they didn't come up with any viable solution to replace our missed Korean Air connecting flight! Their solution in the end is to downgrade us all  from our original business class seating to economy. Even though my husband and I paid a  Business class ticket we had upgraded our small children using points from a paid economy ticket to business tickets. So we have now lost half a day for extra travel time. Since they are now rerouting us via Hong Kong 2) Insulted by the KoreanAir team by their Lack of acknowledgement of their Screw up and Our right to proper seatings. Absolutely no proper compensation for our loss on Business class tickets and Morning Calm mileage points. It's most shocking and mind you we are traveling with our very patient but very exhausted 6 year old twins!
  Honolulu to Incheon. I recently had the most excellent crew on a flight KEO54 on February 10,  they were proactive and attentive throughout the flight, showing me to my seat, assisting with storing bags, bringing me drinks. 
  Incheon to Auckland. I’m impressed with the way cabin crew serve me with veg meal when I told her that I’m a veggie. Crew was friendly, great food and for the service I would recommend the airline in future.
  Los Angeles to Seoul. Within the first hour of the 13 hour flight I experienced a chemical smell that has caused a severe asthma attack. I am highly allergic to paint, smoke, toxic fumes from new carpet and strong chemical cleaning agents. I fly a lot and it is the first time experiencing an asthma attack of this magnitude.
  Washington to Seoul. Worst international airline my wife and I have ever been on. We decided to choose Korean Air. I don't if it's only me but the seats feel smaller compare to other airline. The meals were okay, I would never give a bad review over the meals and seats size. Some staffs of the cabin crews were very unprofessional on handling there passenger, felt like they are talking down to their customer in economy class. Long story short, I do not recommend flying Korean Air, unless you have money for an upgrade.
  Seoul to Brisbane. I would like to comment on the high quality of service during the flight and especially mention one of the cabin crew who was most helpful (born professional) Thank you. Next trip with Korean air.
  San Francisco to Seoul. My experience with Korean Air surpassed my expectations! The crew of flight KE 026 were kind, helpful, and very attentive. I highly recommend Korean Air to anyone who wants to have a great flight!
  Seoul to Ho Chi Minh City. This is the coldest airport staff that I have ever met. Anyway aside from attitude, I have been flying with different airlines and usually they will let me check in my luggage as long as it does not exceed the weight limits. It happens that I brought along 2 small luggages this time. They only let me check in 1 luggage which weights less than 6kg (my entitlement is 23kg) and advise "have to pay for another one". I decided to hand carry the other luggage and ended up throwing away a few newly bought cosmetic as the airport guy does not let me bring to the plane. So I travelled all the way to Korea, pay for the goods and come back empty handed. Very good strategy the squeeze tourist money!
  Seattle to Seoul. Refused to sell ticket for lap infant after they sold me ticket. Wouldn't refund transfer, nothing. Extremely rude, hung up on me, lied to me. Said I had to buy from Delta even though it was a Korean Air flight. Delta tried to help but couldn't. Lost out on my money for flight from Anchorage to Mongolia and back. Tried to fly and solve things in person. Alaska Airlines let me fly with my baby but Korean air refused to even talk to me. Threatened to call security. They also closed the gate early and turned people away. I suspect that it was overbooked but they refused to say. Claimed our connecting flight was too late and blamed Alaskan Air.
  Seoul to Kuala Lumpur. New aircraft but hardware was very dated. Seat is true-flat but not comfortable. In partially reclined position it provides no armrests. Tray table is unsupported and slants when the when the food tray is placed on it. A laptop will gradually slide off unless constantly repositioned. Window seats in the upper deck are more spacious than aisles which are constricted by walls and offer zero storage space accessible from the seat. The partition between seats is just plain awkward. Barely enough space to balance a drink precariously without deploying the slanted table. Pillow and blanket are economy standard, and not appropriate for overnight flights. IFE is substandard with few choices. Service is mediocre, hampered by poor English. Attendants have their rote routine but cannot cope with anything spontaneous like a change of wine with main course, water refills out of the designated timeframe, or drinks outside of regular service times.They are very polite but this does not translate into effective service. Ground staff at the Prestige check-in desk lack even this basic politeness, again, possibly because of a lack of linguistic skills in English. Wine selection is excellent but food is quite simply the worst I've had in a premium cabin of a full service carrier.
  Seoul to Toronto. The staff is efficient, fast and friendly. The food is excellent.  Korean air is my favorite one. Even the boarding is amazing.
  
Seats were very nice and comfortable. Flight Attendants were very standoffish and didn't seem warm or happy with their jobs. Smiles were forced. I asked for the steak on the menu and was later told that there is no steak and I was offered seafood. I said I didn't want seafood and was given a steak, oh well. Very sterile service and nothing like Philippine Airlines, which is outstanding. Service did compare with Delta Air Lines, who I took on the last leg of my trip. I think Korean Air is overrated.
  Had a nice flight from Seoul Gimpo to Jeju Island and back with Korean Air. The planes were quite old, but neat and comfortable. Lots of legroom, many restrooms onboard. Good service both on the ground and in the air.
  Los Angeles to Manila via Seoul. The check in process was seamless. I got the window seat that I wanted. The service provided by the crew was great. My 13-hour flight from LAX to ICN was so smooth that I got to sleep during the flight. The leg room was spacious which is very important for a long flight like this. The food was also delicious. Most Importantly, Korean Air allowed me to change my flight schedule without any fees. I had an awful experience with another airline when I tried to change my flight schedule but Korean Air did it without any hassle. I will definitely fly again with Korean Air.
  Really lovely team at Okayama who were so helpful and are a real credit to Korean Air. Thank you so much for all your help during our visit and in helping to sort out my luggage. The team were really kind and went beyond the call of duty.
  I had booked on Korean Air on 14th October 2018 to fly from Los Angeles to Seoul and Seoul to Singapore with my family. I had web checked-in inside the airport at 2pm for 11.30pm flight and was shocked to see that the seats were allotted in separate 4 different places. Then, I tried to find three seats together and one seat in between another passenger. Don't they have some common sense that how can I make my two kids sit separately and my wife separately for 20 hours journey. So, immediately I had asked the staff at 8pm once boarding pass was started. She simply replied that she cannot give 4 seats together. Then, I contacted the manager, and I requested him at least speak to the passenger to shift the seat to the next seat. He did not even have the courtesy to try and speak to the passenger. He bluntly refused without an attempt. Then, I spoke to the passenger in between my seats and he immediately accepted to change his seats.
  My wife and I went to Incheon International Airport to do our check in, with more than 3 hours in advance and surprisingly, the gentleman on the counter told us that the only chance to seat together is on the middle seats on the combination 2-4-2. We asked how is that possible and he told us that most of the seats are reserved by travel agencies for honeymooners, then, they do seat separate? He said he cannot do anything. We looked for customer service from Korean Air on the new Terminal 2 but they don't have. Information told us to call to their call center. While waiting in from of the boarding gate, another couple were taking about they face same issue but they call their travel agency and after some complains Korean Air gave to then seats together. Lucky them! Once on board service was friendly, until on the second part of the flight, the route is Seoul-Colombo-Male, I asked one of the cabin crew if it is possible to get some instant noodles, he went to check and he said sorry we don't have, then my wife asked another cabin crew in Korean and she said sorry we don't serve on the second part of the flight because the flight is shorter. Excuse me, I am flying all the way from Seoul and you telling me I can have only on the first part of the trip even though you have it on the plane. Thank you Korean Air for the bad customer service.
  Denpasar to Dallas Ft Worth via Seoul. Absolutely, without a doubt the worst flight that I have experienced in the last 20 years. I am a pretty frequent flyer, and used to be a private pilot, so I make quite a few concessions as a customer for those reasons. Seat pitch was abysmal. I pretty much spent seven hours with my knees around my shoulders (I'm 6'4" tall) ended up getting the worst leg cramps because the seat-belt like was on for most of the flight, and we were told not to leave our seats. Plane was like a sauna. Really old A330 with no air vents available. It's bad enough doing long haul without having so sweat and then smell because of excessive heat and humidity as well. Cabin crew: This was unbelievable - a seven hour flight, in a hot aircraft, and the cabin crew sat down the back of the aircraft chatting away. Did not even serve any drinks, even a glass of OJ would have made me feel better. They finally decided to serve food and drinks five hours into a seven hour flight. How they get a rating of 8 out of 10 is beyond me.
  Seoul Incheon to Bangkok, I can confidently say I would fly Korean Air again. The experience was a little better than other airlines economy class that I have flown international. They served food and it was fine. Not great, but fine. There were plenty of options, including vegetarian and Bibimbap. They also came around with water and juice quite frequently. Pitch was pretty decent size. Seat was comfortable. Entertainment was sufficient, including Korean dramas. The only downside was the plane was pretty old. Definitely the oldest plane I have been on in a while. Pushing 25 years with very little updates from if I had to guess. Oh, and no wifi available. Overall a good experience, not great, but slightly above average. I have to rank slightly lower for no wifi.
  Taipei to San Francisco via Seoul Incheon. Very friendly crew, enjoyed my flight even with some delay at Incheon airport due to bad weather. The crew asked the passenger in the front to keep the chair straight during meals, which was very nice because when passengers ask each other, it doesn’t always work well. Will definitely travel with Korean Air again!
  Auckland to Seoul. I found a lot of the business class service systems of Korean Air quite odd; whilst the crew were polite and responsive, they are working within a set system that means their business class product is sub-par. For example, your menu - which includes the wine list - is taken off you immediately after departure, so you cannot refer back to it. This makes ordering wine particularly difficult. Another thing is that if you order the Korean meal options, then you are deprived of the additional food - such as a soup starter, and bread - that people ordering Western meal options receive. They are not even offered, and as a result, I was starving after my small bowl of rice porridge; I've never been left hungry after a meal, even in Economy class. There was no indication of what snacks were on offer; luckily I was sitting next to a frequent flier and he kept ordering interesting snacks and so I followed suit. On a 12 hour, day-time flight, during which two meals were served, there were only two 'drink runs' by the crew - and they were both during the second meal service. I had to constantly request a drink, and at one stage even went to the galley to see what types of wine were available. I really didn't like this approach to service; I much rather have the drinks offered, rather than have to proactively request for them. However, this seems to be the way they do things - you won't be offered anything beyond the bare minimum, but staff are happy to respond if you do request things. The IFE was poor - a very limited selection of main-stream movies, and little in the way of reading materials. The seat was comfortable, and the cabin was spotless - including the toilets which were regularly cleaned. So whilst the hard product was good, and the service was polite and efficient, I really felt it was a 'bare bones' service culture and therefore, I did not feel pampered or spoilt, as I usually do in Business class. It really felt they were trying to minimise costs by keeping the food and drink away from the public eye.
  Manila to Los Angeles via Seoul. Our problem started when an aircraft had an emergency in manila and we missed our connecting flight in Seoul to LAX. Korean Air staff did not bother to pull some strings to assist us in making the flight. We even did not have our own check in as business class!! Korean Air  are on top of the worst customer service I have ever encountered.
  Manila to New York via Seoul. I am very disappointed with Korean Air. I am traveling with four kids ages 10 months, 5yrs, 10 yrs and 14yrs. Our flight from Manila to Korea got delayed which caused us to miss our connecting flight to New York. I spoke 4 times with their customer service to try and arrange a flight for my family and they are not accommodating at all. The best answer they can give me is go to the airport and talk to the desk and try to schedule a flight there cause they have more access. I explained to them that I have 8 luggage's and 4 kids which will make it very difficult to do that without a confirmed flight. I got so tired of begging and explaining to them the situation so I finally gave in and took a flight with a 10 hour lay over. The worst part of it all is I did not even ask for a hotel room. I just asked to be allowed to stay in the Korean Air lounge so that my kids can at least rest but they did not even give me that. My family and I travel every year and with this experience I highly doubt that Korean air will be on our list of Airlines choice. I don't agree with the saying customer are always right but I should not have to keep begging and explaining my situation with traveling with four kids.
  Manila to Toronto via Seoul Incheon. I like the foods on board, the service and entertainment. Also the amenities on board.
 I have traveled Korean Air many times and it is offering amazing Economy class product between Australia and Europe - seats with unbelievable leg space, nice catering, clean aircrafts, free 5-star hotel in Incheon on transit. Airbus 330 and Boeing 747-8 aircraft are very comfortable and friendly to Economy class guests. The only large disadvantage is that you can't upgrade to business with miles on the majority of fares.
  Chicago to Bangkok via Seoul. I did not make to the Korean air portion of the flight, so this more about the service. Weather caused our American Airlines initial flight (all booked through the Korean Air website), to be delayed multiple times causing us to miss our connecting flight to Seoul and ultimately to Bangkok. Called the Korean air service line and they suggested requesting the gate agent to ask them to hold the flight. American agents said Korean does not do that. After calling both airline service lines and having close to an hour delay, they both said the other airlines had to change it. American was adamant this is a Korean ticket and only they can release to change. BTW, 2 kids under 5 that had been up since 4 am, so we were not in the mood to run around the airport. Chicago transfer agent K20 gate, wouldn’t let us transfer, so had to go out of security to get to terminal 5. So took the bus, with whole family in tow, to terminal 5. The Korean Air agents used very polite words to say it wasn’t their problem, they would not help and the best they could do was standby for tomorrow and since the flight was full, very unlikely to go tomorrow. That was the last straw. Helping me to resolve the problem is the job of the Korean Air service counter team, when I bought tickets from their company. The utter lack of caring or willingness to do anything amazed me. Korean Air lost a customer for life today. I had used Korean air for last 10+ years at least 2-3 round trips Asia a year. Will stick with someone else from now on.
  Seoul Incheon to Amsterdam. I was satisfied with this flight overall. Check in process was friendly and efficient at Incheon airport, even though I arrived with less than an hour until departure. The seat was quite comfortable for a long trip, with plenty of leg room. I would say that the entertainment is not as good as on many other international airlines, but better than Asiana, with a reasonably interesting range of movies but a fairly lousy range of TV shows. I ordered a gluten free meal and was quite happy with the quality - probably one of the better GF meals I've had on a plane, but unfortunately Korean airlines don't seem to ever manage to provide GF bread. The range of drinks was okay, but again, I think it's smaller than many other international carriers, even in economy. The flight attendants serving my aisle were friendly and personable and made a real effort to interact with the passengers in a warm way - this was the most impressive part of the experience for me. Plane arrived on time in Paris and the toilets were kept clean for the whole trip.
  Los Angeles to Chiang Mai via Seoul. We decided to spend a little bit more for our flight to Thailand in exchange for a better service and were disappointed: We could have saved several hundreds of dollars if we had used a Chinese budget airline. What was good about Korean Air were the flight attendants who were super friendly and helpful, on our return flight to LAX they even carried my carry on bag for me, when they saw that I was holding our baby. The reason why we won't fly with Korean Air anymore: I had ordered a "vegetarian oriental meal" (not vegan, but vegetarian which isn't as restrictive) What I received was a joke: it looked like someone had emptied half a can of peas into the aluminum container and thrown some bok choi leaves on top. No sauce, tofu, rice or potatoes. Horrible. My wife was still hungry after her meal and asked for a snack. The answer was: "we don't carry any snacks" (contrary to what their website says: "Snack Service A wide variety of snacks, such as samgak kimbop, cup ramen, pizza, and makkoli rice cakes, are served on long flights." The flight attendant explained: "we stopped offering cup ramen because of the smell" when my wife told him that she used to get ramen on previous flights.  I had one can of beer at the beginning of the flight and ordered a gin tonic several hours later. This drink spilled because my table was defective (the kind which you pull out from the armrest). When I asked for another drink they watered it down and advised me "this is your last drink, each passenger is allowed to have only 3 drinks". I was not the slightest little bit drunken and very surprised because even on low budget airlines like Air India nobody told me how many drinks I could have. This is obviously a policy which is supposed to save the airline money.  We both started to get a headache because of dehydration. When I asked for water, the flight attendant poured approximately 4 table spoons into a cup, I went back and forth several times between our seats and the pantry and each time they filled the cup only 50%. We were both thirsty during the entire flight. Before departure there was a bottle of water on each seat and as soon as the boarding was completed, they hurried to collect the water bottles from the vacant seats. (Probably in order to lock them up in the safe...) 5.) We had purchased an inflatable pillow which was specifically designed for air travel. As soon as my wife started to inflate the pillow, several flight attendants approached us saying that we were not allowed to use it.  Obviously Korean Air's management made decisions in order to save money and we felt this nickel and dime culture during the entire trip. If we had chosen a low cost Chinese airline, we may have received some kind of rude treatment but enough to eat and drink for several hundred Dollars less.
  I have flown with KE a few times now. This time around it was less than stellar. Arrived 3hrs and 30 minutes prior to departure. Well, check-in wasn’t a pleasant experience. It took me 1 hour to check in luggage due to the fact there was only 2 counters opened and there was a huge line to check in. Transit was a breeze and enjoyable due to the fact that Korean Air uses the new T2 in Incheon. The flight to JFK was good and comfortable, food was good. No complains here. Aside from the 1 hour check in, it was still a good experience. I have read bad reviews about seat comfort, but you get leg room which is around 33-34” and lets remember most airlines comes with a 31-32” leg room.
  Manila to New York via Seoul-Incheon. The aircraft was in excellent condition. The cabin was clean and smelling good and seats had ample leg room. IFE was okay but has limited selection. Food was above average but could taste better. Cabin crew are kind and warm but could've been more attentive to needs, as there was a point they stop delivering drinks (you know how it gets too dry in the throat during long-haul flights). My biggest concern with my flight was the absence of footrest in economy seats and perhaps the biggest factor why I'll rather fly Asiana in my next trip.
  Business class from Singapore to Seoul. We checked-in from terminal 4, there is an exclusive area in the lounge for first class passengers,. Food was below average, flight service and smile was good, IFE was acceptable, camera onboard was acceptable, and the seat was extremely comfortable on this 6 hour flight. I was disappointed though that no amenity kit was provided on this red-eye flight. We arrived at terminal 2 in Incheon airport where the experience was extremely positive for us compared to terminal 1. I would definitely fly Korean Air again. However, unfortunately they do not have routes to the Middle East.
  Auckland to Osaka via Seoul. The leg room was impressive, I am 6'1 and can sit comfortably. Meal service was great. Crew was warm and with smiles. The only thing is that the In-flight entertainment system, compare to CX and NZ, the choices of the movies were limited. Nevertheless, I would fly with KE again for sure.
  Seoul to Tokyo Narita. I use my mom's credit card to buy my flight ticket. But, When I was check in at the counter in Incheon, They required me to show my mom's credit card, if not I need to buy a new ticket again (refund for old ticket). Because I study in Seoul and my mom is in Thailand, it is impossible to show them. But, I asked other friends who also use their's parents card to buy, they doent need to show the card. So it is kinda confuse me. Also, The flight was delay for 1 hour too Anyways, I really hate this process and it quite annoying, I will not use this airline again in the future.
  Singapore to Seoul. Flight arrived either early or on time. However, I had selected my seats for both legs, immediately after I bought the tickets online (via Korean Air website). On both legs, our seats were assigned to worse options. The Singapore-Seoul leg, we were given seats further back on the aircraft. I chose front rows as we didn't have check in luggage and therefore, could clear the airport quicker. The Seoul-Singapore leg, not only were our seats reassigned but we were separated. At the check in counter at the airport, the clerk managed to get us two seats together. However, we were wedged between two other passengers making it a tight squeeze. I had selected two seats together - the aircraft to Seoul had better seat configuration and leg space.  While they had 3 options to choose from, the food on both legs was below par. Even low cost carriers give better quality food.
  Vancouver to Cebu via Seoul. We’ve flown with Korean air before and received services for their 12 hour layover in Incheon without issue. We paid more to book with them this time and now they’re refusing to honour the layover service due to a block out period. We would’ve never booked a flight that has a 12hr layover knowing that there wouldn’t be a layover service. When I tried to call they half listened and kept repeating “no”. I would never recommend flying with Korean Air anymore. It’s really not worth it to pay more to have such a long layover when other airlines have cheaper flights with much shorter layovers. Initially they told us that they offered the services to offset the long layover in comparison to other airlines but now they’ve reneged on that, there’s no benefit to flying with them anymore. If they would’ve been even a bit more polite and accommodating to our concerns, I wouldn’t be writing this review but when I asked them what they would recommend us to do on our 12 hour layover, they said “I don’t know”.
  Taipei to Seoul. The stewardesses were  polite, and helpful. I was surprised by the comparative good quality of meals they provided for a less than 3 hour flight from Taipei to Seoul -- with metal cutlery. The aircraft was new and comfy with many entertainment choices. You don't need to beg for pillows or blankets - these were automatically provided to you.  Their ground staff in Seoul do need to improve their English skills if they want to attract more international travelers.
  Seoul to Beijing. I wanted to say thank you for your wonderful employees at the check-in and help desk. I had a problem with my flight, and they assisted me from start to finish while being polite, helpful, and nice. They made my situation into a less stressful situation.
  Ho Chi Minh to Seattle via Incheon. It was a nice experience, great legroom on economy seats and the recline is pretty good. The food was excellent, I love the Korean Bibimpap they served. The cabin crew really inactive, they were very lazy to clean passenger's trash, although it was in their sight and very obvious. They should also have more bathrooms or let economy passenger use their premium class bathroom because most of the time it was not occupied.
 It was an international travel from Fukuoka (Japan) to Delhi (India) via Seoul (South Korea) with Korean Air. Due to the bad weather condition, the airline was kept on postponing the estimated time of departure in Fukuoka (Japan) Airport. The flight from Fukuoka to Seoul was 5.30 hours delayed approximately. During that time the staff at Fukuoka airport provided a can of coffee and nothing else. Anyway, I was worried since I needed to board another Korean Air flight from Seoul to Delhi. Unfortunately, I couldn't board that flight. I contacted airlines staff and the staff suggested for me to take the next days flight from Seoul to Delhi. The staff happily showed incapability to provide any lounge/hotel for one night stay as well. I was supposed to reach Seoul in afternoon but landed late evening. I was completely exhausted and hungry also knowing that I needed to spend one night and a day until the afternoon (15 hours approximately) before boarding the flight to Delhi. Now, the flight to Delhi kept being postponed. During this time period, I contacted airport enquiries and tried to contact airline staff but couldn't find the airline staff. The airline didn't provide any food since they didn't bother to contact me at all. Note that the flight which was supposed to take off in the afternoon was finally rescheduled to 20.00 hours approximately which made my spend 24 hours at Incheon Airport (Seoul) approximately. It was indeed a pathetic experience and I was left with no energy. The airline should treat the passenger properly and also provide accommodation if flights are rescheduled. I would definitely not recommended Korean Air to anyone.
 San Francisco to Jakarta via Incheon. To be clear, the prestige class cabins in Korean are not cutting edge, they aren't the best in the skies. Infact, the seat width are quite narrow, and could be noticed when trying to stretch out. Though, while they lack on the hard product, they throw all this over with their soft product. The cabin crew were very disciplined and very friendly. They did speak perfect English and did go around the cabin a lot to make sure if anyone needs a drink or would like some freshly baked cookies that they have just made (they were excellent). They had excellent food and a lot of it. They were all cooked to perfection, both the Korean and Western meals. Although I would recommend the Korean dishes because they are after all, a Korean Airline. IFE is acceptable with new movies and a good airshow that worked, so no complaints there. Overall, Korean Air has reasonable fares from Asia to North America and is worth the price. Even though the seat is not cutting edge, you will be able to sleep (especially because of food coma). I do not have enough words to express just how perfect the cabin crew were, and they made the whole experience worthy.
 New York JFK to Manila via Incheon. This is really a great flight for me, the food was delicious and the FA's are pretty, polite and attentive to my needs. We were on time in the departure. I have no complaints of Korean Air. My Seoul to Manila flight was excellent with an on time performance and I loved the ice cream. The snacks were really great and they served hot snacks.
 New York JFK to Shanghai via Seoul. The 747-800 is an excellent plane and the new Korean Air business configuration is comfortable. The rest of my most recent KE travel was ridiculous. Checking in to a disinterested Prestige class desk, I was told they had no record of the 3rd leg of my flight. She was happy to leave it there quite unconcerned, if or when my luggage would reach KK but with much prodding found a manager who eventually rectified that issue, much stress pre-boarding from a Delta partner. No cocktails were offered. The meal was so small and of such poor quality that I was shocked. Wine in the regular tiny glasses was offered once after meal, the fruit (only dessert) was as unripe and as unappealing as was the disinterested service. Since they offer virtually no snacks on the 14 hour flight in Business class, I requested some more food and was given an old chicken sandwich on raisin bread which was probably crew food. I was asked if I wanted to be awakened for the second meal "2 hours before landing" - yes! When the lights went up and the loud service began I thought I slept well and was near landing, however breakfast was served in a fully lit cabin 4.5 hours before arrival, also, small and uninteresting - then duty free shopping was announced and flouted. Then after all were awake lights went out for 2 hours before landing. Service was inexcusable, especially the lack of water. At one point I was told they were out of water but someone found a bottle. The FA's were just not interested in a smile or any effort to make me feel welcome. The purser was unconcerned about my issues and explained this was the normal flight plan. Since he and the cabin crew have little conversational English ability, I was lost. The flight from Incheon to Pudong was much better. There are myriad choices transpacific and KE should not be considered for Business class fares. Flight 086 on Jan 9 2018 was a true disgrace to what may be considered a reputable airline.
  Seoul to Amsterdam. When we travel as a family, they should have knowledge and control over which seat to be given. They prioritise their home citizens first. When asked nicely if they could change it or move some passengers, they just replied "not possible". Worst airline ever attended. As a family we have never experienced a airline which gave seats 1 by 1 when we are a family. Therefore we will never travel with Korean Air again.
  Frankfurt to Shanghai via Seoul. One of the best business seats I have experienced. Check in in Frankfurt went smoothly. The lounge was ok but nothing special. Had a seat at upper deck of Boeing 747-8 at the window. Spacious with privacy and a nice HD monitor, it was full flat bed. Staff was extremely helpful and competent. Food was ok with a choice of western and Korean food. Flight was in time. Transfer in Incheon was uncomplicated, the lounge there could be better. Quiet poor choice of food, but the lounge had a smoking room and draft beer. Flight from ICN to PVG was also nice business class experience, especially when considering that this was just a good hour flight. Return flight had same standard. Overall a very good experience.
  Los Angeles to Incheon. The booking, check in and website infrastructure/system are very frustrating and error prone. I have been on multiple flights with them and almost missed a flight because my boarding pass would not scan at the gate. Recently my flight was delayed because people had trouble boarding at the gate as well. Checking in on their website has been an issue because the information requested had no entry field. Checking in at the kiosk at the airport printed all of my fellow travelers boarding passes but only 1 of mine. When I tried to check in to print the rest of mine it errored out and I had to wait for the check in time for my flight at the korean air counter so a person could fix it. A lot of small annoyances add up to make this airline an unpleasant one to travel with. Also the seats on their smaller planes are concave and incredibly uncomfortable. The bigger planes are better.
  Seoul to Moscow. I had a positive experience with Korean Air. Cabin crew was helpful and gentle, food was quite ok, IFE had the biggest screen I had seen. The film choice was not as big as in other airlines but I found many good titles to watch. The seat was really comfortable with loads of room for my legs. The only minus was the ground service. Baggage drop was really long and chaotic. 
 Seoul to Prague. Check in very fast. Was seated in the upper deck of the 747-8i. Amazing aircraft, the prestige suites are very private, and the extra storage along the window is most welcome. The cabin was spotlessly clean, and two bathrooms upstairs is a plus as most airlines only have one. Cabin Crew are very professional and friendly, and always immaculately presented. The food was of good standard. The entertainment is a bit limited, however that doesn't really bother me as I do not use the IFE that much. ICN is a great airport, although the Korean air lounge isn't really worth a visit, they should invest more into their lounges. Overall a great experience, Korean Air is one of the more premium airlines to fly.
  Seoul to Manila. Worst flight experience ever. You go to the gate they told you at the checking in counter and when you are there; no program, no sign, nothing. When I went to the Korean Air customer service they told me after a 3 hour waiting line, that the flight will leave 5 hours later then expected. When we are 5 hours later, still no plan and again waiting for hours. This all without any information, or announcements. They also didn't offer a voucher for even a meal. Also not giving any option by claiming costs. This whole combination, I haven't ever experienced it ever before. Third world countries experiencing typhoons manage the airplanes and communication better.
  Seoul to Kathmandu. First was told 3 hour delay due to technical difficulties then further 2 hr delay due to same reason. When asked, no proper reasoning was provided. All was said was sorry. I find sorry as a very inadequate answer to such a huge problem. Lack of proper answer and reasoning to delay from airlines authority was more than aggravating. No compensation whatsoever and shady reasoning gives me enough reason to avoid this airlines in my future travel. And would strongly recommend others to avoid this airline.
  San Francisco to Tokyo via Seoul. The flight from Seoul to Tokyo Haneda delayed 3 times so far. The airline failed to inform passengers as soon as they knew about a delay. The first delay I found out at the boarding gate near the scheduled boarding time - 3 hour delay. The second delay was known 30 minutes after the boarding time, after we pressed an airline employee to find out, while he appeared to be running away - another 3 hour delay. The third delay is announced at the boarding time, unknown how long until further notice. To their credit, they gave out bottled water once during this long, frustrating process. But nothing else, no explanation, no other accommodation. Some local passengers were yelling, many lied around trying to get some sleep. Inquiries made in English were met with very limited response. We were not given a chance to plan for alternatives, with the late announcements or lack of transparency. We are still waiting.
  San Francisco to Mumbai via Seoul. This is a cheaper option to travel to India. Also since the flights are approx. 12 and 10 hours duration, it doesn't become very tiring towards the end. However they have flights only thrice , week. This is the second time I flew with them. The San Francisco to Seoul flight has more legroom but to Mumbai just cramps everyone. I have tried both Indian non veg/veg and regular flight food and found both quite good. However their portion size is very small. And they don't have much snack options like banana or chips available like in other flights. So I ended up being hungry all the time and literally waiting for food. Economy class service is just Ok. The crew is not bad but like someone said they are very robotic and no warmth at all. And one or two can be rude too. IFE is bad, very limited and boring options. Also despite chunk of passengers being from India, they don't offer any Indian entertainment. Still its a value for money courier. But given a choice of same airfare I would prefer another airline.
  Dallas Ft Worth to Ho Chi Minh City via Seoul. This is the first time I fly Korean air and all of their four legs was delayed. Pretty lousy statistics, I should say. It certainly doesn’t help when your flights are so long and you want to just get through it as quickly as possible. On top of that I was placed in the last row by the bathroom for the nearly 20 hrs flight home. Fortunately I was able to change the seats by going to the airport ticket counter the night before. For the 15 hrs flight from TX to Seoul, only two meals were served. Boy! I was very hungry so on my return flight I packed extra food. Suffice to say future flying with Korean Air will be rather unlikely.
  Bangkok to Atlanta via Seoul. My husband booked my flight on Korean Air because of the reputation for great customer service. My husband and I have previously had excellent service when we traveled in coach class. However, my  flight in Prestige Class was very disappointing. The customer service by the flight attendants on all flights was below average. I was expecting a lot more in Prestige Class. On previous flights, we have been treated much better in coach. I selected a noodle dish on KE 035 which was served with ice cubes floating in the bowl. I had to ask for water since the flight attendant rarely came by to ask if anything was needed. On my return (KE 036), I asked for bread but was told "no" since bread didn't come with my choice of meal. The flight attendant later returned with bread. On flight KE 659, I had to ask for a bottle of water but was told the flight didn't have bottled water. They served me a very small glass of water but didn't come back to see if I needed more water...I had to ask. I find it appalling Korean Air didn't have bottled water. On the same flight, the meal I selected was not good so I ask if I could have the noodle dish. I was shocked when the flight attendant brought me a bag of dried noodles and hot water. I don't know what happened to the excellent customer service experienced on previous flights but my entire flight was not worth the money spent on my Prestige Class ticket. This will be the last time I will ever book a flight on Korean Air. Food was terrible, flight attendants were terrible, the entertainment consisted of very old movies and overall experience was absolutely terrible. Overall rating...less than 1 star. Additionally, the Korean Air lounge at Incheon Airport was absolutely disgusting.
  JeJu Island to Seoul via Degeau. My wife and I made a mistakes flying from JeJu Island to Seoul by scheduling an impossibly short connection time. The ticket agent recognized this and gave us new seats that allowed us to get off of the plane before other coach passengers, notified the flight attendants that we had a too-short connection who arranged for our checked luggage to come off the conveyor belt first and opened up a baggage check-in lane for us only and our baggage that needed to be re-checked. We made our connection and our luggage arrived with our flight at our final destination. In my wildest dreams I could not imagine this level of personalized service from a US domestic airline. Korea Air deserves more a 10, the highest number on the rating.
  Bali Denpasar to Seoul Incheon. Check-in was fast and easy by Korean's contracted ground handlers in Denpasar. The flight boarded and pushed back on-time. While the flight overall was fairly comfortable (good seat pitch, good seat-back inflight entertainment, pillow & blanket provided), Korean's cabin crew are very cold and without any personality. They are very robotic in everything they do. The cabin crew was very unfriendly and disingenuous while attending to the passengers - forced, half-smiles when serving the meal and drink service (the breakfast served - was soggy and virtually inedible). This is such a shame because they are dressed to impress and fly onboard such nice airplanes. If only they provided warm, caring hospitality, they would truly be an outstanding airline. Until then, I would not fly on them again by choice.
  Bangkok to Seoul. A330 Outbound on time, return A380 30 mins late departing. Both planes clean. crew attentive and smart appearance. Food excellent and choice of three main courses; fish on return not served warm enough (below 60c). IFE okay; reasonable choice but not extensive so being marketed as 'Beyond Entertainment' is somewhat misleading. Delay in accepting commands on screen is annoying. Advertisement for Winter Olympics prior to every show or film gets repetitive; Korean Air should proof watch this 50 times to see what their passengers put up with. Overall good value for money. A380 return too hot in economy.
  Bangkok to Seoul. We would like to express our appreciation to the cabin staff 24 November 2017. We had an issue with the television during the flight. Once we informed her, she actively tried to coordinate with related people to solve the issue and keep us informed on the progress. Moreover, she came to us and explained the safety demonstration personally. This shows great service as a cabin crew. We really appreciated her kindness and support. 
  Flew Incheon to Singapore. The best thing that Korean Air offered was a rather comfortable seat with ample leg space. Inflight entertainment and food were decent, albeit not the best. Flight attendants were rather polite and helpful, although I was rather unhappy that the flight attendant serving me failed to enquire me on my preferred choice for dinner. There were 3 meal options - A, B, and C. For option B, we could choose between beef and chicken. Instead of listing them out for me, like she did for the passengers next to me, the attendant took the shortcut by asking if I was okay with option B. On hearing yes, she handed me a serving of option B with chicken in it, showing no interest at all that I might be more keen on having beef instead.
  New York JFK to Seoul. Do not fly Korean Air business class, it is laid out like coach.  What a disaster, 16 hours with someone snoring an inch away. Their business class is the worst that I have ever flown! Do not fly this airline.  You are paying way too much for a coach seat!!!
  Seoul to Honolulu. I want to commend the flight attendants for handling a unruly passenger on a flight to Honolulu. A young lady wanted the whole row of empty unassigned seats at the rear of the airplane because she wanted to sleep during the flight, but there was an older woman already seated there. When I boarded she was sitting with her friend a few seats forward then when she got up to move the older lady was already there. This young girl made such a fuss about her wanting the seat before the other lady. The flight Attendants asked her to sit down because she was delaying takeoff. The flight attendants finally got the old woman another seat  and let the young girl have her seats. A flight officer from the cockpit came out to see what the delay was. The flight attendants did right by defusing the situation and dealing with it so the plane could take off.
  Always fly Korean Air nonstop when I visit friends and family in Atlanta. Last trip 2015. Used Gangnam City Terminal checkin which allowed for expedited security at ICN. At ATL, checkin is always hassle free with no wait when you use the web check in line. Seats still extremely spacious with leg room, flexible headrest and recline. I managed to sleep 7-8 hours in both directions! Cabin spotless. Crew friendly, professional and polite in both English and Korean. Entertainment options are a bit lacking, honestly. Oddly, only four Korean movies. Food quality (Korean choices) are tasty, too.
  Seoul to Hanoi. I wish to register my absolute disgust at the totally unacceptable service I received from Korean Air staff at Incheon Airport on September 1st 2017. I was told I have to line up and self check in, which does not work, it worked but not fully, it recognized my Passport but would not allow me to check in as it could not verify my Visa.  So I was asked to check in at a checkin desk. So back to the Line once more. This was now the 2nd Person from Korean Air I spoke with she told me must join this Line, I explained the issue she told me this line this line, I asked again this is for Hanoi yes join this line. So  after 45 minutes I get to the initial entry Ropes of the Check in and am told wrong gate wrong gate, I again tried to explain my concern and issue and was ushered away in a dismissive manner. I then asked another Staff member and still getting any assistance or good feeling whatsoever that I am going to successfully check in. I asked this lady sure this is the line for Hanoi, if this is the line there is no way I can make the flight in time this is now the third line I have been told to join. Do not worry she said no issue you will make it. At 7.50 I have still not checked in and see no way in making my flight and I will not be able to make my appointment in Vietnam thru no fault of my own and what appears to be absolutely no concern from the Korean Air Staff on the Ground. I do not speak Korean so I am automatically dismissed. At 8.00am my Korean Colleagues who had none of the hassles I had as their passports were accepted without Visas spoke to one of the Korean Air Staff who escorted me to a check in desk and personally checked me in. I just made the Flight. I have never in all my years of travelling been so poorly treated. I am still waiting for a Reply from KE Customer Service to my email of Sept 7th 017
  Kuala Lumpur to Tokyo via Incheon. Fast service, very friendly cabin staff. Staff walking around so easy to call for requests or questions. Love their seat, wide, large legroom, the most comfortable for me. IFE for NRT-KUL not really good as the KUL-NRT. The pouches with Pyeonchang Winter Olympic logo which has slipppers and toothbrush were given for night flight; was a good souvenir from KE. Would like to travel with KE in future too. Reasonable price too.
  Seoul to Taipei. This is the first time I flew Korean Air after many years and it seems to be a much better airline now. Ground staff was very polite and helpful. Ground and onboard staff were very courteous with a smile on their faces. The plane was clean and relatively comfortable. Food was a bit bland and quantity was a little lacking, but okay for a short flight. Entertainment service was a bit unreliable, with few of the functions on the remote not working well. Very smooth and pleasant flight overall.
  Seattle to Hanoi via Seoul. I had a terrible experience with Korean Air. My flight from Seattle to Seoul was delayed by 1 hour, but this wasn't a problem because I checked in online and as was written in my document, I didn't need to check in again at the airport. I had only a carry on luggage so I went straight to security. After waiting for 45 min in line, I was told that my boarding pass barcode is not working and that I needed to go back to the Korean Air counter at SeaTac. I quickly headed towards the counter only to learn that there was no one there. Usually they close 1 hour prior to departure but because the flight was delayed there was nobody there 1.5 hours prior. I've asked everyone I could possibly ask to find a Korean Air representative, this was unsuccessful. I went to the kiosk to reprint a boarding pass - the system was down! I wasn't recognizing my ticket number, passport or booking number. I cant believe I couldn't make it to the other side to make my flight! As a result, I was rebooked to a later, longer flight with 2 stops instead of one through Las Vegas. I lost a 1 night stay at an expensive hotel in Hanoi, a day tour to Halong Bay and no one at Korean Air seemed to care!! I could not find one person who could help me in any way. Never again.
  Cebu to Seoul Incheon on a Boeing 777. Seat wise it was comfortable with enough leg space. For a four hour flight to Incheon it felt good, with good service, good food, and IFE! For the price, it was a very good deal in my opinion. Check in was a breeze in Cebu. Even was lucky enough to get bulk head seats. Luggage was checked through so, it was really nice. 
  Flew Korean Air from Seoul Incheon to Nadi. The service was good as always. The flight takes almost 10 hours and the flight attendants did a really good job for the whole flight. Service in Incheon airport is good as always. The food was pretty good. The drinks were served frequently. Airplanes were new and clean on both ways. Seats are as comfortable as they can be in Economy class. The movie choice in IFE is not so great, but acceptable. Had a pleasant flight.
  My husband, grandson and myself recently flew Auckland to London return via Seoul. We had made this trip on Korean Air on two previous occasions, and once again enjoyed the complimentary night's accomodation at the 5 star Grand Hyatt at Incheon, which also included a delicious dinner and breakfast. Korean Air is a most generous airline, in terms of legroom in their economy class and the overnight stopover they provide on the Auckland to London flight. What particularly impressed us this trip was the trouble the ground staff went to locate and then hand deliver the wallet my grandson left onboard the aircraft when we landed in Seoul on the homeward leg. It was only when we checked in for the last leg of the flight to Auckland, after a three day stopover in Seoul that he mentioned the wallet was missing. The young lady at check in made a series of phone calls, located the wallet and arranged for it to be delivered to the departure lounge. Korean Air certainly understand the meaning of customer service.
  Beijing to Washington via Seoul. From helpful ground staff to the inflight service I cannot praise this airline enough. I was surprised by the amount of legroom in economy, I'm 6ft but I still had a couple inches of legroom. The food was excellent with the flight from Seoul to Dulles getting two full meal services with real cutlery. The crew were very attentive and active throughout most of the flight, going through the cabin to collect trash and see if the passengers needed anything. The one downside is the amount of entertainment compared to Emirates but the movies they did have were superb and the IFE was very responsive. I will be using this airline again in the future.
  Seoul to Rome. Check-in staff courteous and helpful, particularly with seat allocation and check-in of baggage through to my ultimate destination. Queue at check-in long so the wait time was quite long. The service by the flight crew was excellent - friendly and courteous. Food choices were good (three mains) but the Korean meal (spicy octopus) was a little too spicy and I would have preferred a bibimbap. The plane was well maintained, clean and fairly new.
 My wife and I flew to London and returned with Korean Air from Sydney via Seoul, Incheon. KAL was the best value ticket available and included a complimentary night in Incheon on the outward leg of our journey. The quality of the accomodation was 5 star and beyond expectation. In total we had four flights two on Airbus 350 and one on a 747 and one on the A380. The Airbus are all newer aircraft and offer an exceptional flying experience. The 747 was noisier, but the cabin had been retro fitted to a consistent level of quality. The seats in economy are a calm blue or brown colour, are the widest I have experienced in economy and offered ample leg room for my 6ft 2 frame, even when fully reclined. There are no obtrusive underseat boxes. The touch screen inflight entertainment screens are large and offer a cosmopolitan selection which although not as big as some, has something for everyone. Every seat has a point where you can charge your devices, but there is no wifi in economy. There were little bottles of water and headsets on the seats pre boarding. The crew are all impeccably presented in a beautiful cream and green uniform that is a nod to Korean celadon ceramic wear. The food is exceptional if you like the Korean option with the signature dish of bibimbap and doesn't even look like airline food. The western choices are more standard airline presentation. Our son received child's meals and these were colourful and provided a variety of healthy items and sugary treats to suit all levels of fussy. The children's headsets are so cool I was jealous. The boarding procedure was straightforward and we were priority boarded ex Seoul due to travelling with children. The toilets in economy contain high quality branded toiletries and were kept meticulously clean on all flights with crew stationed outside through the quiet times of the flight. The crew themselves were highly professional and had good English. They were attentive to call bells and helpful when asked questions. They are impressively patient with passengers who misunderstand cabin protocol or ignore the seatbelt signs and manage the safety in a charming and caring way, rather than a bossy aggressive manner that can occur on western airlines. On the A380 there is an actual duty free shop at the rear. I have no complaints whatsoever. These were the best four flights that I have ever been on, comparing similar long haul experiences on JAL, ANA, BA, Singapore Airlines and Thai. I believe that the quality is similar to Cathay Pacific but I like their uniform and Korean service style slightly more.

** Asked for ticket 
  Sydney to Toronto via Seoul. Korean Air is one of the best airlines I have travelled with and provided us best possible service. The food, cleanness, service is impeccable and highly recommend. Looking forward to fly them again on 28 June 2017 but this time from Vancouver to Sydney! 
  Toronto to Sydney via Seoul Incheon. This was the return leg from Canada. On the 2 outbound and 2 return legs each aircraft economy class was full. The aircraft were clean and in good condition - everything worked. The legroom is remarkable. For a 183cm person I had 10cm of space between my knees and the seat in front - even when it was reclined. Both aircraft on the return had touch-screen IFE, however, the limited choices are a minus. For some reason, the route taken by Korean Air seems afflicted by frequent turbulence. This results in a loud tone when the seat belt sign is illuminated and an announcement, and a second tone when it's switched off. This is very disturbing when one is trying to sleep. Another annoyance with this airline is its lack of enforcement of the cabin baggage rules. In the boarding lounge, many passengers have up to 3 bags resulting in lack of space in the aircraft overhead bins. It was interesting to see the cavernous bins on the 787. The food on both legs was passable with the exception of a beef and pasta offering. The beef was fatty, the pasta stuck to the base of the foil container and the beans and carrots mushy. The cabin on the ICN-SYD was freezing - well, not quite, but it couldn't have been more than 17C. Observing the other passengers, at least 95% were wrapped in the provided blankets. On the three preceeding Korean Air flights I was comfortable in jeans and long-sleeve business shirt, But I had to put on my jacket and wrap up in an blanket also. Two complaints to a cabin attendant made no change. The flight lef Incheon 30 minutes late but landed in Sydney 3 minutes ahead of schedule.
  Mumbai to Seoul Incheon with Korean Air, Flight was in time, and the food served during flight is very delicious. Excellent service provided by cabin crew and I found the ground service is the best. Good inflight entertainment.
  Singapore to Seoul return. I will never take Korean Air anymore. Departing from Singapore there was no issue. But when I want to return to from Incheon Airport, their ground staff was rude. I reached airport 3 hour before departing, when I would like to enter to the queue for check-in / boarding pass, the ground staff was asking what passport are we holding, if it's not Singapore Passport should go for self check-in machine.  We tried the self-check-in machine before but failed, due to first name & family name on the ticket not exactly as per passport, and the ground staff refer us to another queue for help desk. But when turn to me, the help desk guy doesn't want to help and refer me to back to the first counter (which is priority for SG Passport). When I questioned why he can't help, his answer is : those Korean queue behind of me might have urgent matter than me, so he should assist them first! This is principle of queuing? Even through he assist to get my boarding pass done at the end, this is worst memory and I will never take this airline anymore.
  Seoul to Brisbane. Excellent service including check-in and cabin. Economy seat leg room was the best I have found on an international airline. Cabin staff in economy were most attentive to the needs of the passengers and very courteous. Food was excellent with good choices. Toilets were kept clean.
  London to Jeju return via Seoul. Excellent service both ways, but especially outbound, perhaps because there were fewer than 20 pax on the A380's upper deck. Good catering, informative inflight info, excellent IFE system and selection. The seat on the A230 is a fairly standard 2 abreast lay-flat, comfortable as these go. Fortunately there was no-one in the seat beside me, because if so and they had the seat flat, it would have been awkward to climb over to get to the aisle. Seat on the 747 undoubtedly better; more room and each pair is staggered, so window etc seats have access to the aisle through a gap between seats - much better than clambering over the person next to you! So I preferred the 747 seat (which is a newer design), but it was interesting having the mix of A380 and B747 on this route. For me, despite the better 747 seat, this showed that the A380 is much the better passenger experience. It's smoother and much quieter. Also the 747 lavatories are cramped by comparison with the A380. The only negatives on this trip were having to collect and schlepp my case from Seoul Incheon to Seoul Gimpo (especially as my travel agent told me that Korean Air would do this!), and the inadequate lounge at Incheon departures.
  London to Auckland return via Seoul. Not having previously flown business class I'm not comparing it to other airlines, however my return trip was cheaper in Korean Business Class than in Cathay Pacific or Air New Zealand Premium Economy. I'm sure Business Class in other airlines may be swankier, but the food was good with adequate choice, staff were attentive, and the cabins were full but quiet. On the way out the two night flights had very spacious layouts with privacy screens, lie flat beds and easy access from window seats to aisle due to staggered arrangement. On the way back it was two day flights in a more basic arrangement but the seats still went flat. Due to the long changeover in Seoul on the way back a free transit hotel was provided - outside the airport but very close to it. Very good hotel, and dinner and breakfast were included. There is only one niggle, that is there wasn't enough choice on the IFE. Dedicated check in desks, lounges clean.
  Los Angeles to Manila via Seoul. My flight was wonderful. The lay over at Incheon was not boring. Free internet access. Feeling a little thirsty I asked one of the flight crew for a coke. Waited for at least five minutes without the coke when I realized that maybe the staff forgot about my request, hence I decided to go to where the food and drinks station is located. The staff I approached was very pleasant who asked if there is anything I wanted, and poured me a coke. Few minutes later the cabin staff approached me with a can of coke and a pouch of crackers, very apologetic for forgetting my request. 
  A rather good flight overall. Good and very comfortable / spacious hard product (despite the old 2-2-2 cabin layout in Business), on time, with good information and a very active and friendly cabin crew (except for the interaction I'll describe further). Korean Air Ground staff in CDG were very good and managed to help me join my reservation with a connecting KE flight (under a different reservation) and tag my luggage directly to the final destination, which saved me a lot of time and hassle in ICN. Onboard, pillows are quite small and not that comfortable for a full-flat bed in Business Class, similar to what you would find in Premium Economy on some other airlines. Catering could also be improved (KE always has very good food on long haul flights in economy class but I feel the upside between business and economy is not up to what you find on other Skyteam members). The big surprise came a little later down the flight when I was taking pictures of the economy cabin from the rear of the lower deck. A cabin crew came rushing out of nowhere and started asking me whether I took pictures, to which I replied "yes of course is that a problem?". Without further explanation she requested to see the pictures I had taken with my cellphone (I didn't know people can actually ask for that?) which I did while asking what the issue was (no reply). After a few seconds she said "ah it's OK" and left. No further explanation, no apologies for the rude (or stressed out) tone of voice.. The cabin manager came during that time and was standing nearby not saying anything and just left without saying a word. I've been flying countless times for over 10 years with Korean Air and have never experienced any such situation. This just felt really rude and a bit strange that the staff couldn't just have a polite and simple discussion with me to explain what the issue was.
  Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia to Seoul, South Korea with Korean Air (return). Both flights were uneventful, helped by the fact that the staff were very respectful and courteous. The food in economy was average but consistent with other Korean Air flights. The flight departed an hour late but this was well communicated via email and at the check-in counter at the airport. Also, the IFE worked OK despite the touch screen on my seat feature not functioning.
  Seoul to Los Angeles. If you are buying a ticket for someone else, do not buy. When you are purchase a ticking using your own credit card for someone else, Korean Air will make you go to their Los Angeles office to verify your credit card (payment methods). I have spoken to a customer service rep (English speaker) over the phone and Korean Air will not accept any other method of verification. I think it’s great that they have a strict security system. However, I believe it’s unnecessary to have your customer drive over 50 miles (3 hours in total drive – round trip) to verify that I am the credit card holder.  There were cheaper airline tickets available at the time of purchase. However, I wanted to buy a premium airline ticket (Korean Air, Asiana Air, Singapore Air) for my in-laws. Honestly, this has been the worst experience ever. I wish never made the purchase. Would have saved a lot of money, time and frustration,
  I have been in a check-in line at Incheon for one hour and still have at least 15 mins more until I reach the front. It is appallingly slow with zero sense of urgency and no assistance for passengers when their flights reach last call. Incheon is supposedly a top and modern airport and I am shocked by this antiquated system. Even Bangkok check-ins move faster than this. If flying Korean Air, you need to arrive 3 hours before.

  Los Angeles to Phuket via Seoul Incheon. Do not book your flight with Korean Air, they have terrible customer service. We booked our trip 8 months in advance and paid for our flights and hotels. My husband ended up not being able to go on the trip so I tried to change the ticket to my son and was told this was not possible. Supervisors will says they will call you back in 7-8 hours and a week goes by without a call, I tired calling everyday and was told they were unavailable. We ended up not being able to on the trip and lost over $5000 in air fare and hotels money paid. Our family is completely devastated. We never go on expensive trips and the first one we attempted we lost out on all because Korean Air can not change a ticket name from a father to a son of the same family. Weird since they advertise they pride themselves on family.
  Singapore to Honolulu via Seoul Incheon.  Singapore to Incheon on an A330-300 which has the new economy class seats. I was impressed by the legroom which makes this 6 hours flight more than comfortable. The touch screen IFE system is very responsive; I am a pop songs enthusiast, the IFE had offered me so far the greatest variety of songs. My connecting flight from Incheon to Honolulu is operated by an old B747-400, and even though the IFE is the old version, the seat was surprisingly comfortable, despite the outdate, it still has wide choices of songs and movies. For both flights, the meals were very tasty, the cabin crew and ground staff in Incheon airport are very friendly and helpful. I would definitely fly again soon.
  Auckland to London via Seoul. Excellent communication to advise us that inbound flight was delayed so checked in later. Staff were professional both on the ground and in the air. The selection of food in the premier class lounges was good and seating at both Auckland and Incheon comfortable with plenty of room. On board our seats were 180 flat beds. Very good menu options. Selection of films was also very good. As our flight from Seoul to London connected the following day, Korean put you up at the Hyatt Regency and included dinner and breakfast. Great layover! Really recommend this airline as being exceptionally good value.
  Good price paid for a business class fare return from London to Auckland and I wasn’t expecting too much but was pleasantly surprised. Very polite charming flight attendants if at times a little robotic but good service. I ordered a steak on two sectors and it was wonderfully cooked, something I wasn’t expecting from an airline meal however drinks are served in thimble sized glasses but the flight crew are always obliging with top ups but wine choice is rather limited for a business class product. The 747–8 from Seoul to Auckland business class suites are fantastic private semi enclosed suites with direct aisle access and I understand that Korean may start to use this aircraft on the London to Seoul route which is a far superior business class experience than the 2-3-2 layout of the current 777-300 currently used out of Heathrow. Please be aware that for some reason Korean runs the cabin temperature high so dress lightly although from my own experience this mainly seems to be on the 77-300’s.

  We have just returned from a Christmas trip from Sydney having got business class tickets for £2450 with Korean Air. I think for this money one needs to limit their expectations. It's a flat bed to the other side of the world. Premium carriers were well over £3000. Check in was quick and smooth, the lounges were fine, not top class but for the money more than adequate. Food offering at Seoul was average at best, Sydney breakfast was the best of all. On board everyone was extremely courteous and professional. English was widely spoken. The food offering was pretty good on most sectors even asking how one wanted their steak cooked and then delivering on that offer, the Korean dishes were good especially their signature Bibimbap. I had one dish (cold noodle salad) that wasn't for me, without hesitation after seeing I had not touched it the Flight attendant offered me any other choice I wanted. Korean seems to put less emphasis on drinks than European airlines. Not a bad thing, just different. However once you realise that they only pour about a third of a glass at a time or won't be quick in offering drinks after take off you only had to ask and a drink appeared immediately and with a smile. The wine from LHR was mainly French and pretty average. From ICN-SYD was Californian or Australian and better. There are some new films but the on board entertainment is average. With iPads loaded with films and magazine sthis becomes less important these days. The business bed (the older type on 777's out of Heathrow and the 380 to SYD) were spacious although not the most comfortable for some one 6'3'. They say they are 180 degree flat beds but they aren't completely flat. There was an annoying plastic foot rest that meant you couldn't stretch out enough and the head rest wouldn't push up far enough to not hit your shoulders, along with the pillows being about A4 size. I see that from April Korean are rostering a 747-8 on the LHR-INC route that will have the new prestige sleeper suite. Although also prices are rising to £2550-£2850. I think once you start pushing towards £3k better airlines start to look good value. Due to the near 20 hour gap between flights Korean put you up at The Grand Hyatt hotel at the airport which was fantastic. We had dinner and breakfast included and the food on offer was spectacular. If time is no major concern the ability to break the journey (especially at an airlines expense) have a great nights sleep and then carry on the next day is ideal. I don't think I have ever felt this good after 24 hours of arriving back from Australia.
 I often take flight from Seoul to Paris CDG and vice versa. It's long and tiring flight especially when you are in economy. However, I wouldn't be too frustrated about flying 12 hours with Korean Air. First of all, from check in to ground staff all are kind. The last trip was everything I could ask for an economy passenger. The cabin crew service was exceptional. I was very tired so I decide to sleep and miss my meal. Not only did they reserve a meal for me they combined part of an economy meal and business meal to serve me from the middle of nowhere. They checked up on me several times during flight if everything fine until I walked out through boarding gate.
  I flew to Las Vegas in March 2016. From Manila, I had a layover in Seoul and then flew to Los Angeles. That was a 19 hour flight in total I think. I especially like their spacious legroom. They have excellent food quality. Korean Air's staff are all friendly and attentive to passengers needs. The only thing I didn't like was the clogged sink in the toilet. Overall, I would not hesitate to fly again with them.
  Check in at LHR appeared to be outsourced and was helpful. We had a connecting flight fro SYD to AKL which had been booked separately but they managed to have our luggage checked right through and gave us guidance on how to ensure that the transit at SYD went smoothly. Cabin interior on 777 from LHR to ICN seemed tired. Seats were almost lie flat but combination of protruding headrest and small pillow was most uncomfortable. Cabin stiflingly, almost unbearably, hot during the night. Much more comfortable on A380 on second leg. Food mediocre on both legs. One western (beef and potatoes) and two Korean main courses. Accompaniments basic at best. A limited choice of a couple of reasonable red and white wines on the menu but when presented by staff this came over as whether your preference was red or white with no bottles or indication of the range of choice on display. IFE basic with small range of movies and a definite shortage of blockbusters. Remote did not work on first leg. Staff were generally capable and keen to please on both legs. This trip with Korean Air was offered at a substantial discount to the major providers' pricing and that made it acceptable.
  Hong Kong to Nadi, Fiji via Seoul. It was my first flight with Korean Air and it certainly is the last one. Whoever told me it is one of the best, seems to not have traveled with any other company apart from some Ryanair or American Airlines, which, ironically, are better than Korean Air as far as I am concerned.  My gluten free food - I don't know exactly what they put there, but my strong medicine couldn't help me. When I asked for half a lemon and warm water, which usually helps me a tiny bit at least to calm down when I am trapped on the plane without access to medical help, they gave me a small slice and were visibly annoyed when I asked for more lemon. The service onboard is outrageous. Air-hostesses are more concerned with how they look instead of how they work. Rude answers to simple questions, blocking the way to lavatory while reading something and ignoring me saying "excuse me" a few times, not even saying good bye when passengers were leaving the plane. These are just some examples. On top of those, my suitcase was broken. The mess they created out of this situation is unbelievable. There's nothing straightforward, even to proceed with compensation they ask you to sign a weird document to state you have already received the money (what?). To get the money, you need to go to the airport to get cash from their representative. Imagine being on a small island with a broken luggage not knowing where even to buy a new one that you will like and will not want to throw away to waste. Entertainment system is a joke. Definitely my last flight with them. 
 Manila to New York JFK via Seoul. My flight experience with Korean Air was wonderful. There was no issues with checking in etc, except for some wait from Manila. The crew were generally accommodating, attentive and quite helpful. Able to clearly communicate in English when I had some questions. I will fly with KE again.
  Flew Korean Air from Ulaanbaatar to Incheon. I didn't enjoy this return trip quite as much as previous flights since I had with Korean Air. However, this was not entirely the airlines fault. The passengers I had sat next to on both the going and return legs had poor flight etiquette and understanding of personal space. The meals options were both Korean cuisine but tasted alright. The IFE worked fine both ways. It was a standard flight with no frills.
  I recently travelled from Sydney to Prague (via Incheon) with Korean Air. The legroom on both legs was surprisingly good for economy. Food, service and entertainment were all first rate. The best though is the stopover in Incheon. Arrived late afternoon and taken to 5 star hotel in Incheon and provided with meal vouchers for dinner and breakfast. Plenty of time to walk around the centre of the city, have a great nights sleep and transfer back to the airport in the morning. Definitely the way to go to arrive in Europe fresh and rested. This was my first trip with this airline but it certainly wont be the last.
  London Heathrow to Seoul Incheon. The staff were really helpful and attentive. The flight was slightly delayed but we needed to catch our train shortly after arriving (this journey only runs once a day). One attendant helped us get to the front of the plane (we were all the way at the back), she really went above and beyond which meant we caught our train on time!
  Washington to Seoul Incheon. The Korean Air counter service was horrible. Their kiosks was not working. When I got to the counter and weigh my 2 check in bags which is under the weight limit. Then she ask to weigh my carry on and laptop bag. She stated that my carry on combination was over the weight limitations. I ask her what do you mean? She said the combination of both bags should be under 12kg. While the gentlemen next checking in with me who has the same amount of luggages and carry on bags go in without his carry on bags being weigh. It cost me $100 for 5 pounds of extra weight. Lesson learn : Korean air pick and choose who ever they want to charge extra. And this is will be my last flight with Korean Air.
 Flight from Sao Paulo (GRU) to Los Angeles with Korean Air in business class. Old aircraft, Airbus A330. Old cabin. Departure was delayed 20 minutes. Very good service from the cabin crew. They even served one main course with the side dish of another main course. Service is attentive not intrusive. Arrived on time at LAX. Will fly again with Korean but only in newer aircraft.
  New York JFK to Tashkent via Seoul Incheon. This is the worst Asian airline I could ever flown. Customer service is inexistent. Business seat are small, not fully 180 degrees reclinable and lacking any other amenities (decent pillow, comforter, etc). The entertaining system is only good if you want to know your flight path, but the selection of movies is terribly old. Food, besides being mediocre for a business class, is 90% Korean. Beverages are average and limited. Female cabin crew were impossible to understand in English and clearly not there for foreigners or willing to accommodate anything you ask for. Be aware that if you, like in my case a Diamond Elite 360 Delta Skymiles member, or have an account with any Skyteam partner airline, you will not accrue elite qualifying miles, bonus miles, or extras. Korean Air just gives you base flown miles! There is no recognition for your elite status with other Skymiles partner airline. The business lounge at Incheon is awful. It is more like being in an open street bazar, and lacking any basic services. Avoid this airline at all cost. First and last experience for me. For the same ticket price, you have better options in Asia.
  First time flying out of the country from San Francisco to Incheon and I had a great experience. Initially, there was a flight delay because the in-flight entertainment system needed rebooting, which is understandable considering the long 12 hour flight. Despite the delay, we made it to Incheon Int'l Airport on time. The flight attendants were attentive and nice, and I felt like a valued customer. Complimentary sleep masks, slippers, and a toothbrush and toothpaste were given as well. The food was really good, relative to what I expect of airplane food. We were served food twice, snacks twice, and refreshment beverages here and there. I found the meals to be quite balanced, each one containing the main proteins/carbs, side dish, and a slice of dessert. After looking around at cheaper options, I'm glad I went with my gut and booked with Korean Air. A 12 hour flight can be extremely uncomfortable, but it was very.
  I had a positive experience on my recent flight from Incheon to Chicago. I felt the crew provided very high-quality service. Even though I was travelling economy, I felt  well taken care of. There is not much to say about the food, it was not pleasantly surprising. My seat was comfortable and there was enough leg room. I have mixed emotions about the seat headrest though. It was just comfortable enough so that I could sit and rest without using the neck pillow I packed, but it was not supremely comfortable, so I still wanted to use my neck pillow at times. However, the presence of the headrest made it physically awkward to use my neck pillow (despite the percentage of my review devoted to this topic, it was not that big of a deal). The in-flight entertainment options were solid, with a good variety of movies from different genres. I enjoyed the collection of audio tracks.  The blanket was more comfortable than average, and a perfect size. The design was beautiful, a soft purple with faded Korean Air logos. My flight with Korean Air was a carefree experience, exactly what commercial flying should be.
 
Vancouver to Cebu via Incheon with Korean Air. Excellent customer service. Upon check-in in Vancouver, I informed the Korean Air staff that my mother's last name was missing a letter. Right away, they catered for us and positively informed us that they should be able to fix the mistakes. There were 3 staff helping us out and all of them were super friendly. We were very pleased of the customer service that we recieved from this airline, from the check-in counter to the flight attendants. I will recommend this airline to all my friends and relatives.
  Hong Kong to Seoul on Boeing 747-8I. Generally young cabin crew. No choice of meal offered as I was seated at the rear. USB port, Pillow and blanket available in the 3-hour flight. Seoul Incheon to Hong Kong on Boeing 777-300. Cabin crew speaks fluent English. Courteous service and helpful ground service staff. There is a counter reserved for passengers who are late for their flight. 



  Seoul to Los Angeles. The A380  is something to just behold (the size of the aircraft, interior space, the onboard store, the lounges, etc). I was flying economy, so I did not get to see the 2nd deck, however the photos that are easily available can certainly demonstrate the "flying city" that the KE A380 is. Customer Service that is provided by the professional staff is jaw-dropping (when compared to US Airlines). The International carriers actually "care" about the customer - and it shows. Service was impeccable - in economy. Once airborne, the various sections of economy had their own dedicated flight attendants, and they ensured each passenger in their area of responsibility was taken care of. The onboard store is a nice touch, on such a long flight. The food was outstanding. And, I was sought out by the crew, about 120min before touchdown in LAX, and "asked" if I would mind moving to 1st class for the remainder of the flight, in order to ensure that I made my connecting flight (I had a 2hr 10min layover in LAX). Of course I accepted, so by the time I traversed the aircraft to the front, I had about 1hr+ to enjoy 1st class. Upon landing I was the first off, there was a KE attendant at the end of the bridge with my name on a sign, and they took me thru Customs, in a expedious manner (even though I was Global Entry, the KE clearance was much quicker). The attendant stayed with me until I retrieved my bags and I was clear customs and out of the International terminal in about 40min total! If you are flying to Asia, there are several 5star carriers - but KE is at the top of the list.
  Paris to Seoul Incheon with Korean Air. Nice A380. Seats are OK. However, no crew member speaks French (we were departing from Paris), no announcement was made in French, and crew members hardly speak English. Meals were meh, and in-flight entertainment did not offer a lot movies compared to other airlines.
 Tokyo Narita to Vancouver via Incheon with Korean Air. It is actually very difficult to secure a seat on a 777 (low density 9 abreast) between Vancouver and Asia during the summer months. So Korean's B747-8i flight looked like it might be an alternative, even at a substantial premium to other airlines. Unfortunately on my return leg to YVR, an older B747-400 was used. Legroom in coach seems reasonable for KE on the 8i, but seat 63H on a B747-400 felt really tight. Service was good but the comfort was the missing element. I had contemplated purchasing 3 seats for my son and I on a cheaper carrier, but had decided not to. That might have been a mistake.
 Flown from Seattle to Incheon and then Incheon to Singapore with Korean Air. I was satisfied with the performance and service rendered by the ground crew in Seattle and Incheon. The seat (33A) was spacious by my standard (5' 5" and 130 pounds). Sufficient leg room. Even though the plane was full, there was sufficient overhead compartment space for every passenger to put their hand luggage/bags. Flight crew on both legs were friendly and attentive. Food wise, it was sufficient but the taste left much to be desired. KE does not provide packets of salt and pepper. Entertainment was limited (I'm being spoilt by the 100+ movies and TV shows on Emirates and Qatar Airways) and came only in 4 languages, predominantly English and Korean..
  Flew from Kansai to Busan. Flight was delayed for 2 hours but the ground staff were very professional and offered everyone meal vouchers. Despite a one hour flight, meals and drinks were served. The aircraft was immaculate and crew were extremely professional and smiley. I will definitely fly Korean Air again.
  KE124, Brisbane to Incheon (A330) and KE867, Incheon to Ulaanbaatar (A330) with Korean Air. An uneventful flight which began with a quick check-in where I was recognised as an Alitalia Millemiglia Ulisse member with priority-check in and boarding. The flight itself was smooth until we were half-way into our journey from ICN to ULN when turbulent weather delayed the food service. The meals from ICN to BNE where a mixture of Asian and Western cuisine, while the food on the ICN to ULN leg were entirely Asian cuisine, comprising of chicken or beef with noodles. Overall, the food was of good quality. As for the IFE, I found the options to be reasonably plentiful to keep me occupied for the entire 15 hour trip. I would fly with Korean Air again.
  Our recent flight was our fourth trip to the UK in 6 years from Sydney to London via Seoul and as usual Korean Air always impresses with its high standards in every aspect of flying. The flight attendants are friendly, smiling and cannot do enough to make the flight so enjoyable. The planes are well maintained, new, spotlessly clean and very comfortable with abundant leg room, even in economy. The pilots keep you informed and provide a smooth and safe flight from takeoff to landing. Entertainment is more than adequate, varied and up to date. The food / beverage options are most appetizing with a variety of choices. From Sydney to London, Seoul is an excellent stop over as it breaks the journey in half (2 x 10, 11 hour flights) and the accommodation provided by KAL, as part of the fare, is always the best. Our last trip we stayed at the Orakai Songdo Park Hotel in Songdo about 25 minutes from Incheon Airport. Incheon is a great airport, very easy to get around and has everything to keep you entertained and refreshed between flights. Check-In, security and luggage collection is always a simple, quick process. 
  I flew Korean Air from Bali to Seoul in Prestige Class (Business Class). Though it is one of the longest intra-Asia routes (7 hours), the food and service onboard are both really poor. First of all, there is no proper meal to be served after taking off. Korean Air probably expects that all passengers would choose sleeping instead. For the first meal there was just one satay with two drops of hot sauce. For the second meal (breakfast) before landing, there was only one bowl of very watery congee with three different toppings. This was one of the worst catering experiences I have had. Secondly, the service was sloppy. The FA I interacted with was indifferent and didn't want to bothered. I also notice they only serve quarter glasses of champagne each time which is very annoying. So instead of giving you a full glass of champagne, they would serve it to you four times if you were consistent enough to keep calling them back. Other airlines like Thai would offer amenity kit for such a long flight but Korean Air didn’t offer anything. All in all, a waste of money.
  Seoul to Paris with Korean Air. I am traveling with my triathlon bike, which is sometimes an issue for some airlines, but there was no problem at check-in in Seoul and it was perfectly managed up to its arrival in Paris where ground staff was not as gentle with it as ground staff in Seoul. Lounge in Seoul is located quite centrally, which allows to have a quick shower and food prior to boarding. Cabin in A380 is quite standard, not in the top category compared to some other airlines as the seats are the original ones and not yet modernized. The seats are slightly transmitting vibrations from the plane and heat when set in bed mode. Quality of the meals are great, especially for Korean food (it is necessary to be accustomed to Korean food as some dishes can be quite special, e.g. chewy noodles & chilled broth or spicy octopus). I especially appreciated the service onboard. I found the crew efficient and pleasant. After the meal, I made a comment saying I would not say no to chocolate, and few minutes after they brought me a coffee with delicious cookies from upper class. They constantly check if passengers are comfortable and require anything, doing it in a discreet manner without disturbing people. From the various airlines I fly with, Korean Air has one of the best service. 
  The 13 hour flight in Business class from Seoul to Toronto onboard Korean Air KE73 turned out to be a real pleasure. Overall, there was a good choice of food, drinks (including Canadian ice wine) and the service was provided by genuinely friendly staff. Definitely recommended.
