 The delay of my flight from Haneda to Doha caused a bit of chaos upon arrival. Despite my efforts to reach the gate promptly, I was denied boarding due to luggage issues, and the lack of assistance added to the frustration. I paid for an Economy Comfort package, which was supposed to include an aisle seat. However, upon boarding, I was informed that no aisle seats were available, despite assurances beforehand. Additionally, my luggage tag was lost during the boarding pass exchange, leading to further uncertainty upon arrival in London. What was meant to be a 19-hour journey turned into a 27-hour ordeal. When I requested assistance from staff regarding a re-arrangement they promised to get back to me within 5-10 minutes, but no one followed up until I reached out again. The security queue at Heathrow on departure from the UK was incredibly long, with a wait time of about 1.5 hours just to get through. Overall, while the crew onboard was courteous and provided great service, the experience was marred by these inconveniences. 
  They convinced me that I needed to pay $1500 to add my middle name to my flight, or they wouldn't allow me on the plane. When I got to the airport, they didn't put my middle name on the ticket and I didn't have any issues. I paid $2300 to upgrade our seats to business class from Doha to Montreal. Not even an hour into the flight, the seat reclined on its own, pinching my leg. The seat wouldn't stay up the rest of the 13.5 hour flight.
  I have sent 5 emails and have only received 2 automatic response emails after initiating our complaint 10 weeks ago. I have sent all of the relevant documentation to support our claim for a refund. Our group of 3 booked adjoining Exit Row seats on the Upper Deck of an A380 from Doha to Perth after a connecting flight from Amman. We paid for our Exit Row seats on August 22 2023 and received email confirmation that day. What was a shock to us is that when we were at Amman airport we got our tickets for the second leg, from Doha to Perth, we saw that we had been seats on the lower deck. We said this was wrong and showed our August confirmation for seats 30 A, B and C on the upper deck. We were told by Qatar Airways staff in Amman that it could only be fixed up in Doha. We were also told that the reason was that the plane had been changed from an A380 (which was not correct) . Our connecting flight from Amman to Doha was not only cancelled but deleted altogether meaning we had a 10.5 hour transit instead of the original 2.5 hours. Then at the Boarding Gate in Amman we were informed that there were 2 Exit Row seats available in the Upper Deck and that these had been put on hold for us and to see the Qatar Ground staff in Doha. We were in a queue for almost an hour at the Qatar Service Desk in Doha. I asked how the seats we had booked and paid extra for in August, and provided emails and a hard copy to verify this, were no longer available for us? We were told that it was a system error. There was no apology at all for the system error. We were further disappointed to find out that the 2 Exit Row seats on the Upper Deck that we had been told by staff at the boarding Gate at Amman had been “reserved” were not actually retained for us and that only 1 Exit Row seat was available. Understandably we were not happy that we did not receive the Exit Row seats that we had booked and paid for more than 3 months prior. Through no fault of our own we were victims of a Qatar Airways system error. We did not complain to the flight attendants on the Doha to Perth flight as we understood that they had no control over the seat allocation. However, we politely asked the people in seats 30A and 30B, that we had paid for in August, when they had purchased their seats and were informed that they had done so about 2 weeks prior. I chose Exit Row seats on the Upper Deck because of the extra space and the cabin configuration of 2 by 4 by 2 seats and because my wife and I would be seated next to each other and the other member of our group would be in the next available Exit Row seat. Instead of all being seated next to each other in Exit Row seats we were split up and certainly didn’t get what we paid for. Plus all of the wasted time trying unsuccessfully in Amman and then at the Transit Desk in Doha to sort out the error created by Qatar Airways assigning our seats to someone else. It is bad enough that we didn’t get 2 of the Exit Row seats that we had paid for that were allocated to other people who booked well after us. What is worse is that there has been no attempt by Qatar Airways to address our complaint let alone issue the refund to which we are entitled. Our complaint isn’t complex. 
 We flew on probably the first A380 the airline received but it’s up keep is very good the caviar was excellent and the rack of lamb was perfect the entertainment system though the screens were huge and not very cooperative it is very dated as for WiFi was bad to say the least. The seating in First Class was good and the toilets are huge I hope they update the A380.
  Service was ok, pretty good on my aisle and extremely slow where my wife was seated. Layout was good, but not exceptional, I’d rate them maybe 7/10. Landing in Doha, we then had quite a long wait for steps to be brought to the aircraft and then a 10 to 15 minute bus ride to the terminal. There is a lot of competition for routes from Europe to Australasia and think I’ll pick one of the other options in future.
 12th February 2024 From check in to get onboard remarkable experience. Since steping at Hamad International airport every one was so welcoming. Check in agent was very professional and helpful. Al mourjan lounge was realy good. Great tasting food. On board all cabin crew was kind professional welcoming. Seat very good, leg space and incredible service, and a very clean plane. Inflight entertainment was great too. The staff was very polite. Arriving at London, Qatar staff gave me Fast track card that helps me to pass imigration quick. Thank you Qatar Airways.
  Remarkable experience. Great tasting food, leg space and incredible service, and a very clean plane. Inflight entertainment was great too. The staff was very polite.
  My last travel in January 2024 the food quality and presentation had deteriorated and the service. During  booking one has to pay for seats in case one does not want to wait until check-in. On the first leg the crew mechanically did their job. It is ok, but not what you expect from Qatar Airways. Amenity kits are not provided any longer on every flight during the night. Nonetheless you sometimes still find the old welcoming and service oriented Qatar Airways spirit. The crew on the second leg was outstanding as well as ground staff at JRO. Flying Qatar Airways is still a good value for money, but it was not the extraordinary experience.
  What a trip, highest level possible, probably. Lounge in Frankfurt a bit underwhelming as Qatar uses Priority Pass Lounge that isn’t up to Qatar‘s standards. From boarding the plane in Frankfurt to Doha, transferring in Doha, visiting their business class lounge there and onward flight from Doha to Melbourne in their QSuite, nothing but praises! Food outstanding, wine list outstanding, seat (and sleep) comfort outstanding: you can’t get it any better!
  No complaints about the service or products onboard. However, they lost my bag at JFK for a week, and when I had to waste a day of my own vacation time to go buy some clothes, they refuse to fully reimburse me and I had to chase and jump through hoops to get any compensation offer from them.  It has been few months, and I have not gotten anything yet. All this over a couple hundred dollars; it's utterly disgraceful. 
  When I arrived at my departing airport, Baltimore Washington, my flight was cancelled for my first leg due to bad weather. This part of the flight is with American Airlines. American had no other flights leaving BWI for the rest of the day and I needed to get a connecting flight from Chicago to Doha. They only could offer a flight leaving the next nearest airport 40 miles away w/ no way to get there and it would also change my return flight to that same airport. This was not an option for me so I decided to make a last-minute decision to fly another airline that was flying out of BWI at a cost. I figured I could get refunded for that part of the flight from Qatar or even American - sadly not. American told me that Qatar would have to refund it. On the ground at the airport in CHI, it was a mess. It took an hour to get through check-in. While weather was bad, there were enough agents. Getting to the gate and waiting to board wasn't a problem. I got an upgraded seat in economy class that had plenty of space. My return flight I picked the same seat and had another seatmate with an upgraded experience. Now between these two fights I'd say the first wasn't as bad because the attendant also gave me my food right after my seatmate. Shouldn't be an issue , since you have the cart of food right there. Why on the return flight I didn't get my meal until the attendant came back after he went up to the front of the plane. Inflight entertainment was top notch. There were plenty of movies, TV shows and music. The internet was choppy w/ my device so I just stayed w/ the entertainment they provided. I also think the food was great. I enjoyed all meals and they were portioned just right. As for the issue of my refund, I'm still fighting.
  Have been using Qatar Airways for years and they never let us down. From the check in desk in Nice to the arrival in Doha can’t fault the trip. The staff on the plane are so very pleasant and always come to see us just to check if we need anything. Will continue to use them and definitely recommend them.
  I flew Qatar Airways during the COVID pandemic and they were wonderful in the air but not so good on the ground. At Doha , passengers are jammed in a small boarding area with insufficient seats or air conditioning and the boarding proceeds in an undignified scramble. Once on board, the Qatar quality starts. Welcoming drink, a very spacious Q suite and a comfortable seat. Dinner was delicious with a dry Riesling and later on breakfast was equally good. No other airline comes anywhere close to Qatar.
 Firstly I must state that on three of the legs of my journey to Penang and back to Birmingham were excellent. On 23 September boarded flight from Penang to Doha. There is a short hop from Penang to Phuket and the crew were very good, a special note for Melissa who was friendly, engaging and attentive and a credit to Qatar Airways. However everything changed when a new crew embarked at Phuket. They were sullen and unsmiling from the outset. Service was abysmal. Tablecloths were given as serviettes and getting a glass of wine or water was like getting blood from a stone. Distribution of food was chaotic. I am not sure if this was the fault of the Cabin Manager or the individual flight attendants or some disagreement among the crew. Whatever, it was not the standard expected from business class on Qatar. Shortly before landing the Cabin Manager did his rounds and I stated I was unhappy with the service...about 10 minutes later he returned and asked for more information. If Qatar Airways read these comments I hope they investigate this matter and it was a blotch on the otherwise excellent service I was provided by other aircrews.
 I had a recent flight with Qatar Airways from Ahmedabad to Detroit on 25th January with stop at Doha and Chicago. The flight from Ahmedabad to Doha was on scheduled time. When we reached Doha HIA airport the staff told us that our next flight from Doha to Chicago was overbooked and we cannot board. They had us waiting for almost 1 hour saying they are figuring out options for what can be done. After some time they gave us an option of flight to JFK which was after 24 hours. We waited until 26th January at Doha airport. After reaching JFK we were told that connecting flight to Detroit was from another airport (La Guardia). Then we were transferred to La Guardia airport. From there we went to Detroit. Total 47 hours on flight and airport.  Bags didn’t came on time either.
  When my flight with Qatar was delayed through no fault of Qatar, fog bound, in Georgia I experienced Qatar at its worst. Planes flew the next morning but we had a 26 hour delay. When they sent us to a very nice hotel they had only one hour person issuing vouchers and hotel arrangements for a plane load. They transferred us to the hotel and we returned to the airport and we sat and watched the following days scheduled flight, that we were meant to be on, leave with passengers and we had to sit and wait another 2 hours, which was consequently delayed another hour through unexplained circumstances which caused for an additional six hour layover in Doha. On checking in again I had a silver pass and there were three of us lined up for business class check in. My friend in economy was 30 deep and she got served before I did. We then had three gate changes without any announcements, we had to find the gates and on the boards there was no information as to what flight was leaving. They bussed us out to the plane on the tarmac in Georgian winter weather, there was no covered canopy on the stairs up to the plane as we stood in the rain waiting to board. I contacted Qatar help on the number given to me by Qatar and they said I have to email "talk to us" which only responded to half my email.  When I wrote a complaint I was addressed using a wrong name.  I wrote earlier in 2023 about a sublime flight, as they say from the sublime to the ridiculous.
 First time travelling long distance by Qatar Airways. It was a 17hr flight. Cabin is well-maintained and clean, very spacious for 900/1000 series. The leg space was ample and seat space is great too. The cabin crews are friendly and professional but among them, there is 1 steward who went extra miles to make my journey extra special. He seems like the most junior one but he was very confident and helpful. As I was traveling with a broken foot, he assisted me with my hand carry bags till the point I left the cabin (taken over by ground staff). Every crew did their jobs but he made an extra effort to help a passenger. Thank You for his kindness.
  I have flown with Qatar in economy, business and in first class. I fly two or three times a year with them. I recently had the privilege of experiencing the epitome of airborne luxury aboard the world's best airline, and I must say that the exceptional service provided by the cabin crew left an indelible mark on my travel experience. From the moment I stepped on board until the final descent, every aspect of the journey was a testament to the dedication and professionalism of the airline's remarkable cabin crew. Beyond the technical aspects of the service, what truly set this airline's cabin crew apart was their genuine warmth and hospitality. It was evident that they enjoyed their work and took pride in creating a positive and enjoyable atmosphere for passengers. Whether it was a friendly conversation, a reassuring smile, or going the extra mile to accommodate special requests, the cabin crew consistently exceeded expectations. In conclusion, the world's best airline undoubtedly boasts the world's best cabin crew. Their commitment to excellence, attention to detail, and genuine hospitality set a standard that other airlines would do well to emulate. Traveling with this airline is not just a journey; it's an unforgettable experience that leaves passengers feeling pampered, valued, and eager to embark on their next adventure with the finest cabin crew in the skies.
  Four excellent flights, including two ultra-long haul flights from Doha-Auckland return, and all were excellent. Cabins were clean, comfortable and spacious. Meals were decent - maybe a bit on the small side, but good quality. IFE was also good, plenty of choices there. What really stood out though was the service - staff were almost consistently friendly, polite, attentive and caring. I had a couple of crew who really looked out for me, introducing themselves, offering regular drink top-ups (decent selection of wines were offered) and priority meal selection as a silver FF member. I find this impressive for a low silver status. Great flights!
  Upon arriving in Doha, a 30-minute bus ride from the plane to the terminal and an interminable wait at security caused me to miss my connecting flight. What followed was a horrendous 18-hour layover during which I was denied accommodation and food assistance. The transfer desk's response? "No hotels available for you." I discovered available rooms at nearby hotels myself, costing me £300. This level of service is beyond comprehension, Qatar Airways left me out in the cold with expenses I should never have incurred. In my extensive travels, I have never encountered such incompetence and lack of empathy. 
  Following a downgrade of my flight Bali to London from business to a seat first in Economy and then a seat without power or possibility to move it, Qatar Airways offered me a ridiculous compensation of 10k avios worth 100$. No alternative business flight was offered and the compensation is an insult given the price of the ticket.
 Doha to Goa in Business Class on Boeing 787-8. This 3 hours flight was on time. Business Class seat configuration was the older product (no Qsuite) but very comfortable nevertheless. Flawless onboard service that we have come to expect from Qatar. Summary: it doesn't get better than Qatar Airways in Business Class.
 Copenhagen to Doha in Business Class on a Boeing 787-9. Qatar Airways lived up to its reputation as the finest Business Class product. On this 787-9, the seats were the older type (not the Qsuite) but very comfortable nevertheless. Onboard service was flawless. Qatar serves meals on demand in Business Class. If there is one point of criticism it is that the food served could do with more attention to both the quality and care in preparation. WiFi worked very well throughout the flight. All in all, a relaxing, comfortable flight.
 The in flight staff was not attentive at all. Requested mango juice as part of lunch, never arrived. The attendant never came to offer me snacks or drinks. Paid 1200£ for a economy ticket, but received a below average service from this staff. It's their responsibility to attend every customer during the flight, they failed badly with me.
  Flight to Doha was good. Qatar ground crew sent a message to arrive at the airport 4 hours before departure because of possible delays due construction. We arrived at the airport as instructed but there were no one at the check in counters. The counters were opened 3 hours before departure as usual. When I asked the Qatar agent on why we had to arrive 4 hours before departure, she didn’t know why and she opened the counters 3 hours before departure as scheduled. We requested for a wheel chair for 1 passenger when we booked the tickets, but we had to go back to the agent to order a wheelchair. We waited at a designated spot but no one came. We went through security to the lounge where they promptly got us a wheelchair to get to the gate. 
  I found the cabin crew very professional, courteous, proactive, and without a doubt they clearly enjoyed their job. The meals served were most enjoyable and well presented. The flight of 7 and 13 hours soon passed without any problems, well worth it.
  We booked and confirmed our tickets to India 9 months before the date of departure. (ATH-DOH, DOH-CCU). At some point and close to departure date, we received an email from Qatar informing us that our flights were cancelled, and we should either ask for refund or reschedule. Our already booked program and domestic flights did not allow us to cancel and rebook new flights. A very polite Qatar staff assisted us over the phone to reschedule by adding an extra flight and 6-7 hrs additional traveling time to our outgoing flights (ATH-SAW-DOH-CCU) Waiting time in Doha for our connection was 50 min on both legs outgoing and returning. On both trips upon arrival at DOH , there was a lengthy bus ride from the plane to the terminal of almost 15-20 min which was followed by a hurried security check and then a sprint to the gate to catch the next flight, which we boarded last, to realize that our initially booked and prepaid seats  were messed up. The issue was smoothly and quickly resolved by the very polite and mindful cabin manager on QR 203 on Dec 17th. In any case, our mixed feelings from our eventful Qatar booking experience, were all surpassed by the positive impression of the cabin crew's extraordinary efficiency and professionality. All Qatar accolades go to the hard working cabin crew. I also wish to highlight the better passenger experience that the A350 offers compared to the one on B787, which felt very cramped.
 I flew from Ho Chi Minh friday the 5th of January 2024. I had a panic attack due to a fit of claustrophobia. I have never tried it before. It was one of the worst things I have ever tried. The staff were absolutely wonderful. I do hope this message can reach the staff somehow. I really want to thank them. So hereby, thank you very much for your kindness and understanding!
  Check in at DUS airport well organized and efficient. DUS third party lounge was nothing to shout about. Departure delayed by about an hour due to late arrival of incoming aircraft, no prior information given, the first info was given 10 min after the proposed boarding time. SMS from Qatar was received while on the plane already. Boarding rather chaotic despite 8 gate agents. But part of the boarding issues could be contributed to the increasingly impatient crowd. Flight was good with great catering and service. The usual remote stand arrival in Doha with longish bus transfer. Service at lounge was good. Departure gate for the next flight very crowded and also chaotic and unorganized. The poor sole agent at the door had to endure a lot of shouting and pushing; the zone system simply does not work at Doha airport. Flight itself was full and unremarkable, with average catering and service. WiFi didn’t work again throughout the entire flight. Arrival at &BKK also at a remote stand and long bus transfer. 
  I booked a round-trip flight from MXP to BKK via DOH that, on paper, should have been very comfortable: 1-2-1 configuration on the first leg and Qsuites on the second leg. The day before travelling I received the email from Qatar Airways, informing me of the change of aircraft. I understand that, in certain circumstances, airlines have to change aircrafts for operational reasons from time to time, but when this happens and ends up in a sort of downgrade, it becomes quite annoying. The DOH-BKK flight, originally equipped with Qsuites, was replaced by an old 777 with a 2-2-2 configuration. I had to sleep on a very uncomfortable angled bed. Qatar Airways, in the email sent to me the day before the departure, wanted to emphasize two things:  If I wanted to keep the Qsuites, I could change dates for free; I obviously contacted them immediately and they proposed an alternative to me, but they told me that I would have to pay another 2700 EUR. I don't quite understand the meaning of free in it. Alternatively, despite the lack of Qsuites, I could still take advantage of all the luxury and comfort of Qatar Airways. My attempts to obtain a partial refund, even in the form of Avios were completely ignored.
  Well coordinated airbridge (a rarity at Doha airport nowadays) boarding. Newish B789 with comfortable seats, large and responsive IFE screens and decent food. Cabin crew was enthusiastic and helpful. Flight arrived ahead of time.
  Flight on time, remote stand bus transfer in BKK, something I have not seen in BKK for many years for a full service carrier and in Doha. The B773 was rather old, cold draft from exit door, my touch screen not well responding, food ok, seats narrow and uncomfortable. This was a very average flight.
  We had seats on top level of A380. Two seats only together. Service was excellent and food and beverages also good. All in all a good flight and would fly with Qatar again.
  My in-flight entertainment system did not work at my seat for the 8h+ flight. I flagged this to the flight attendants which attempted to fix it to no avail, so I had no entertainment. I raised this with customer services upon my return home as in my opinion I did not receive the service I paid for, and I would expect a part refund however I was met with a half apology and fabrications. I was told that according to their reports I was offered an alternative seat which I refused.
  Overall excellent experience, service, punctuality, onboarding experience. Excellent Variety of Food and beverages. Number one airline in all aspects.
  This has literally been one of my all time most pleasant flights. The food was top notch even for economy and the portions were super delicious. We were served restaurant level Thai and Vietnamese curries for dinner and lunch respectively. The infotainment was very advanced and you can easily use your phone to control it. The Wifi was also fast and reliable. I am definitely choosing Qatar Airways as my go-to option for all my Japan flights.
  Qatar Airways provides (and has been providing) a level of service second to none. Be it the aircraft, the airport, the cabin crew, the ground staff or anyone bump into, it’s a joy ride. Having flown to almost every country and tried over 150 airlines, it wasn’t difficult to rate Qatar. Now I’m flying back to Dubai and an almost 7 hour layover at Doha intl. seems less given the past wonderful experience. Keep it up Qatar!
  After some pretty poor experiences this year using my preferred airline Singapore Airlines, I decided to try Qatar again after 6 years. Check in at Heathrow T4 quick and polite as was the boarding process. On board I found the A380 upper deck very good for economy, service from the crew was very good as was the food. Transfer in Doha quick and easy boarding for KUL done well and again seating felt roomy and comfortable even with the 3-4-3 seating on the 777, arrived KL a little early good flights. Returning check in polite unfortunately KLIA is a dreadful airport, possibly the worst in Asia with poor and uninterested staff along with poor facilities. That apart despite a 2 hour delay the flight to Doha was again pretty good, quick transfer in Doha all fine and the final flight to London was very nice. Bags recovered quickly, I will be using Qatar Airways in future.
  Very nice flights with Qatar Airways. Aircraft clean and well maintained, professional cabin crew, they never disappoint. The only thing to complain is that I passed through Hamad International several times and they never used fingers but only buses. This implies long wait and traffic jam due to the high number of buses. I imagine this is due to the strong increase of Qatar Airways destinations, but in any case it's a pity for such a beautiful airline! All in all, very good work Qatar.
 Overall, it was okay. The food was pretty good, leg room was acceptable (wouldn't say the best though), customer service was good. The seats however, were really uncomfortable, they were very thin and had next to no padding which on a 14 hr flight, followed by a 7hr flight was brutal. We couldn't wait to get off. After this we flew, Cathay Pacific, ANA, and Jetstar, I've also flown Emirates, Air NZ, Qantas, LATAM, and Virgin, so I have a lot to compare it to. I'd only fly with them again if they were significantly cheaper then competitors.
  I cover my checked bag with a cloth envelope to prevent it from scuffing. This flight plan involved a local carrier from Durban to Joburg and then Qatar to Doha then Chongqing. On my return flight, the plane was delayed for over an hour, due to mechanical issues in Doha. Consequently, by the time I landed in Joburg OR Tambo airport, passed through passport control, and picked up my baggage, my connecting flight was boarding. As OR Tambo re-check baggage was no longer operational, I had to rush to departures to check in my bag. The time was so time that the airline employee had to check with her supervisor to see if it could be loaded. I rushed through domestic security and was among the last passengers to board. When I landed in Durban, I had a chance to check my luggage and noticed damage. I complained at Durban airport and to Qatar. Qatar kept repeating that when I was in OR Tambo, I should have checked my luggage and filed a written damage report, which would have caused me to miss my plane. 
  Mahe - Doha. Allows 23kg + 7kg hand luggage per person. We had 1x large suitcase weighing 27kg and we had to repack twice even though we were under the permitted weight of 46kg. The lady and supervisor at check-in say there is no other way.  Mahé - Doha. Erlaubt 23kg + 7kg Handgepäck pro Person. Wir hatten 1x grossen Koffer mit 27kg und wir mussten 2x umpacken obwohl wir insgesamt unter den erlaubten 46kg lagen. Dame und Supervisor am Check-in sagen es geht nicht anderst.
  Seats are too narrow, no space for my legs. Transfer in Doha was complicated and unfriendly personnel. Boarding was chaotic. Will not fly Qatar Airways again. 
  From an epic experience to merely average. Have flown with QR many times long haul and Q suite is epic and unbeatable. However 4 recent trips to Istanbul in business class including the most recent reduce it to very average. The plane is a leased ex Cathay 777 still sporting the green flashes of Cathay, circa 11 years old and feels it. My major gripe is around service and food and beverage. On such a short circa 3.30 hour flight it was pedantic, why have stellar wine list if staff do not actively ask me if I want a refill let alone ask if I would like any at all. The food was sub par with a tough overcooked steak no coffee service no follow up no greeting and no goodbye.
  I was originally booked to fly on Cathay Pacific on 22 October however the flight Melbourne to Hong Kong was delayed by nine hours and I would not make the connection to Manchester. It took Cathay 6 hours to rebook me for the next available day of a direct flight HK to Manchester only for the same thing to happen again. On the second occasion I managed to get re-routed using Qatar Airways and this proved to be a welcome lucky break. Both flights were excellent with decent legroom and comfortable seats. Meals were better than expected and FA were both efficient and friendly. I managed to get some sleep on both flights. During the night FA made several runs through the cabin with drinks and snacks for those who were awake. The Doha to Manchester flight was full with only a few spare seats we left Doha late but that was not a airline problem but that of several large family groups of passengers who had not booked seats together but felt that numerous other passengers should be relocated to enable them to be accommodated in a seating arrangement they deemed acceptable. Flight attendants could have been more forceful in getting passengers into their allocated seats but it took a senior crew member to establish order so we could depart.
  They charge an extra 100+ dollars for "extra legroom" without disclosing the fact that this area is used for bassinets, has extremely hard to reach Electric ports, and no TV or entertainment system unlike the other seats. There is no benefit to sitting here and in fact, as a result of sitting here, I got no sleep as I was sitting next to a newborn baby during a 13 hour flight. When I request a refund for the first seat I upgraded I was denied because I'd already flown the flight and "used the seat". My grievances were ignored.
 I have flown with them before and it used to be the best airlines where flight attendants were so warm and welcoming. Today I flew again with them and the all the interactions I had from check-in to my Flight attendant, everyone was just so passive aggressive. The seats are still nice with amazing space and amenities but the crew level has come down significantly.
  This has been my first flight on Qatar in Y class since the onset of the pandemic and it was a huge disappointment. The catering was among the worst I had in a long time. They were not even half way through the cabin, when only one choice of meal was available. The minced beef with mashed potatoes were poor in taste and presentation. Bread rolls were  replaced by corn bread. No butter provided. The service was very slow and finally ended 3.5h after takeoff. The seats were narrow and uncomfortable. Considering the price I’ve paid, and what I got in return, I will not fly Qatar again until it returns to its old standards of service and catering.
  I find Qatar Airways to be my favorite airline at the moment. The whole experience from booking to traveling, to end destination is very professional and easy. I had to make changes to my return journey, so I called Qatar (after hours my time), my call was answered straight away, the lady said that she could make change for me (AUD $60) or alternatively I could do it myself online (AUD $11). I chose to change myself online, very easy. As for my flight this week, PER-DOH-LYS, it was great, even though it was in economy, the food was much better that other airlines flown recently. I'll definitely be choosing Qatar where ever possible in the future.
   Great cabin, seats, crew and service excellent. Food could be improved and red wine shouldn't be served cold. WiFi should be included in the hefty business class fares. 
   Always excellent! Service, friendliness, comfort and quality all top. Pre-orderd food worked this time and i got a juice steak. Wine list excellent. The wines could be taken out and get room temperature after take off so when served not ics cold as now. WiFi should be free for the fairs charged in business class!
   Once again an excelent trip with a world class airline. Top greeting, top service, great plane and seats. Food could be a bit better but wine list is excelent. Still think WiFi should be free in business class considering the fairs.
  I flew on November 2nd Doha to Washington. The flight attendant Erica, who served our aisle was amazing in experience, smiling, and courteously served all types of customers with patience during the whole 14 hours flight.
  I should state the inflight crews are nice and the aircraft are nice, however, when things go wrong, this airline is the worst I have ever experienced and does not care if customers face issues. I recently undertook a Business QSuite Trip from from London to Angola for the cost of circa £5000 and the biggest problem was as a result of an initial 6 hour delay due to problems with the aircraft, we missed the second Qatar Airways flight. As a result Qatar gave us no options but rerouted us down to Johannesburg and then up to Angola. This resulted in a 17 hour journey becoming 32hr, but the biggest problem was the Qatar booked some of this via an alternate airline organised by Qatar Airways, which I can only describe as ancient and worrying. This was meant to be a QSuite flight and was chosen so I could work en-route, arrive refreshed and get to work straight away. I wrote to Qatar Airways on my return and they paid out the initial compulsory delayed compensation and then gave a very generic "Sorry, we take your feedback seriously". I have made no progress getting any sort of resolution, all you can get is the generic response). The entire AV system didn't work on one flight - I couldn't charge my laptop on one flight.  Overall, the very worst customer service ever experienced.
 Riyadh to Doha 28-10 2023 on a full, late evening flight. Modern aircraft, A350-900Q. On time. Check-in became a hassle, as there were no transfer counters and I had to shift terminal by arriving with Saudia. I was forced to pay for a transit visa, 150 USD, despite I was never on landside and had only 1 hour transit time. This scrupulous exploitation is unacceptable, just taking advantage of people in rush. QR have no transfer desk nor transfer service in a big international airport to where they are flying several times per day. The good thing is that they, upon my request, at least reopened the check-in counter allowing me to check-in even after the minimum time of 60 minutes had elapsed. A lady behind me was also late, but disallowed to check-in, contrary to me. So, at least I got some premium for my hefty visa fee. Boarding was smooth, despite the flight was fully stuffed apart from an empty seat next to me. No alcohol served onboard with reference to a holy national day in Riyadh. Onboard, served a cold mezze meal, mine was still frozen. Only a single service round, and no service the last full hour prior to landing. Jetbridge provided in both ends. WiFi complicated but not working, a big waste of time trying to connect.
  First time on Qatar using BA miles. I find it hard to understand why this airline is so appreciated. It’s no better than any other. Food is average with hot drinks not being served with breakfast due to the danger of spilling. Half the cabin crew are good and efficient, the other half are not. The A350 is good and comfortable with sufficient legroom, the 787 less so. 
  Nice and comfortable aircraft. Very good and friendly cabin staff service. Especially Saahil was an excellent air hostess. Very kind, helpful and accommodating.
  Doha-Kuwait 26 Oct. 2023 on a B777-300. Transit in Doha went well with some testing of their new gold/platinum lounges. The lounges and airport are overstaffed to my taste. To the extend they are about to become intrusive as they have too little to do. Transfer and revised seat selection was easy with new robot machines in the lounges. After the machine reads your passport, you get full overview and can print out new BP yourself. Impressive. Short evening flight, less than 1 hour duration. Huge aircraft, virtually full (300 pax?). Briefly on time. Gate boarding functioned well through division of passengers into 4 zones. I was treated with respect and served excellently. Food and drinks were informed online prior to travel, which had raised my expectations. And, it was all there: served a nice, cold Arabian mezze, nicely prepared and presented in a transparent design box separated in food sections with a spoon fixed elegantly across the sections. Softdrinks numerous, but surprisingly, cava “champagne” was served as well as wine, spirits, and beers. Two catering service rounds in 55 minutes is impressive. Staff competent, focused, polite, and extremely efficient. They gave me 3 seats due to my Privilege status at their FFP. Headset, blankets given. IFE and WiFi functioned well, was given a headset of good quality. Even if I would have been offered a free business class seat, I would not have changed it for my given 69G seat. I have a full appreciation and pleasant experience from this flight and cant fault anything. FA were well groomed, well rested, and in a transmitting, sparkling mood. I spoke Thai with a hostess, Ms. Pisolaya, who was outstanding. Qatar delivers top notch at times, particularly in the air. Well done QR!
  Flight QR 176 Oslo - Doha 26.10.2023 We took the flight as a part of our trip to Qatar / UAE and Oman. We chose QR as the price was good and as its one of the best airlines. We expected a good flight with a good service but there was one cabin crew member who made this flight to be exceptional. Carina from Portugal was warmhearted, extremely welcoming and caretaking about the passengers. You can see that there are inexperienced new staff and they trying to do their best but Carina is, as you can say a Diamond. We all know that a flight rise or fails with the crew and their performance. Qatar Airways should be happy to have her in the team. Thank you for the great experience. Always happy landings
  The online check in was smooth, airport check in at Kathmandu was too slow, transit at Doha was smooth. Cabin crew on both the flights were friendly, attentive and caring. Meal ordered by me was all nice except the brunch served on Doha-Sao Paulo route. Seats on the Boeing 777 was bit congested and I felt cramped. Legroom too was not enough. Kathmandu - Doha was fine for seats. In flight entertainment was similar on both the flights. One hour complimentary WiFi was made available on Sao Paulo route, which could me made free in its entirety or for some more hours. Toilets were clean and good. Drinks served was good and extra drinks(tea, coffee and cola) were given to me on requests. Overall nice experience! 5 star
  The airline has nice seats, food, entertainment and the bathroom is very clean. The food and cabin crew is also good. The legroom is also good and the pillow and blanket is nice.
   Check in at BKK airport swift and friendly, lounge in BKK topnotch as usual, it’s my favorite lounge within the QR network. Food ex BKK great, service and comfort on the glorious A380 good as always. Transfer at Doha airport disappointing. The booked AlMaha transfer service did not show up at the gate (still waiting for a response from them since this happened for the third time this year!) Lounge very crowded with no chance to have a shower since the waiting time was over an hour and my transit was just 1.5h. Departure gate to Brussels was at one of the dreaded bus gates on the ground level. Chaotic unorganized boarding, with stressed and shouting gate agents. It’s simply no fun to go on a 30 minutes bus ride at 2 am in the morning. Most of my flights to Europe departed from a remote stand this year; that’s not what I expect from a world class airport. Flight to Brussels on a newish B789 with the new suite seating which I find too narrow and feels claustrophobic. Food was average ex Doha. Prior to my departure, I tried to book my meal ex Doha via the app, which did not work. I sent an email to customer service, but was told that that issue got nothing to do with them and therefore won’t be able to assist. No attempt was made to forward my issue to the IT department, or simply letting me pick my meal choice manually. I like flying Qatar, but the issues on the ground and it’s poor customer service are a big letdown and does not justify the premium airfare I’ve paid.
  I took flight QR719 Doha to Seattle on 20th Oct. Neha the cabin crew was super nice during the whole journey. She was so friendly and warm and thoughtful, she made this long flight so much enjoyable, she was so attentive and always provided assistance.  She's really great, and I think it's really lucky for Qatar Airways to have her.
   Another great experience flying with Qatar Airways. Thank you to the crew members for your professionalism and kindness. I 100% recommend Qatar Airways. 
   It was an absolutely lovely experience and the cabin crew were all very accommodating and excellent, I would like to personally thank Joseph and Tom for making our flight as comfortable as possible.
 Colombo to Doha - aircraft used was an Airbus A330. Qatar really need to either renovate or replace these, as the cabin on this one was really showing its age and was very tired, including a non-functioning seat next to me (was only able to be in full recline mode) and the dated, but very large in flight entertainment boxes that take up about one third of the available space beneath the seat in front for window seats and aisle seats in the central block of three seats. Toilets were a mess, IFE was limited compared to more modern Qatar aircraft; vastly inferior to the Qatar A380s, 777s etc. Thankfully this is a relatively short flight - wouldn't have wanted to do long haul that's for sure! Food was great, but since Covid, the in flight food service has been economised/simplified.
 Doha to London Heathrow, 10th October 2023. 777ER which is always a bit cramped now that most airlines have squeezed in 10 abreast - noticeably less spacious than the Qatar A380 which is also 10 abreast. Cabin was clean and well-maintained and took a while for the air conditioning to kick in after engine start up, but when it did, wow it was cold! I normally like a cool cabin, as its possible to get warm with a blanket etc., but impossible to cool down if the cabin is too warm, but this was a bit far on the cool side, even with a blanket - maybe it was just me though? IFE is exceptional on these updated/more modern cabins and aircraft was kept clean throughout, including the washrooms. Despite many airlines simplifying food provision since Covid, the food was great, particularly the dessert which as well as being tasty, had a white chocolate in the middle, complete with Qatar branding! Bang on time and unlike every recent experience at Heathrow (my record being a 2.5 hour wait), bags arrived promptly. Could fault anything on this trip aside from the usual gripe about the cramped 10 abreast 777 cabin; great service, clean aircraft, great food, on time departure and arrival.
   Flew from Singapore - Doha - Milan Return, out bound flights were great but Doha to Singapore was bad, After three hours of sleep, I went to put the Qsuite up and it broke, got up out of my seat and tried to fix it and there was no interaction from the crew until I rang the bell. Flight attendant came and said that it was my fault as my shoes were under the seat. Seat was then adjusted to a ridiculous position which was uncomfortable to sit in. Breakfast came and flight attendant tried to set up table but could not be done due to position of seat, left me sitting there before I complained to the cabin services manager. They try to fix it, they managed to manually position seat for me but only a few hours to landing. Qatar complaints was hopeless saying staff did everything possible and they blamed turbulence on the flight for not attending to seat first. Offered me 10,000 avios as compensation. 
   Wonderful experience spoiled by the ground staff at Doha. The flight from London Heathrow started out amazingly with the service at the premium check-in and passage through the security fast lane. The Qatar premium lounge at Heathrow is an oasis of calm and the food and drinks are excellent. Some of the staff lacked the polished 5 star touch. Service and comfort on our A380, although not the new q-suites, was excellent. Delicious food for breakfast and lunch. A stark contrast to the poor offerings on our outbound flight. The seats were comfortable. The Heathrow flight arrived at an A-Gate and the Dubai flight departed from C-gate. When we got to the C-gate we politely asked if there was a lounge close to the gate and received a very terse and rude no response from the Qatar Airways lady who was setting up the gate. Business/first passengers were made to hang around for 30 minutes whilst economy class passengers were bussed out to the plane. Not the service we paid for. Service on the flight to Dubai (A350) was good and the seats comfortable.
   Excellent experience let down by delays on the flight from Dubai which meant we didn't have chance to try the lounge in Doha and limited food options on the night flight to Gatwick. The food was little more than snacks and not the 5 star service we expected. The food was a stark contrast to the morning return journey from Heathrow. The food on that flight was amazing. The seats on the 777 to Doha were the old style 2-2-2 seats but that didn't matter on such a short flight. On the flight to Gatwick the seats were comfortable but sadly not the new qsuites.
   Brilliant, five star customer service provided by Namvkwla, Tae Vi and Calvin onboard QR962 on 2nd October. Nothing was to much for them. Food was okay, seat was fine onboard the new A350-100.
   It pains me to share this experience as I have always been a big fan of Qatar, having flown on it many times in my career while based in Washington DC and Geneva (business and first class). And, in fact, paid the extra money to upgrade to business class when I retired and returned to South Africa with my wife during the pandemic and it was expertly handled and a very satisfying, secure experience. Checked in at Schipol around noon on Tuesday 26 September travelling QR0274 to Doha, then QR1369 to Cape Town on Wednesday 27 September. Checked in three bags, two were received, and one was not. Reported at CPT on arrival on 27 September and a property irregularity report completed with appropriate supporting information including pics. Since then it has been a nightmare of correspondence and communication with various people in CPT, DOHA and AMS. All to NO avail. No one seems to have the capability, willingness or interest in helping a customer retrieve their missing bag containing valued personal possessions, including our family Holy Bible which is irreplaceable. Apparently the missing bag apparently was traced in AMS and was meant to be loaded on QR0274/29 September to be delivered in CPT on QR1369/30 September. Nothing arrived and there seems to be complete confusion between CPT and Qatar representatives in Doha and AMS. It seems AMS are not responding but I find it hard to believe that Qatar would not physically investigate what is going on at AMS with their baggage handlers, whom I believe are Swissport. I tried Swissport and the Station Manager in AMS but they don't answer their phones. I keep being assured that the bag is on the next flight but nothing. It is now a week since the missing bag was traced and it is just endless communication with people who want nothing to do with the problem and passing the blame to someone else. No one is willing to show any initiative or take accountability.
  Although it was very early morning, things went fairly smooth. I was moved further up as they needed my seat for someone with medical problems which I was totally ok with. However the seat 19D armrest was falling apart. Food was very nice, and had a nice sleep. Perhaps on those early morning flights would be nice to have a choice (sticker) saying whether I want to be woken up for food or whether I want to be left sleeping. In terms of inflight entertainment it would be nice to be able to watch Rugby World cup
  The seats felt like auditorium seating, Ok for 20 minutes but leave your bottom numb for anything longer. The seating was simply just too small and packed in and the cushioning was basically non existent. Sitting on the isle I was kicked, bumped and stood on nearly every time a staff member came past. This was supposedly in a seat that gave me more leg room and I paid extra for. 
  I am writing to thank Qatar Airways for exceptional service during my flight from Washington to Kathmanda via Doha.  All flight attendants were welcoming, warm, and professional during both of my flights and provided first-class service. I have to say that Qatar Airways are simply the best airline in the world. Thank you very much.
  At the online check-in when they give me the availability to choose a seat for free on the middle or the aisle side on my return ticket, both ways. If I wanted to have the window side I had to pay an extra fee. The most disappointing was the food, we had 2 options chicken rice and braised beef when they come to me they didn't have beef anymore, so I  had to take the chicken biryani. No butter or cheese was served.  On the online check-in counter in Muscat i waited more than 25 minutes because one family had immigration issues, since only 1 counter was available.
 It's no surprise that Qatar Airways is ranked among the top 10 airlines globally. I recently traveled with my 11 and 17-year-old boys from Doha to Bangkok, and I must commend the airline's exceptional service. The crew members were not only friendly but also soft-spoken, ensuring we had everything we needed and making us feel incredibly comfortable throughout the flight. Thank you once again for the outstanding service; we look forward to flying with Qatar Airways in the future.
  I booked to fly Qsuite business from Jakarta to Athens return. On checking in at Jakarta International airport we had to stand and wait for an hour.  When I raised my concern with the staff, they said it was because they have three flights departing at that time.  The lounge was the Garuda Business lounge that was really awful. The only alcoholic beverages available were unpalatable and inferior products.  The ghastly food offering was substandard and inedible. The lounge was cramped, hot and overcrowded. We left the lounge and used the general access / food court section and bought a decent glass of wine and better food. Four weeks before my return flight, Qatar emailed me to say I can not return from Doha to Jakarta in Qsuite because they changed aircraft to one without Q Suite. If If I still want to fly Qsuite, I must catch an alternative flight 7 hours later and wait 9 hours in Doha rather than about 2. Their rules state that I am unable to enter the Doha business lounge until a few hours before my flight, so the rest of the time, I would be locked out of the lounge. As to their email apology to me for moving my fight to a plane without Q Suite, they said I could choose my own seat in the new plane to get the seat of my choice. I tried. And they will not allow me to book my seat until 48 hours before the flight. 
  
We flew from Vienna to Muscat via Doha. The aircraft in the 1st leg was Airbus 320, an old aircraft, seats with hardly any space between the rows. The screen was slow with poor resolution. The inflight program was very limited.  There were only 2 toilets for the economy cabin resulting in a long queue post-lunch. How can they use a small aircraft for an almost 5 hour 15 mins flight. A320 may be appropriate for a short flight but definitely not for this flight.
  The flight from Bangkok to Doha was on the A380-800. The flight from Doha to Vienna was on an Airbus A320. Both flights were on time and the staff on both flights were very professional and friendly. The food options were above average, and there was a good choice of drink options. I did notice that the entertainment system seemed to have a lot less choice of content than when I last flew Qatar Airways, and the leg room felt a little tighter. Arriving to Doha around 11:00 pm meant a huge crowd waiting to get through security. Doha airport is OK. The flight back to Europe meant taking a bus to the plane and this was a bit of a pain. Both flights were completely full. At Bangkok, I asked at the check in counter whether it was a full flight and the guy behind the desk said that it was overbooked. I guess the remaining passengers got to fly on the next Qatar flight to Doha, which left just an hour and a half after my flight. T I will still fly Qatar Airways and I will still recommend them.
  Pretty good service and food but rear-facing seats, and a need to take buses and climb boarding steps on the tarmac. Our stopover in Doha was in the middle of the night and the large impressive lounge is useless: uncomfortable seats to pass 3 hours waiting. They cannot have some lounge chairs to let us rest a little? The male shower room had a queue: why have a large "pond" feature but few shower facilities? The most unacceptable aspect was the need to take buses and climb boarding steps on the tarmac.
 Flight hostesses didn't acknowledge or greet me as I walked to get seated. There are 2-3 hostesses standing by their assigned section who don't acknowledge or greet you, and if they do it's forced and fake. They give juice/water and if you return it when they come to collect it and you say "thank you" they didn't acknowledge. 
 Please note that this review is meant solely for the Qatar Airways ground staff. The scores given for seat comfort and cabin staff service are based on previous flights, for reasons given below. We had to cancel our trip due to a family emergency, while we were already in the departure lounge, literally an hour before boarding. We were absolutely distraught because of worry and needed guidance badly for what to do. After exiting the departure lounge and returning to the Qatar Airways check-in counter, one of the staff immediately came to our aid. We had noticed him earlier during check-in attending to passengers queuing for the counters and providing labels for our bags. Not only did he listen patiently to our situation, he also gave clear instructions on how to retrieve our checked-in luggage, as well as when and whom to call in order to manage our flight booking. His calm and sure directions, as well as assistance from other counter staff, helped us tremendously in dealing with the situation. Furthermore, the office that we called regarding our booking attended to our needs very professionally. She explained what we needed to do clearly and repeated patiently when asked to.
 The First Class lounge in Doha is amazing and then we went on a VIP bus to the plane which actually took longer than the flight. The front cabin on the plane which they called First it wouldn’t qualify for even a C class in Europe.  The take off and landing were immaculate, the pilot was amazing and food was ok. That is all I can say about a 55 minute flight.
 I had read many negative reviews about this airline so was a little apprehensive. I’m very happy to report that our experience couldn’t have been better. From checking in to boarding it was all seamless. The cabin crew were absolutely lovely and so attentive to everyone. The seat was very comfortable and food was generally ok. We would’ve preferred a sweet option for breakfast but apart from that everything was perfect. Will definitely fly Qatar again!
  
Check in at AUH fast, Al Dhabi contract Lounge average in terms of offerings and service. Flight from Abu Dhabi to Doha uneventful with good service and decent snack. Oryx One Play entertainment system again not working throughout the flight. No contact gate in Doha with a long 20 min bus ride from a remote stand. Qatar Platinum Lounge South crowded, but fast service and good offerings. 2nd leg to BKK aircraft change from A380 to B773 without being informed. Random seat assigned. Luckily realized this some time before and changed to a decent seat. Boarding organized and from a contact gate. Flight service good, with average catering. WIFI not working.
  July 2023. Family of 5 with 3 children, pre-booked extra leg room seats and so that we could be together. Our seats were reallocated to a group as we transited through Doha airport. We ended up with seats spread across the entire the aircraft, nowhere near each other. Our 13 year old who’s afraid of flying was sick with the stress caused, and to us as parents worried that if something happened there was no way we could have taken care of our 3 children. Total lack of interest, no customer care, no customer service, no attempt to improve the situation, then lies and fabrication of reasons when we complained at the gate, onboard and afterwards to their customer care team. First they claimed the aircraft had been changed, then that our seats were changed for operational reasons, and then best of all claiming we had missed our flight and had been put on a different plane. Because we complained, we never got a refund for the extra leg room seats. 
  Qatar Airways has good service on board and the seats are quite comfortable. The airport is also nice to explore. I flew twice now with Qatar but this time we had a delay already in Entebbe of 3 hours then lost the connection flight and had to wait 8 hours in Doha. I asked for a hotel room or a  food voucher or anything. We were forced to wait around and sleep in lounge chairs. This was not acceptable and for a waiting time, lost hotel and lost day in Vienna I expected at least an apology.
  The service was amazing. All the time the cabin crew was walking around with drinks and snacks. During the flight I had some problems with my back (sport injuries)and I was walking in the plane to stretch my feet. A cabin crew member came to me and checked if everything is fine and If she could bring me something. She brought me some water and we talked about daily life. She was very kind and at the end even gave me child present for my children at home.  She went the extra mile. Thank you Premkamol. See you hopefully soon again.
  Check in at Bangkok airport friendly and efficient. Even Qatars Platinum members are not allowed to use their own lounge in BKK. Their contract Miracle lounge was very average to say the least and does not deserve the name. Boarding was well organized. Cabin crew was friendly and efficient throughout the flight. Food was a big letdown, with no more butter for breakfast, no pepper and salt or a small spoon for the dessert or stirring the coffee. The main meal was disappointing in appearance and taste. Internet worked for just 20 min after reaching cruising altitude. Al Maha transfer service worked well this time after the hostess did not show up twice at the aircraft earlier this year. Platinum lounge was great. The short second leg of the trip was uneventful; the virtual entertainment system (their new 738 do not have private screens) did not work throughout the flight. Overall very average flights.
  First time traveling with Qatar Airways, from Auckland NZ to Milan return via Doha. Staff and aircraft were fantastic! Food and service no 1. Lay flat bed in business class probably the best I've been on. I recommend using Qatar Airways to others
  I paid $88 USD extra for an exit row seat with extra leg room, based on the Qatar Airways seat map during online purchase. But my seat was not in an exit row. I assumed that the aircraft had been changed at the last minute and that the airline would refund the fee. After complaining to Qatar Airways twice, they denied that there was anything wrong. 
  Brilliant service as always, clean and modern aircraft. Service outstanding, personal greeting and recognition by onboard crew probably because I have gold status, was not expecting this and it pleasantly blew me away that they offered this personal touch. I booked Al Maha services and was really impressed. Staff go out of their way to make you feel welcome and comfortable, cannot fault a single cabin crew member. Food always of a high standard. Hamad International airport amongst best in the world. Lounges brilliant. I will likely always choose Qatar even though a direct route to certain destinations may be more convenient and cheaper.
  We booked 2 business seats to Europe and we had to pay to choose our seats. I paid $989.80 to select seats. We were supposed to be on Qsuites, one of the reasons we booked with Qatar. On the First leg from Athens to Doha they changed our plane to one that didn't have Qsuites. The seats they allocated us were at the rear on the business cabin, very noisy. As we didn't get the seats we paid for I thought they would offer us a refund for the money we paid to select seats . When we got home I waited for a few days and when I didn't hear from them I contacted them via email. They refused to compensate for the downgrade from Qsuites and they wanted me to sign an Indemnity and Waiver of Liability Form to refund the money I paid for a service they didn't supply. They should refund the fee they charged for seat allocation on this leg. 
 Incredible experience from start to finish. Feel like I was the only one on the plane. I heard anecdotally how good this was to be and I can honestly say my expectations were exceeded. I have found my airline. I feel comfortable now that all my future airline needs are in good hands. Looking for to the return trip in late September. See you soon.
 I was not able to select check-in/seat within 24 hrs of the flight. I have tried on Qatar web and called several times but no help was received and most window seats are gone.
  I upgraded to Business Class (Q-Suites) on outbound flights, and flew Economy Class on the return. All flights were excellent. Business Class was phenomenal: the service, attention to detail, quality and selection food and wine, and the hard products. I loved the fact that on the two outbound legs, there were different wine lists, so I got to try a wide selection of 4 Champagnes and numerous high-quality wines. Cabin crew were always incredibly attentive, responsive, and friendly. On the return, in Economy Class, I also had a two very good flights. Despite only being a Silver member, I was still personally welcomed aboard, and given the opportunity to select my desired meals before meal service. The selection of wine was decent, and the food was fine. Service was always friendly, polite and professional. I really enjoy Qatar - and even though Business and Economy are incomparable, they offer highly polished, professional service in both classes, and goodt IFE, food, and comfort.
 Cabin staff service: Inflight staff is very inexperienced or there is not enough staff. Most of the passengers have complained about inflight service. They were not able complete the food service also on time. Food : For the long term flight food also very bad. Most of the people are not eating some particular items. May be airline can identify this item and remove this item from the menu.
 Fantastic service, professional staff. Would definitely fly with Qatar again. Drink and meal service was amazing. Qatar allow you to dine when you want and continuously top up drinks. You are able to pick what you like from the menu when you want. The private suites are amazing. This is truly a 5 star airline.
  Yet another fantastic experience with Qatar Airways. Check in service at Heathrow was an absolute pleasure. Services onboard QR 010 on 7th September provided by cabin crew was second to none. They were a fantastic cabin crew and was absolute pleasure flying with them. Thank you very much.
 Staff good. Food ok. Seat comfort on 787 absolute zero. I'm 6ft 4" . No room for me at all and the person in front trying to push the seat back to recline. You can pay for a reserved seat at nearly £100 per flight. Adverts when you try to watch movies. 
  I have "Gold" status in the loyalty program. After each trip, I send a request via their website to issue an invoice. Customer service ignores my requests. I have been waiting for some invoices for more than a year. The call center is helpless and they say they only send "escalations" to the head office. The trip itself is, of course, great, but the customer service is at a dramatic level and makes me feel frustrated and helpless.
  The first leg of this flight was on the A380 and the second was on a Boeing 787. The A380 was full booked and it’s a remarkable aircraft. Food was terrible on both flights. On the second flight I was starving and was disappointed when all I was given as my first meal was a sandwich. Then the breakfast was inedible. The crew on the flight didn’t seem to get on with each other. Rather unprofessional. Wi-Fi didn’t work. In flight entertainment is superb, credit where credit is due. Wasn’t impressed with Qatar on my last couple of flights.
  I found these two flights quite difficult from a personal standard. The first leg was at 8am, and I was wide awake for and couldn’t rest. The second flight I tried to get some rest but I couldn’t. The food on these flights was really tasty. Especially the Edinburgh to Doha leg. The in flight entertainment was vast and very good. I had checked in online and went straight to security with my E boarding pass, but it didn’t work at security. They let me through then the airline printed me a hard copy at the gate.
  London to Doha was average. Food quality has gone down and entertainment was pretty average with no new movies. Doha to Kochi was with a 'no-frill' airline Indigo from Doha to Kochi. This was absolutely horrible, seats were thin and very uncomfortable, no entertainment, my food was absolutely horrible and staff could not care less. Qatar trying to make a profit by providing customers with a no-frill service is unbelievable and not acceptable. After landing in Doha, we had to take a 25 minute bus ride from the plane to the airport. 
  Qatar Airways is one of the most professional airlines. I was very ill on flight, the steward called doctor who allowed medication to be given to help me, then exceptional service once arrived in Doha. I was taken to lounge to shower and escorted to a resting area as I was travelling alone. I highly recommend Qatar Airways. I felt that I was in very safe hands.
  Qatar Airways is undoubtedly the best airline. From booking my tickets on line to online checkin, airport services, in flight comfort, cabin crew, transfer at Doha, everything was just amazing. Although tickets were comparatively expensive however services were value to money.
  I travelled from Geneva to Qatar and Qatar to Colombo using Qatar airways. I was pleasantly surprised to see the concern of the staff regarding the passengers issues. We made a mistake when we checked in to the Geneva airport. We did a hassle free online check in including user friendly seat reservations which helped us to identify seats to our liking and received the boarding pass immediately. However we were confused at the airport as it was our first journey through Geneva airport and did not attend to luggage. At the boarding gate only we realized that we were carrying huge bags with us. When we explained our situation to the Qatar air ways staff they calmly accepted the challenge and attended to our needs immediately without causing us any pain. We are grateful to all the ground staff and crew members at the gate 56 at 16.10 on the 2nd September for their concern. Even while serving us cabin crew members were polite to check on us to make sure that everything regarding our bags is OK. This shows their genuine interest in the well being of the passengers which they may have gained through exemplary training or/and air line may be selecting the ideal people having humanely qualities. The service we received throughout was exceptional. Thank you Qatar airways.
  Although I booked an aisle seat, I was given a middle seat at check-in without anyone mentioning the change, so I had the surprise when I boarded the plane. The flight attendants were very nice and apologetic and tried to find a solution but since the flight was full there wasn't much they could do. I am aware that sometimes there is a last minute change of aircraft and all the seats are changed, but I believe this was not one of these situations because my neighbours on either had the seat they had booked even before I booked mine. I strongly suspect that this happened when I upgraded my return flight to business class, a glitch in the system cleared my seat selection for the outbound journey. I wrote to Qatar Airways about it, and they replied that they are free to change seats at any time, including after boarding. There wasn't enough food, 2 meals and one sandwich, and my vegetarian ovo-lacto meal was a vegan meal. There also seemed to be some confusion among the staff, a couple of times they served me a regular meal and then took it away to give me the special meal. The flights were on time, IFE was good and the flight attendants were very nice.
  The plane from Bangkok to Doha was decent enough but the Boeing 777-300ER from Doha to LHR was shocking. Mould on the ceiling and interior, badly cleaned surfaces.  Will not use them again in the future unless they improve. The airport was decent enough. I'm giving them a score this high because of the onboard staff who did the best they could.
  London to Doha was delayed two hours but Qatar Airways failed to inform the passengers about this and not to wake up at 4AM and get to the airport. The onboard the personal service was fantastic especially Maria and Stephanie they really took care of the passengers. The IFE was not working on my seat 1A and WI-FI was patchy but it was nice to experience the Qatar Airways A380 again.
 I asked for a low salt menu, instead of actual food and desserts I got mostly small portions of vegetables (cucumber, tomato) and fruits. I don't think chocolate cakes or tiramisu have salt in them and excluding them from my menu was a turn off. Also the portions of my food were very little. 
  The business class experience on the QSuite is truly exceptional as I found out on another flight but as far as Economy Class goes, Qatar is far from the best. The seat was quite uncomfortable in terms of seat width and legroom. The cabin crew service was spotty, the headphones handed out when boarding was not working and it took 3 hours for the crew to find me a replacement headset. 
  This was my first time experiencing the QSuite and it was really a wonderful experience. The seat is amazingly comfortable, though I did not sleep since it was a short 3.5 hour hop. The cabin crew was extremely attentive and took every effort to make your flight wonderful. Excellent food, great wine list, warm and attentive service made and the nice IFE screen to enjoy movies made it one of the best flights till date. The selection of entertainment is not well-curated.
 Got a decent priced upgrade and flew business. DFW to Doha was q suite. Good service good food and a comfortable sleep. Doha to Joburg 787 lie flat. Not as comfy but slept fine good service. It was a very good business class product but in no way best ever. I got lucky and my upgrade was less than original ticket.
  I and my wife had Business Class tickets. I was offered an upgrade in the app on checkin for my 3 daughters. After paying for it I realised that the upgrade was only for the segment from Doha to Zurich.  I therefore requested either an upgrade for the whole trip or a refund of the amount paid and return to economy. Customer service (center not managed by Qatar) answered that I was wrong and I should have read the terms and conditions. Refused any of the two options.  In Doha we try and access the Business Class lounge. No access for my children as the tickets were upgraded and not full Business class. Qatar Airways website places the cost of access to the lounge at 450dr 59% off for children. No mention of the fact that an age restriction applies to minors between 12 and 17 which are not considered children. All these rules applied in a very strict manner with no flexibility.
  Check in at Zurich airport friendly and swift. Prime Class lounge was rather underwhelming with poor breakfast choices, but nice outdoor seating. Flight to Doha was downgraded from Qsuite to normal seating quiet some time ago. Flight to Doha was very good with great catering and good service. Arrival in Doha at a remote stand. The Al Safwa lounge food has improved. Flight from Doha to BKK by the all Thai cabin crew was great, catering not as good as the previous flight.  After all, reasonably ok flights, but nothing special considering what I paid for. 
  I had an upgrade offer for two persons for Business Class for booth flight sections in my app. After paying I got the message that it was not possible. I thought it was a bug, so I updated my APP content and got the upgrade offer again. I paid again and received the information a second time that it was not possible, after booking on my credit card. These amounts were blocked not just once, but twice each. 8,272 EUR from Qatar Airways were blocked on my card for a whole day. At the business check-in counter, no one could understand what had happened. Only reaction was please write a mail to Qatar Airways.  I have never experienced such bad service. In the flight from Doha the climate was not working. After more than an hour of waiting in unbearable temperatures on the plane, a glass of water was served without a word of apology why it was so hot on the plane. After about 3 hours the temperatures become somewhat bearable. Writing an E-Mail on August 4th to Qatar was more then useless. Qatar Airway told me it was a "due a system error". Nothing about the very bad untrained Service on the ground and in the Air. As a Frequent Flyer you get a welcome on board but no Service to solve Problems. 
  This review highlights the exemplary service of the Doha-JFK flight QR 701 aircrew on 19th August 2023. Qatar Airways is known for its excellent service in general, but some flight crew do a much better job than others. I wish to mention flight attendant Ms. Amanat specifically for her outstanding service to me and my fellow passengers during our flight. She was always patient, kind, and willing to cater to passenger requests during the flight. She never lost her smile and showed a genuine effort to make our travel comfortable. 
  Milan to Windhoek via Doha return with A350-900 from/to Milan and B788 to/from Windohek. Excellent service provided as usual. Crew always very good to top notch depending on the route. Airplanes always new an well maintained. The seat was amazingly comfortable, much better than QSuite that feels a little claustrophobic. PJ's handed out even into a day flight, the F/A also gave to me an extra one for the following leg. The food was very fresh and tasty. The transit in Doha was also smooth, even though if your flight is parked not at the finger you may have a little time to spend on the bus to the terminal. Priority lanes for security work very well and the staff always with a smile. The business class lounge Al Mourjan was full of staff and very helpful. The buffet restaurant is a nice touch with plenty of choice. QR will be my first choice from Italy to UAE, much better than EK. QR staff really knows how to engage with their customers in a warm and authentic manner to make you feel welcome and valuable.
  Most disappointing flight I've had for several years. Baggage damaged and Qatar refuted saying I left it too late and already went through customs. In fact I had gone straight from the carousel to the baggage claim. Both my meals were inedible. Power supply for laptop was old and plug kept falling out. We booked a month early and checked in early but got horrible centre seats. The problem was the online check in wouldn't let me change them. I had to phone and was told I had to pay $100 to change the seat. At checkin I tried again but first leg was Finnair and they couldn't change the seat. Then we tried when we got to Doha, before security and there was a long queue of other people also trying the same - we were 30 minutes in the queue and they said they couldn't change but someone else said to try at customer service. There was another long queue and this time they said there were no spare seats available any more. Was promised an hour of Wi-Fi as a prestige member but every time I tried it said satellite not available.
  Overall, the flight was pleasant. Flying with Qsuite from Jakarta to Doha was exceptional. The cabin crew was friendly, helping a lot, always checking with us if we need help. The Food taste is just amazing for my 2 meals. The Entertainment also updated and had a lot choice for a long trip. Just like mini apartment when flying in Qsuite. Unfortunately, from Doha to PHL, they changed that into regular Business Class in 2-2-2 Configurations. The services are still great for 13 hours flight.
 Excellent service as always by Qatar - cabin crew were very solicitous at all times. The meals were ample and served by the friendliest and hardest working staff I've seen. I get spoiled by QA - I don't want to fly with anyone else!
  Hanoi - Doha - Johannesburg 13-14 August 2023 on Boeing 787-9 / A350-9, respectively. On time. Flew on QR award tickets; selected my favourite seats free due to Frequent Flyer status. Quick check ins. Lounge in Hanoi spacious and good. Onboard, menu had 3 choices of hot meal, all announced 10 days prior to departure on QRs homepage. Transfer in Doha smooth with lounge access (Gold Lounge Gate C14). The flights were faultless and excellent for economy class. FAs were energetic, well rested, groomed, and in a sparkling mood. Drinks were generously served throughout the flights, up to 3 drinks per person per round. Food was good with 3 hot options on each sector, though small portions. Further were sandwiches and snacks served and/or obtainable on request. Both flights were de facto full; this challenges were handled well by the crew who knew how to focus without panicking. IFE worked well with on touch screens, huge supply of movies. Amenity kit and kids toys were given to all who wanted. Decent wines for economy: sparkling was a decent French crémant: Veuve Ambal Chardonnay/Aligoté (30 usd/bottle). White wine was acceptable: Frontera Chardonnay 2022, Chile. Red wine was very good: Maison Robert Olivier Syrah, France. Sodas and beer brands were substandard as usual: the cheapest industrial stuff, sells for max. 1-2 USD/can. Was recognised and further pampered as elite frequent flyer of QR. Only down fall are the very conservative and conform food offerings and the tedious bus-gating in Doha, depriving passengers any premium feeling. Luggage failed to be loaded in Hanoi depriving me comfort on the subsequent numerous flights. Could only file PIR-report at final destination of my entire travel, in Copenhagen. Luggage still not recovered, but I trust it will come soon. Will fly QR again, however.
  Maputo to Denpasar via Doha was very disappointing.  Qatar Airways was very average, and on occasions below average, on these flights. Chairs were not great, especially the entertainment console under the chair in front of you.  The internet was the worst I've experienced, and the most expensive. Food was okay, nothing exceptional. Unfortunately no Qatar any more for me and it's confirmed that the 787 is not my plane. The A350 is so much quieter and more comfortable
 A delay of 90 minutes.  I still managed to arrive in time for my connection but we had barely time to rest in Doha. 90 minutes transit time to get across the terminal to the next gate instead of 3 hours transit.
 My family and I flew this airline and this Boeing 787 from Rome - Denpasar was complete hell. This is a small aircraft for that distance travelled (10.5 hours) seating is 3x3x3 and aisles are small. There is no chance of movement once boarded as there is a lot of time taken up by trollies in the aisle. 
  We flew from Jakarta to Doha on business class but were denied lounge access because it was an upgrade. Whats the point of attracting customers if they have to sit in the airport or a restaurant.
  Absolutely memorable trip, outstanding. Our first flight to Doha had new business class seats - very good ones. Long haul was in Q-suite, an amazing experience. They call it 1st class in business and I confirm it. Service was immaculate. Flight was in time and we arrived earlier than planned to Singapore. Choice of meal and drinks are very good. Staff treated us like kings. There were new releases of movies and cartoons and particularly Sing 2. We had Al Maha VIP platinum service in Doha and I strongly recommend to have it to everyone since Doha is huge airport. The lounges were fantastic. Both in Singapore and in Doha. Our luggage was in good order.
 The crew were very helpful and extremely supportive. The entertainment screens have a lot of options. Comfortable chairs even for long trips in economy class. Food was amazing.
  There was an issue with our seats as we were given regular seats instead of the extra legroom seats we booked. I raised the issue with the staff and we were relocated to the correct seats. Service on board was good, special thanks to Ruan who was the most friendly staff member.
 On this trip, my outbound flight from Manchester was delayed by a passenger becoming ill. Whilst I sympathise with a passenger, falling ill, of course, a speedier decision would've saved me from missing connections, which we inevitably did. We sat on the plane for an hour and 45 minutes, whilst it seemed the captain dithered over whether or not to offload the passenger. He did not offload them. Upon arrival in Doha, 15 minutes after my connection had already departed, I was handed a new ticket for a flight which left at 02:25, 7.5 hours later with no apology for the inconvenience caused. There was a flight leaving for Jakarta at 8 pm via Singapore, but I was not offered that option. There was another flight leaving at 08:25 the next morning which would have suited me best, but I was not offered that choice either. I asked if I could go into a hotel for the night to rest properly before taking the 08:25 flight in the morning. They advised me that because my delay was 'less than eight hours' (it was 7.5 hours.) I was not entitled to a hotel. The business lounge in Qatar is not designed for lengthy waits so I asked if I might enter the first-class lounge at least for the duration of my wait given that the delay was the fault of the airline. I was refused because I am 'not a member' When eventually we finally left Doha on that 02:25 flight, I was exhausted and my seat was next to the galley where I heard the crew banging, talking and generally being noisy. I have never experienced such a disengaged crew as this one. The media on the video system did not correspond with the series being advertised i.e., the new series of White Lotus that I was looking forward to watching, whilst being labelled as the latest one set in Sicily, in fact, was the original series which is  a few years old. 
 -I was informed three month ago that all 3 sectors of my itinerary were downgraded to the old seating. I was able to change my flights back to Qsuites by changing flights, but had to accept a 12h layover at Doha airport. Since I can sleep on overnight flights in the Qsuite only, I accepted the offer. Unfortunately both flights were downgraded again, I was informed about the Bangkok to Doha sector 3 days ago, and about the Doha to Zurich sector just 6h before the departure of the flight.  I was up to now willing to pay more, since Qsuites are in high demand and rates were this time around €350 higher than other configuration. When I requested compensation for the previous flights, since I paid a premium for those Qsuite bookings too, I received 2 identical pre-written standard responses saying that they were not willing to compensate, not even with some Qmiles. I am really upset, since the Qsuites are promoted everywhere on the booking app, but what’s the point of booking a Qsuite if I don get it! One of the mentioned flights was my 100th on Qatar, about 70% in Business class, but it never happened that there was a aircraft change from an old configuration to Qsuite, only the other way round. On a lighter note, the flights were outstanding, esp. the Bangkok to Doha sector (QR839) with great food and service. I want to thank especially the wonderful and hard working Purser and her team. I can’t really recommend Qatar at this point, since the hardware problems are getting from bad to worse. 
 Firstly, my flight from DUB to DOH was delayed for over 1.5 hours, causing me to miss my connecting flight to DXB. Upon arriving in DOH, I was informed that I would have to wait 5 hours for the next available flight. I sought reassurance that my luggage would be taken care of and transferred to the new flight. I was assured that it would be, but to my dismay, the new connection flight was also delayed by an hour, extending my layover to a 6 hours. I spent an additional 2 hours waiting in a queue to inquire about the whereabouts of my luggage, to discover that it had never left DOH. I was told it would be delivered to my accommodation by morning, yet to this day, it has not arrived, leaving me without essential items. The level of service has left me utterly disgusted. 
  Qatar airways is the best airline. As a passenger that requires special assistance, i was assisted in every good way possible. Coming to UK last year September was superb and going back to Nigeria was superb with their customer services. Hanna service at the check-in area was professional and top-notch with contagious smile on her smile. Staff neatly clothed with super smiles on there faces and always ready to assist. I will definitely use Qatar Airways. Thank You.
 We have been using Qatar Airways for over 10 years now without any issues. This time when we booked in their website we found Qatar using another airline called Indigo (cheap no-frill airline) for the Doha-Kochi route. We were absolutely shocked to see the service provided by both Qatar & Indigo. Quality of food has gone down in Qatar, no new entertainment / movies & Indigo Airlines was a disaster (no water provided, no screens for entertainment, rude staff etc). 
 It's good to note that Qatar Airways open its check in counter 5 1/2 hours before departure! Good thing I went to NAIA cause I thought its going to rain and it might cause traffic! Started forming our lines at 5:30pm and counters open exactly 5:50pm fir the 11:20pm flight. Check in process was quiet slow, despite my Silver Status I left the counter at 6:40pm. Understandably only two counters were open since the other check in staff are assisting the 6:35pm departure. Anyway, though it was slow but OK since the clerk was super nice and offered me a complimentary lounge pass! The plane departed around 15 minutes later than published but was able to overcome and arrived earlier in Doha! Was a very smooth landing and the crew were all warm! Food served dinner and breakfast were both sumptuous and delicious! I was seated on a window seat and was quiet cramped because the guy beside me was humungous. Arrival in Doha was as expected very warm and pleasant, security check was fast and quick! A separate lounge for Silver members were provided, and was surprised of its huge size, very comfortable, good food, very clean comfort rooms! Went to the gate early as it was quiet far but thanks to the sky train, I was at my gate in seconds! Fortunately, I was upgraded to Business Class on the second leg of the journey! It was a very pleasant experience considering the 13 hours flight to Montreal! Everything went perfectly well! The very comfortable Q Suite, the award winning Catering and the Best Crew Services contributed to an overall pleasant experience! Thanks to Anna and Dale for taking care of me plus their very beautiful Supervisor which I wasn't able to get the name! Thank you Qatar Airways for the free upgrade and thank you for the best service provided!
  First time flying Qatar Airways and definitely the last time. Seats were great and staff was also great and that is the only positive thing about the flight. But the IFE system did not work on my flight. The Ground staff was bad in New York, but ok in Doha. Flight was delayed 30 mins because of technical issues without further information. 
 Thank you Qatar Airways Due to the nature of employment, I fly on regularly with long distance flights since 2000. During 2020 with the COVID outbreak, my then carrier of choice stopped flights to and from Johannesburg, South Africa. Qatar Airways was the first airline that resumed flights from South Africa and by times the flights were less than 10% full, but Qatar kept on flying and that bought my loyalty. In addition to the above, why do I continue with Qatar Airways? Flights always on time (very important for me!) ground and flight personnel professional and friendly, Doha transit very quick and efficient even with numerous flights disembarking, providing socks, eye masks and toothpaste kits for even Economy class, food and drinks served of good quality, and lastly - flight schedules work out perfect for me.
  Staff were unfriendly, did not smile and made me feel unwelcome. During service it looked unorganised and on our second flight it took 2.5hrs before a drink or meal was offered. Received a meal and saying thank you to the hostess who did not even acknowledge it. D0 not understand how they say the tomato juice is finished 2hrs into the 9hrs flight and they need to go see if business class has.  On our last flight they loaded us into a bus for departure in Doha. We had to stand in it for 30min at the gate before it moved anywhere and to top it off we had to board a hot plane sitting for 30min before taxing and any form of cold air. 
 I would like to say a big Thank you to Qatar Airways cabin crew for a job well done on the 7 & 8th of July, You guys know what you are doing, I fell sick on the plane and you attended to me in a a Godly way, even the clinic staff I was taken to when we landed, I salute you all, may you all be blessed in special ways for me by God. Qatar Airways is the best way to go, and I would recommend it anytime to anyone...100 percent
  The check-in was smooth and the crew was pleasant and the food was good. The seat was uncomfortable despite paying for a premium seat on the Doha-Chicago leg. The audio box intruding into the leg space makes a long flight very uncomfortable. The aircraft was clean but was not new. The choice of entertainment was not good especially the Bollywood section which was completely outdated. Qatar Airways crew did not seem to make any rounds with just water or juice. The inflight USB charger did not work on the Mumbai to Doha leg. The crew did not offer any alcoholic drinks without specifically asking for the same.
  Even after I made it to the original flight at final boarding time by running through the airport (due to Qatar Airways late flight), the staff had bounced everyone to the next flight. I asked whether they could accommodate me since I had still arrived by final boarding time but they still said I had to wait for the next flight. Later when I went to the next counter was I told the delay was a day, so I was stuck at the airport this whole time and they could not even accommodate me in one of their lounges. If I knew the delay would have been so long, I would have argued with the staff more at the check-in gate instead of being polite. After I filed a polite and formal complaint regarding what the airline could do for me, I got a nonsensical response and they could do nothing for me.
  In Doha no business class bus was given, just a separate economy bus. Wi fi was not available. I eat gluten free, when I asked for my meal it took an hour before receiving it. Suggestion to have details of the meal available on screen as I was sure what I would get exactly, just that it was chicken. It was delicious though. Friendly helpful staff except that tables don’t get cleared quickly.
 Initial flight from Abu Dhabi to Doha delayed by 90 minutes causing a significant number of passengers to miss their connecting flights. These things happen which most people can understand - unfortunately, there were no updates given until passengers became so irate that they demanded the pilot make an announcement to update us (this happened three times). First announcement: apologies due to technical issues currently being worked on by ground staff. Second announcement: apologies, technical issues now resolved - just carrying out paperwork for clearance. Third announcement: apologies due to technical issues - almost resolved now.  Upon landing in Doha, met by a member of ground staff holding a sign, upon asking if the Manchester flight had departed she said yes. Next flight was in 6 hours - the compensation provided was the equivalent of 10GBP - to spend over the 6 hour wait (a coffee alone was 5GBP). Didn't give access to a lounge. Again, customer service upon receiving the 'compensation' and my next boarding pass was poor - no smile, no apology for the inconvenience. I asked out of curiosity why my bag needed to go through a security check when I'd just come from the plane - the response was that the previous airport flying from could have missed something. When flying flying back from Manchester on the return flight via Doha I didn't pass through any security checks to my connecting flight. One plus point to the flights - food is great, hats off to the chef. My TV on the return flight from Manchester to Doha was also not working. 
 Fantastic Experience. First time flying Q-Suite of Qatar Airline, have heard many good things about it prior to departure which turned out to be exactly as advertised. You get your own spacious suite, comfortable seat, plenty of storage, great food, all are better than other business class experiences that I had. What really went well beyond my expectation was the cabin crew. From the time I boarded they have always been super attentive with prompt service of what I needed. Special Kudo to Amit the supervisor, Hattaya who handled my section with a smile that can light up the cabin, plus Chenny and Asil who both were in the front (Apologies to the rest of the wonderful crew whose names I didn't quite remember) Moreover, the lounge in Doha is just fantastic. There have been plenty of praise about the facilities so I am not going to repeat here. However I really want to point out that all the staffs are well-trained and always proactively helping out asking for our needs, which is not something I experienced in most of the business class lounge. They were also very serious about the work product they delivered. We ordered a steak at the dining room that turned out to be too well-done and not tender, we made a very slight comment about it and five minutes later the Chef came out and explained to us that they deliberately didn't leave it too rare and we are all travelers so they want to be on the safe side. The only drawback is the inflight WIFI. $10 for a full flight plan is very reasonable so I purchased it right on board. However after I napped the system could no longer recognize me so I had to make another purchase. Again this isn't a huge amount but with everything being top-notched this is a bit surprising and disappointing.
 Every time the food was disgusting!! The desserts are basically yoghurt!! Seriously yogurts are desserts?? I flied from Boston to Qatar. Qatar to Dhaka and then return from Dhaka to Qatar, Qatar to Boston. Almost in every meal food was not tasty! Disgusting foods! Means Qatar does not have good food culture! The bread they provide is so hard, that even the dogs of USA will not eat! My kids couldn't eat anything from the flight. My son has autism so we signed for the DPNA code. When we checked in looked like the staffs do not even know what is that! I didn't find any special accommodation for DPNA code provided by the Qatar Airways. We had hard time making them let us take the stroller with us as we had 8 hrs transit time in Qatar! I traveled so many other airlines. Emirates is still the best. No where near them! I will give it 2 star!
  Frankfurt Terminal 2 checkin and security check was swift and friendly. Contract Lounge rather average. Flights uneventful, crew on the second leg was rather stressed. Why wake one up for breakfast three hours prior to arrival on a 6h night flight? Seats were cramped, slightly better on the CX aircraft. What was very annoying was the fact that the ex Cathay aircraft did not have the usual 4000+ choices entertainment system (which was even promoted after departure), but a different interface with about 35 random movies and shorts and no Audio programs. 
  Flight was okay and Doha airport and city both are very nice, amazing place. Problem is customer service on the phone. They don't speak or understand English very well. When you ask for supervisor because you've called several times and they're not understanding, they give you a hard time and say the supervisor can't do anything and try to get you to not transfer. After insisting they put you on hold for 15+ minutes only for the supervisor to get on the line for a few minutes, and every time I called they hang up mid way through the call. They said an investigation would take 24-48 hours, it took 1 week.
 Our flight was delayed 2.5 hours due to a technical difficulty and we were made to wait for the transfer buses for half of that. We were given a 45 QAR voucher which wasnt enough for a water and slice of pizza so we had to pay for the difference. On top of that the hostesses were constantly hounding us over having our feet in our shoes (which is a bad idea since feet start to smell inside shoes and disturbs other passengers). All in all I got the experience I would get in a budget local airline and I'd rather pay more using a different airline than to experience this again.
  The seat was small. The staff was very nice. There was a family of adults in front of us. As the plane took off, the man put his seat in full recline position and did not move during the flight. I had to put my legs under the seat next to him thus preventing my daughter and my wife from sleeping. I tried to tell him several times no answers. When i realised the family father was next on the right i showed him politely. He looked down on me in a very protective way. The staff did nothing on this flight but on the second part of the flight on the second plane another guy got reminded to put his seat in standing position whereas he just moved down the seat a little bit for few minutes. Good point: the food is nice and the videos too.
  Flight on time. Smooth cooperation with their partner Rwandair by whom I arrived with in Doha early morning coming from Kigali. Luggage transfer went smooth, arrived quickly in Hanoi. In Doha I had 12 hours layover; I was eventually denied a hotel stay but had lounge access to their decent Platinum lounge. Onboard, recognised as elite traveller and was well pampered by professional attendants. They secured me 3 seats in a row by applying seat-block for me as elite flier. The plane was not fully occupied as this is a new, additional flight on this route. IFE of high class and movies renewed frequently. Food onboard improving for QR: 3 offerings at dinner, of which I had two dishes of beef, which was excellent. Beers were of ridiculous poor quality, wines were fair, including a sparkling Spanish cava. The wineglasses are so small that they embarrass the passengers. They hold 5-8 cl only. The wineglasses on my previous flight, Rwandair, are 4 times larger. Amenity kit given though rather useless. A hot snack was offered before morning landing in Hanoi. Recommended, can't demand much more for economy class. But bring onboard your own slippers, and headset. Qatar Airways' tickets have become too expensive during Corona.
  I flew with Qatar to HKT via DOH (return via BKK-DOH-AMS) using Economy class on the AMS to DOH segment and Business class on the DOH to HKT segment. New interior with plenty of legroom in economy and good service on the ground and in the air. Old business class on the Doha to Phuket segment but still very good with a very nice amenity kit and pyamas provided. Return via BKK, all segments in economy was also good, with a seamless transfer process in Doha. Will keep flying Qatar.
  The aircraft was very old, the screen Tv was blurred and not working and my seat was uncomfortable. No wifi unfortunately. The cabin crew were nice, respectful and helpful.
 We had a flight from Tehran to Dallas USA. My customer service representative was super courteous. She explained the whole procedure in an excellent manner, she provided the right kind of wheelchair service for me and my mother, and in total her careful explanation of the procedures until I get to the destination helped to lower my anxiety from attending a long 18 hours trip.
 Exceptional service with this airline. Caring, warm, personable.  I mentioned to the crew that I don't drink alcohol. Not only did they prepare a glass of non-alcoholic champagne for me, they brought and showed me the bottle just to reassure me that the alcohol content was zero percent. Then after the main meal, they came round to tell each of us, "The service isn't over!"  And many of the ground staff I interacted with were just as impressive. 
  I am writing to express my utmost satisfaction and appreciation for the exceptional in-flight service I recently experienced during my travel with Qatar Airways. I was pleasantly surprised by the level of service and attention to detail provided throughout my journey from Auckland to Doha and back. I received a warm and friendly welcome and their professionalism and commitment to customer satisfaction made my travel experience memorable. I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to Eric and the rest of the team on the Auckland to Doha leg, as well as to Alexandra and the crew members on the Doha to Auckland leg. They went above and beyond. I must also commend the quality and taste of the special meal that I had ordered.  Qatar Airways' attention to dietary preferences and ability to provide a satisfying dining experience is commendable. 
  Both flights were uneventful with the usual good service, but declining catering quality. There is no butter with the bread for breakfast. Despite most of the gates at Hamad vacant, another remote parking position of arriving aircraft with wait for the buses at scorching 38 degrees. Because of this, I had to run for my connecting flight. The old 788 on the 2nd leg of the journey was in a rather poor sate and not clean. It seems someone has poured red wine over the table, and it was still sticky. Overall a rather underwhelming experience for a carrier charging more than before the Pandemic.
  Check in excessively slow. Food below average. Regular service and aircraft toilets were not very clean. Our tickets departing from Canberra were cancelled and no refunds were made. We had to spend additional money to get to Sydney. We also paid extra for departing from Canberra. It was time consuming and difficult to deal with customer service to get a new flight. My husband and I paid for tickets separately and he asked for them to be linked. I would have expected this to happen after both our flights were cancelled however this was not the case. This resulted in our seats being separated for our honeymoon. We had to arrive much earlier than necessary at the check-in counter so staff could assign us seats together. We had to spend additional time at the service desk on top of check-in to resolve this issue. In summary, we have spend extra funds, lost money and received a lower than expected experience. We'll definitely consider other airlines in the future.
  I appreciate the good and warm services provided by every staff ground and cabin. They make this my journey comfortable and relaxing. The money is worth it, the food and beverages were good too. The flight time is right on schedule. Thanks Qatar Airways!
  Qatar is usually very good, but watch out. They switched us from suites to a very old, not so comfortable business class of a very dated design. No apologies, just you get what you get.  No room for anything. Skimpy travel kit didn’t have a toothbrush. Not what you expect from an airline that claims to be best business class. 
  Great seats in business class qsuite and very well mannered crew. I would say that onboard services and staff are as good as it gets and ground service and staff are the complete opposite. Baggage was destroyed on my outbound flight and customer service has been useless in dealing with the issue and made no effort to resolve the issue before my inbound flight. The baggage allowance for business class is 40 kilos. The fee for extra baggage ranges from 10£/kilo up to 18£/kilos depending on the time you purchase it. They forgot one of my special diet meals on of my flights, providing me with  the breakfast on an overnight flight where 2 meals were offered (late dinner and breakfast). What made things worse was the Stewardess trying to convince me that because I ordered the special meal I only get breakfast! Then the supervisor came over to admit the mistake and apologise. Overall very disappointed with one of the alleged best airlines in the world. Service just does not match the level of product they are claiming to provide. Needless to say I won’t be using them again.
  Very frustrating experience with the airline. Paid during ticketing when booking my flight for extra legroom. However that did not get applied even though I have credit card receipt. I was Unable to select a different seat online via their app even though flight was not full. At airport was promised switch to exit row aisle. When I got to gate they put me in exit row center. I am 6’3 and for a 13 hour flight they could have been more accommodating. Poor customer experience. Inbound leg from Chicago to Doha did not have these problems.
 I took Qatar Airways on the Manila - Istanbul - Manila route via Doha, a total of 4 different flights and had a very good experience. Ground staff, lounge staff and on board crew always took extra the step to make my journey better. All flights departed and arrived on time. Food and Beverage options were excellent on board as well in the lounges. My only negative comment might be on boarding practices in Manila. There is a boarding card and passport check prior to entering boarding gate which is same as everywhere else. After this scanning the boarding card before boarding the aircraft which is also same but there is one more person only who checks the boarding card on the link bridge and finally the on board crew. I do not think it is necessary to perform 4 different checks. This also causes a long queue on the link bridge.
  Fast check in at Prague into A320. Good flight and service. However perhaps sending slightly bigger aircraft would be better. Very nice staff and service. Great food. At Hamad airport transfering with bus was too long
  We picked Qatar for their good deal and nice timing. Furthermore we had good experience last time we flew. During flight from BKK-DOH on new A350 I has a problem with my seat. Could not recline properly. 1 hour after the plane had taken off the seatbelt sign was still on and toilets were still locked. My wife desperately needed to go to bathroom after holding it for an hour. When she went to toilet, staff told her to sit back for safety. In the end my wife had to go and politely force the staff to open the toilet because it was not possible to wait any longer.
  Amazing service! We booked our return ticket from Manchester to Delhi via Oneworld (British Airways). However, mid-holidays, BA changed our booking and got us removed from our previously booked flight from Doha to Manchester. Despite multiple calls from me and my partner they could not resolve it and kept on promising us that it will be resolved in "next 24hrs". Lastly they told us that it will be sorted by BA airport staff at DEL airport. So we were hopeless to be stuck midway in a country/airport (Doha) which is neither the destination (Delhi, India) nor the home country (Manchester, UK). So with our last resort, we reached DEL (IGI airport) 6 hrs before with the hope to sort it out with the BA airport staff and stood in BA queue. We were asked to change queue to Qatar one. Upon talking to the Qatar airport staff, they told us that they are trying and also connected us to the BA airport manager who turned us away saying that there was nothing he could do. While we were explaining to him the whole issue and he was continuously telling us "there was nothing he could do", we could see the Qatar staff Senior Airport SVCS Agent  continuously on call and indicating/placating at us that she's trying. Disappointed, we turned to Qatar staff and their agent Aarti sorted us out on the ticket. As soon as she did so, we took her name and thanked her. What BA manager said that he is incapable of doing the Qatar agent did.
  Plane was uncomfortable, and my food was inedible. Upon flying home we had to pay over 900 euros in excess baggage. We were not given the opportunity to swap our luggage to carryon as were were told the plane was leaving. We had approximately staff pressuring us to pay and when I asked to take out a backpack which weighed over 8 kgs they would not reduce the price.  Once we paid their manner changed and we were escorted to our terminal only to find we had 40 minutes left to board. We will never fly Qatar again. 
  I flew on Qatar Airways 6 times in the last 24 days on the following routes: FRA-DOH-SLL (Business), SLL-DOH-AUH (Business), AUH-DOH-FRA (Economy). Every single flight was amazing and well-coordinated on the ground and in the air. The cabin crew were in my opinion some how much nicer and more professional than pre-corona. The food and selection of food have improved significantly and also many service steps have even increased (like the sauna service) in comparison to pre-Corona. I feel like this airline truly is the only airline that deserves the 5 stars it has! It is nice to see them keeping up to their standards and even improving every time I fly with them.
  
A very pleasant flight from Perth to Doha on May 10, 2023 and from Doha to Berlin on May 11, 2023. Great onboard care on these two flights made this long flight a pleasure.
 This was an extremely pleasant flight. Boarding in Doha was very efficient but I didn’t like that they let Economy board first and at some point asked all the Business customers to go to another counter which caused a bit of a confusion. The plane was equipped with QR’s QSuite which was a great experience. Service was very friendly, efficient and attentive. There was a lovely glas of champagne or of something else as a welcome drink. The purser welcomed every customer in the QSuite section with their name and a quick informal chat which I found very pleasant because this practice seems to have been abandoned by a lot of other airlines. Then, the stewardess took our food and drinks orders and asked us when we would like to eat. She also explained the features of the QSuite seat. Food was tasty and of high quality. Everybody received an amenity kit (Dyptique) and pajamas. As this was an overnight flight, we soon settled in and I had a very good sleep in comfortable bedding. On arrival, our stewardess woke us and breakfast was served. Deboarding was organized and easy, starting with the premium guests. Altogether, this was a fantastic experience and I can’t wait for the next flight with them.
  From the moment I settled into my seat the flight was enjoyable. The range of inflight entertainment was amazing, the food was tasty, and the portions were generous. The flight attendants were friendly and efficient. I didn't feel they were in a hurry to clear the meal trays, unlike some airlines. The plane was clean including the toilets. I particularly liked the moving map with the pilot's view camera, better than a window seat during take off and landing.
 It was the worst trip I made overseas! Booked ticket on Qatar website and on return the luggage from DEL didn't arrive at Doha. The rude staff did not allow me to board flight to DFW! After debating with them that the booking was done by Qatar Airways and any connecting flight was their responsibility, I was finally made to stay overnight. Next day reached DFW and again the flight to my destination was cancelled! They flew me to an airport 2.5 hr away and husband had to drive 5 hr to pick me up. No amount of phone support would help. Very rude staff at Doha making you feel as if it was my fault the luggage didn't arrive. They need better logistics with partner airlines. I trusted Middle East airlines over American but its a mistake. Time tested Delta and American are still dependable. A 25 hr journey took 45h.
  Old aircraft with old interior. Privacy screen between seats don't extend out enough. Staff on point as always! Food quality up to the regular standards.
  Service on point as always! Better seats in a Boeing 787. More comfortable for me. Well the privacy door is snice but seat comfy. Still don't understand why free wi-fi isn't included in business tickets.
  Always good to travel business in a Boeing 787. Prefer this over the Q-suites they have om some flight. Yes the privacy door is nice, but the seats in a Boeing 787 is more comfortable. Service on point as always. Lunch was quite poor in selection and quality.
 Qatar Airways has three daily flights between Johannesburg and Doha though QSuites was advertised it did not actually have it. The policy of allowing 2 checked it bags rather than by the kilo gives them a distinct advantage. On this flight the service was very good and since it was an A350 their business class layout of 1-2-1 gives single travelers the choice of sitting alone and having privacy the on board. WI-FI was good and the service was top notch wonderful crew
  Enjoyable flight with friendly and helpful crew. Delay in Nairobi airport meant I barely made my connection in Doha and my baggage was not transferred to my flight to Dublin. It was delivered to my home in a fairly remote rural location in 24 hours. I'll be using Qatar Airways again.
  I am a frequent flyer with Qatar Airways normally flying business class but on this occasion I have flown economy. A very big thank you to Janet (Flight Manager QR 06 on Sunday 30th April) and her crew on flight from London Heathrow to Doha a great service. She was simply the best so was the crew who looked after me, nothing was to much for them. 
  Very attentive, courteous and helpful staff. Good food, but the portions could be slightly bigger. My favourite airline as I have flown with many other airlines in the past but none of them beat the quality of service I receive from Qatar Airways. I am absolutely always excited when flying with them as I have never been dissatisfied.
  I would like to say a big thank you to all the crew that worked in the flight from Doha back to Madrid, 24/04/2023, second flight connection from Thailand. I had travelling sickness, a really hard one after a big turbulence, and I was surprised of how everyone working on board helped me and treated me. They took care of me, asked for doctor and nurse on the plane, they gave me everything that I needed, they let me lay down for 3 hours because was impossible to stay at my seat and they understood and did everything. So Im really glad for it. After that they called the paramedics from Madrid Airport who took me at the exit of the flight and drove me to the hospital where I stayed for all night long. I'm fine now, at home, and for sure it's all on you, Qatar Crew. I really appreciated it.
  I purchased two tickets to ensure I have comfort and room to spread out. Got through Atlanta fine, they gave me my ticket but there was an issue at the gate which was resolved. Arrived in Doha and everything went smoothly from there to KL. On the return flight I was delayed hours before they reprimanded me for purchasing two tickets, as that was against their regulations. My ticket and my trip were deleted from the app and had to be redone at the airport, with the trip never reappearing on my app nor the option to review them. Arriving in Doha, the ticket had to be redone a second time and I was forced to show them receipts for my purchases. Flights were enjoyable but I will never fly them again. 
 I got my tkt 11 months ago. Biz class from Doha to São Paulo. Selected window seat 8k. A month ago I checked my reservation and all correct. Today checking in, they had changed me to aisle seat 8G without any communication with me. Only window seat left is 11L. 
  Flown with Qatar Airways to the UK a few times now and they are always consistently good. Economy will always be economy, but with Qatar it is at least reasonably comfortable. Pretty good leg room, seat comfort fine, IFE has a good selection and the food was of a good standard. Standout for me though was their punctuality. All flights left right on time and arrived bang on time. Boarding process is organised and the crew were welcoming.
  I was traveling with Qatar Airways from Doha to Dhaka, Bangladesh on April 17th in Economy class. Earlier I traveled from DFW to DOH in Business class. Cabin crew who was serving us is Rania. Rania was such an outstanding cabin crew, she was very warm, welcoming, accommodating and went above and beyond to make the flight experience pleasant. While serving dinner, they ran out of my preferred meal, she made sure that her colleagues on the other isles had my preferred meal and she brought it to me. Although I traveled in Economy class from Doha to Dhaka, her genuine care and warm disposition made me feel like I was traveling in Business class. She definitely upheld the standard that Qatar airways promise it's clientele and boast about! Thank you Rania, and thank you Qatar airways!
 The aircraft was changed at the last minute to an ancient one, with a seating configuration of 2-2-2 instead of 1-2-1 Q-Suites. Offering that kind of configuration for the same price as a Q-Suite is just robbery. Anyway, the crew was great and always willing to help. On the catering side, despite the flight leaving at 2am Qatar should in my opinion have a couple of full meals available for passenger who do not want to sleep right away. The only options were soup or salad or cheese. Given the age of the aircraft, the air was very dry and I could barely sleep.  In the future, I will avoid their ancient 777 at any cost!
  The incoming plane arrived one hour late, but despite that they managed to leave on time. The aircraft was new, and the service from the flight crew was great...nothing to fault. The meal quality was impeccable, and they have decent selection of non alcoholic drinks (I cannot drink for medical reasons). One of the best flights overall. But the experience was trashed by the arrival in Doha, as the aircraft got a parking space in the middle of nowhere, followed by a 45 minute bus ride to the terminal.
  I love QR's Q Suites. This was the second sector of a flight from the UK. As usual service and in flight offerings were excellent - apart from one thing. Generally I have never worked out why QR pilots announce the start of descent about an hour before touch down when in fact the aircraft does not start descending until about 25 minutes beforehand. In this short overnight flight of less than 6 hours, that cuts sleep time. Specifically, this is the second time I have had QR flight attendants prior to departure take my breakfast requests and serving time, and then get it hopelessly wrong! This time I wished merely coffee, juice and two croissants with marmalade as late as possible. I was asked if this meant about two hours or one hour prior ro landing. I stated one hour. When I was wakened, I discovered it was two hours prior to landing. I then waited about 20 minutes before another FA tried to set up my table for a full breakfast. Asking her to look at the request sheet, there was no apology. Eventually I got an orange juice and a full bread basket with just one croissant. Asking for a second croissant, yet another full bread basket arrived. Only later when I had finished the croissants and juice did the coffee appear. When so much else is so good, this is surely a major error on an overnight flight. It certainly left me in a less than good mood
  I traveled with my family from Nagoya to Dublin via Tokyo Narita and Doha. Our experience was average overall. We flew on 787-8's, 777-300ER, and A350-1000. Seats were good quality and design, but narrow on the 777 especially (10 seats across) even though the leg-room was good. The newest of their aircraft was the best to fly on - the A350, with a roomy and airy feeling, with high ceiling. The in-flight experience was mostly good, but they could be more generous with drinks and snacks between meals. Children don't always eat at the designated times during the flight. The worst part of our experience was the structure of the ground service and connections. We had to re-check our bags in Tokyo for the domestic flights, security checks in-transit in Doha, buses for the Dublin flight in Doha, and QR don't issue boarding passes for the JAL domestic connection.  Overall, I might fly on this airline again but I don't see anything specific that stands out and would convince me to always choose them over a European airline in the future.
  Qatar Airways is a good airline, not expensive, no big delays at the departure, good meals. The crew was nice, but not able to help me with the wi-fi on board. I paid around ten dollars for using the wi-fi on board and couldn't use it. It was impossible to connect, and no one could help me. 
  I recently had the pleasure of flying with Qatar airways and was fortunate to have Claire as my cabin crew member. From the moment I boarded the plane, her warm and welcoming demeanor put me at ease. Throughout the flight, she was attentive to my needs and went out of her way to make sure I was comfortable. Her professionalism and dedication to her job were truly impressive. Overall, her exceptional service helped make my flight a pleasant and enjoyable experience. 
  I had to travel home in March 2023 and it was a most unplanned trip occasioned by family bereavement. Alina and her colleague in Dublin Airport (20/03/2023) were extremely kind and helpful. Alina looked after me so well, she went over and above her call of duty to ensure that I boarded the flight on time as I was having an issue with my covid cert which was not downloading. Just know that I will never forget you! I have been telling everyone who cares to listen about you and Qatar Airways! I've been telling everyone to use Qatar for their travels - as for me, I am bought.
  3 Legs with Qatar and 1 with codeshare Malaysian on tired B777. The service on board was okay, there were not many drink runs and the food was typical economy food, the seats on B777 are very uncomfortable, leg room was ok. Main issue was the aircrafts are looking tired and the sooner they get their A350 fleet in the air the better. The entertainment system was so so, not really impressed but flights on time and not an empty seat on any legs.
  I have been taking Qatar Airways for 10 years for all my trips to Asia, and I have never regretted having taken this company. I travel 2 to 3 times a year, and always with my family, and I would never change this company for another. We have always been satisfied, both by its very attentive staff, and by its timetables, as well as by its services. I have the gold card, and I have a lot of advantages. Since COVID, prices have gone up, it's true, but I think that's true for all airlines. I urge you to take this company, and I'm sure you won't regret it. But I also and above all hope that Qatar Airways will not change either.  Je prends depuis 10 ans Qatar Airways pour tous mes voyages en Asie, et je n'ai jamais regretté d'avoir pris cette compagnie. Je voyage 02 à 03 fois/an, et toujours en famille et je changerais jamais cette compagnie pour une autre .on a toujours été satisfait, et par son personnels très attentifs, et par sa ponctuation horaires, ainsi que par ses services. J'ai la carte gold, et j'ai énormément d'avantages. Depuis le COVID, les prix ont augmenté, c'est vrai, mais je pense que c'est valable pour toutes les compagnies aériennes. Moi je vous conseille vivement de prendre cette compagnie, et je suis sûr que vous ne le regretterez pas. Mais j'espère aussi et surtout que Qatar Airways ne changeras pas non plus.
 Width of the seats is unacceptable. I can recommend business class, I advise against a longer economy class flight due to the seats. 
 I flew out from London to Bangkok and returned from Kuala Lumpur to London on a 'Multi-city' booking. This review refers to both legs which were in B777-300ER aircraft. I have previously flown Qatar business class, including their Q-suites, but this time flew economy on all sectors. I did have Sapphire lounge access but this is not the same as their business lounges which they reserve exclusively for their full fare paying business class passengers. The planes were full. I mean, literally every seat taken. Considering this, Qatar Airways were outstanding. I have occasionally flown with other airlines on full flights and it can be chaotic, even unpleasant. Not with Qatar whose staff took everything in their stride. The food was excellent for economy class. Would I fly economy again? For two roughly 7-hour legs, probably yes. Really, Qatar Airways make economy long haul bearable. Superb level of service.
  Flew Barcelona to Goa via Doha. We booked seats but the plane class changed, meaning we did not have seats in place where we booked. The entertainment system was good with excellent choice. The food was the same for each leg of flight and was poor quality.
  This company is really number one. Excellent food, kind staff, good seats, clean toilet  No complaining! They are the best and my favorite. 
  Hussain, the manager at Qatar Airways - Sharjah airport exceeded my expectations with his exceptional service. His friendly demeanor and accommodating nature made my experience with Qatar Airways more memorable. He went above and beyond to ensure that my needs were met and that I had a comfortable and enjoyable flight. I would highly recommend Qatar Airways to anyone traveling and hope that they are lucky enough to have Hussain as their manager.
  I was travelling from Miami to India via Doha and from Miami to Doha flight no Q778. Qatar Airways is known for its exceptional hospitality. Cabin crew name Hisham was excellent on his job. Not only he endeavoured his duty by serving the customer but his generosity and courteous towards the passenger makes me overwhelmed. It was very long flight for me but i feel relaxed because of the crew like Hisham who were there to serve us. Thankyou so much.
  We flew from KL back to Doha on 20 March on Business Class and the in-flight service was fantastic! Everyone taking care of us from the moment we stepped on the plane had a lovely personality and manner about them. They were all very helpful, had a great smile and provided good information about the business class suites and with selecting our drinks and food for the flight. We would like to extend a very special Thank You to the staff who really stood out with their customer service attitude and made our almost 8hour flight very pleasant. Well done Qatar Airways.
  I found the meals to be poor, seat uncomfortable, and the selection of beverages less than advertised. My flight was late, and when we arrived in Doha there was no support from the ground crew. When I missed my flight due to them being late, no explanation, vouchers, or even acknowledgment of any kind.
  Booked single business class flight from Ho Chi Minh to Manchester, an excellent flight on both legs with their old products. I was disappointed it was not q-suite as i wanted to try it out. Had a great sleep on both legs, crew were friendly and very attentive, especially on the 2nd leg of the flight. Came over on numerous occasions collecting items & asking if I required anything. Food was excellent and tasty, kept the champagne flowing & offering snacks. The business class lounge was excellent serving a la carte menu with full table service, would love to spend more time there. I would definitely fly qatar airways again, hopefully a Qsuite.
  Thank you for the wonderful inflight experience we had during our flight from Zagreb to Dubai via Doha. This holiday I got to experience 3 popular middle Eastern Airways Etihad & Emirates includes. I must confess the openness and welcome my wife & I felt at Qatar Airways is unparallel to any other. Middle of the night when I went to use the washroom inflight crew with a long smile, simply asked if I need anything, probably some midnight snack or drink, Own me Over that was unexpected. I never saw them without a smile on their face during the entire flight of 6 hours. Specially I want to narrate this incident. I had some liquid items which I bought from Zagreb Airport, a Duty-free store. At Doha transit security when I explained the situation with proper receipts/bills, they were kind enough to call Qatar Airways staff who arranged special packaging and did all the security procedures to get that in the check-in baggage. All that they managed to do, when my flight had only 15/20 mins left for boarding.  We could be nothing more than, offering our gratitude and thank you for going above and beyond. 
  The flight from BNE to DOH in November 2022 was very pleasant in QSuite and with an amazing staff and great food. I was very happy. The flight from DOH to ZRH on the other hand was on a very old plane and staff didn't seem motivated. My Virgin Australia flight from MEL to BNE got cancelled and Qatar did give me the choice to go without that leg or cancel the entire flight. I had to organise the rebooking myself and they kept sending me e-mails about cancelled flights which every time I had to investigate to find out that there were no cancellations. The Customer service of Qatar ignored my complaint and did not respond.
  The perks of flying First with QR is the lounges and onboard tranquility. The rest is nothing special. Even using my miles I would refrain to use them on 1st unless I had to forego them. Their excellent business class makes 1st class almost superfluous. The product is conservative, amazing space, and care level as the pax desires. QR markets their 1st class as a “relish the myriad of exclusive offerings”. Business class is similar (better?) and provides better value for the money. A single spoon of Pearl caviar doesn’t make it. The original can was displayed upon request. Sparkling wines in First are expensive, branded Rare and Alexandra (both ex. 2006), but Business has 2 fine champagnes, which are cheaper and good.  The interior of cabin is dull, conservative, with brownish un-inspirational colors. Access to Bar is fine but not only a 1st Class privilege. Tried to preselect food for weeks before flying but it does not work from my departing cities. Could not  access a menu in advance. Lounges, food, space, and service is better than business class. Welcome champagnes on board; given kit and a quality pyjamas. Champagnes served are truly expensive in contrast to the meagre, cheap, industrial sub-quality beers they could offer. Leffe was the least poor. On QR, I have never been able to get an IPA or porter beer. Food not much better than business class, a spoon of Pearl caviar and a deshelled, dry lobster hand does not make the justification nor significant difference.  Had hoped for some outstanding food, but it was close to ordinary. IFE fine big screen. Ground and Luggage: QR has ground handling problems. They refused to relabel my bags to final destination. Staff disregarded QR’s partnership with Rwandair, resulting me to lose my luggage transfer to final destination. Neither QR in Doha nor in BKK were willing to fix it. However, Rwandair fixed it eventually and opted to board me but leaving my bags 2 days behind in Doha before next flight to Kigali. Had to accept. Partnerships with Rwandair has problems of non-aligned systems, separate bookings, BPs not issued reversely, luggage transfer failures, no full lounge access reciprocality. BOOKING Very hard to come around vacant award seats in F, so I had to plan an entire journey around a leg found (BKK-DOH) to accommodate it. Award booking with QR took weeks to book, coordinate, manage, and process. Exacerbated by the fact that my QR booking had to fit into another QR award booking with a partner airline (Rwandair). 
 The best airline in the world, I appreciate the services, good food and the staff were helpful. I now suggest everyone to travel through Qatar Airways.
  It was a very long flight from Sydney to Doha, cabin crew were very attentive and professional. As the flight was only during the night and everyone was trying to get as much sleep as possible, I was very disappointed that water has to be requested. Usually there is some water available in the galley without any asking but this was not the case.  And also the movies available had nothing controversial on the list.
  My daughter left her trumpet on the plane. We contacted Qatar Airways in December and they replied after three weeks in January saying that they had the instrument and would return it. Since then, despite the fact that we have sent many emails requesting information / updates ... we have heard nothing. In terms of customer service they have been terrible. The Qatar Airways flight flight was ok, nothing special.
  I booked Gatwick to Cape Town via Doha return. I was told that the first sector was a code share from LGW to Doha and would be operated by British Airways I reluctantly accepted this. I got told that on the return journey the Doha to LHR this sector was also going to operated by BA. At this point I told Flight Centre I wanted to cancel all the flights and get a full refund. My travel agent then came back with an offer to change the flight back to a Qatar Airways flight from Doha and to Gatwick which I accepted. We flew on LGW to Doha which was as expected a very average Club experience on an old style BA plane. Doha airport was a nightmare, badly signposted, heaving with people,  Wi Fi was rubbish a very poor experience. Doha to Cape Town in the Q suite is a very nice way to fly. Better than BA first class in many ways. It lived up to expectations and was good news. The day before our return to the UK, received an email from Qatar saying another change of plane and no Q Suite. Could not delay flying back due to commitments. The seat was hard, lumpy and uncomfortable and did not properly go into flat bed position. The staff on board were hugely apologetic but there was nothing they could do. A pretty poor flight to Doha, where we then found the main business class lounge closed and everyone packed into another lounge. The flight to Gatwick not a Q Suite but it was a reasonably modern plane with good service. I wrote to Qatar Airways saying I had not received what I had booked and paid for and got a very polite letter back saying they were not prepared to give me any compensation whatsoever. 
  Our tickets from JFK to MLE were changed from Jan 31 to Feb 1, 2023. Luckily, I found out before the flight date. On the day of the flight, the flight was delayed for more than 3 hours, and we missed the connection from DOH to MLE. Qatar Airways said they are not responsible for the compensation. Extremely disappointing. We flew 4 times with the airline, the flights were all smooth.
  I bought a round trip business class Lite ticket under the expectation that it would be Q-Suite. I selected my seats in Qatar Airways seat app, which showed the Q-Suite layout. At ATL  check-in I was told that there was an operational issue and the aircraft had changed with an old business class seat. This happened on my return from DOH to ATL leg. As for DOH to BLR and BLR to DOH, we did get a Q-Suite and it was as expected. 
 Wow what an incredible experience with Qatar. I was lucky enough to experience the Q- Suites and I wasn't disappointed. From the moment I checked in I was made to feel special which made my trip even more memorable. I will most definitely use Qatar Airways again and thoroughly recommend their services. Thank you Qatar.
  The first leg from DC to Doha was on the 777-200ER with 3-4-3 configuration in economy which is an awful set up.  My food was inedible but service as always was excellent. I flew Business Class on the Doha to Denpasar route on a Boeing 777-300ER. It was an excellent flight even if entertainment options were limited. Then they informed me they failed to load my baggage in Doha. It was a 10 hour layover and they couldn’t get my bag loaded?  They informed it arrived at Denpasar hours later and said they were waiting for the driver to deliver it. And then nothing, it is 8 hours later and no update or response. No luggage.
  Take off was 2140 and my food was served approx 2330. Kids meals were awful, and my children wouldn’t touch it. The meal service finished approx 45 mins later, lights went off, only for the lights to come on 2 hours later to serve a pastry. So we are wide awake and another 2 hours to go in the flight. Finally landed in Doha exhausted. Thankfully the crew and service were more prompt on the next leg, but my food was awful. Kids were served egg wrap and as there were no meat choices when crew came to us I was served a veg dish which was awful. Doubtful I will choose to fly Qatar again.
  Manila to Zurich, I checked in online and been given the boarding passes (from Manila to Doha + from Doha to Zurich) with both seati numbers displayed. Landed in Doha I had to wait 3hrs at the respective gate. On my boarding pass I had zone 4 which is I think the last zone. When scanning my boarding pass it showed "seating issues" and I had to see staff who said that Economy is overbooked. I was in shock and asked what that means for me. He replied "flight is full you, you need to go to Customer Service". And I asked politely why there is a seating number and why I was even been checked in if the flight is full? I asked if he could please check once everyone is on board if there is still capacity in any the plane, I stood there and asked if he could recheck. In the end there was one space left and I could fly, but I received my luggage only the day after.
  The flight from Cochin to Doha is on codeshare partner Indigo which is a low cost airline. There was no online check in, no connecting boarding pass, no PTV, no warm food, just basic sandwiches, no alcohol. The flight is shown as operated by Indigo on the ticket but that may mean very little to a lot of travellers.
 Madrid - Doha - Sharjah (Round Trip) because of the stopover in Doha in which you can stay up to 4 days in Doha and pay 40€ per night in 5* hotel such as Marriott Marquis Doha. I didn't want to pay the 83€ for the Emergency seat, as it is too high for a 6:30 flights. The seat pitch in the economy seats on the B787 (MAD - DOH), B777 (DOH - MAD) and A320 (DOH -SHJ) is smaller,  a small difference but my knees could feel the difference. The food on the flight is good and of course was happy that on the long flights they offer free wine. In Doha after passport control,  I had to wait almost 1 hour because the flight was a bit late, the waiting place  was so full that there was no place to sit for many passengers. The Wi-Fi didn't work and there were no toilets in this boarding gate. 
  I was flying from Düsseldorf to Malé via Doha on Qatar Airways. The service was very professional and at times excellent. The food was mostly decent, definitely above average for Economy. Finally, operations were very reliable. All flights were on time, and the boarding and deplaning processes were well-organized. On the Boeing 787-8 the legroom was awful and restrained by a large inflight entertainment box under the seat in front, the seat was quite hard, and the headrest could not be adjusted on the sides. This seat was probably among the most uncomfortable that I have experienced on a wide-body plane. Overall, I would fly Qatar Airways again if the price is right. But I would not pay a premium for this experience.
  I was flying economy but upgraded to business, also had to come back home earlier, the customer service representative at Qatar Airways was helpful, so that worked out. I was disappointed as Qatar changed the planes at the last moment and I was really looking forward to traveling in Q Suite, but the journey due to in cabin service was Excellent. Cabin staff Ying and Komal were phenomenal, professional, helpful and super nice, could not ask for a better service. I would recommend to experience Qatar Airways as journey from check in, business lounge and in cabin service goes above and beyond.
  We had the most pleasant experience with the crew onboard this flight. They were very helpful and friendly. Akshaya was the most perfect host on this flight .We shall definitely recommend Qatar Airways because of our experience with this professional lady. Very well done.
  I flew Economy from Singapore to Dubai via Doha on Qatar Airways and I was absolutely impressed. Service is top level that it beats SQ service - something which is very hard. Legroom space and seat pitch is amazing in Economy and the F&B are better than SQ. 
  First time I have flown with Qatar Airways and I’m blown away by the quality of the aircraft and service. The cabin crew were extremely attentive and friendly. Subbayal was looking after me, took the time to introduce himself, explain the menu and constantly check if I needed anything else. I will definitely be flying Qatar Airways again. 
  The planes from Athens to Doha and back were extremely old A330-300. Seat space is limited, if you take a window seat there is a metal box in front of you. No wifi, no USB, LCD screen has limited brightness / contrast. Entertainment full of 2nd class movies and series. Doha airport lounge access is extremely expensive and restricted, which offered only 2 different dishes. Impossible to find a proper place to relax, only good option was the shower available. I tried to add the cheaper lounge before my flight but was not allowed because you have to do that 48 hours before the flight. Toilets are quite limited, I had to wait in line for 10 min for a toilet booth. Boarding was organized chaos in all 4 flights, especially the last one from Doha to Athens, where we had to had to use buses. Wait in line for a bus to arrive and delayed departure because of that. Check in was OK in Athens, very slow in Bangkok, had to wait 40 min in line. Food and service was fine in all flights but nothing spectacular, for example no sparkling water. Wifi was advertised in the flight from Doha to Bangkok but it worked only from Bangkok to Doha. In all, a pretty average to poor experience.
  First leg was great, great crew, food and beverage good, travelling with 4 kids all happy. Second leg doh-cpt dreadful, no kids meals, ife rubbish plane old and dirty even though it was only 4.5 years old. Extremely turbulent flight but no reassurance from crew or pilot for nervous passengers. 
  From arriving at the airport on our journey and throughout the cabin staff were run off there feet, and are a credit to the firm. Very pleasant and accommodating, nothing was too much trouble. Having read the baggage policies many times, and cutting our baggage to a minimum, I was appalled at how many people were over the limit on size, number and weight of the cabin luggage. The cabin staff are having to struggle on moving bags around to get everybody accommodated, they should not be lifting these overweight bulky items to a level higher than they are. Then having to pacify a complaining passenger whose bag was more than the accepted size because they had to move it further down the cabin. I would like to say a big thank you to all the cabin staff that delivered great care and devotion to all in my section D/E 31, They worked wonders.
  Qsuites on the A350 on Qatar are incredible. The privacy, inflight entertainment, and the most importantly the service afforded by the flight attendants are second to none.
  Excellent seats and service although the A380 does not have Q suite seats. I don't see how anyone surpasses Qatar's business class. The flight attendants, food, cleanliness of the aircraft were all unbeatable.
  You have to watch a lot of advertising about Qatar during the flight. The seats were not comfortable, the flight attendants were friendly but overchallenged with the service. I had to wait more than half an hour to get a can of beer, they wouldn't give me enough water. My request for any snacks was friendly denied two times in a row. I cannot recommend this airline.
  The customer service was exceptional from the check in, lounge. On boarding the staff were very attentive and looked after us throughout the flight. The food was good.
 I travelled Qatar Airways from JFK to Islamabad, 1st leg from JFK to Doha was operated by AA. The transit experience at Hamad international Airport was great, from disembarking the plane, going to the lounge and then boarding the plane again to Islamabad was pleasant and easy. The ground staff were very pleasant, professional and eager to help. Next step on board the flight was equally nice. Would especially like to mention the supervisor from Lebanon who introduced himself to all business class passengers and personally helped the staff. I didn’t eat during the flight as wanted to sleep, but I am sure it would have been a good experience. The best part as always is the Q Suite, it gives you comfort and privacy, I was tired after flying on a long transatlantic flight but still sleeping in Q suite for about 3 hours was worth it. Overall great experience!
  
I had a Qatar voucher. I made a booking for February 2023 but sustained an injury within hours, so I cancelled. Despite this cancellation being within the 24 hour free cancellation that they so proclaim on their booking site, they have deducted £350 from the refund. Nowhere in their terms and conditions did it say that they would do this. 
  My experience on Qatar Airways was flawless from beginning to end. Check-in was a breeze, the service and amenities at the lounge in Doha was exceptional (staff were especially kind). In-flight was outstanding. Minimal number of cabin announcements which were efficiently delivered. Service was attentive without being intrusive. The food served was outstanding. The quantity offered personified the Arab hospitability custom of making sure you were never in want. I can't think of any flight experience where I was provided such comfort and lavished with such attention in such a non-intrusive manner. I was in an oasis of calm, quiet rest. It's going to be very hard to not route my future trips through Doha on Qatar Airways - thank you to the Qatar Airways team - truly exceptional.
 Where do I start. This was my first flight with Qatar, and it’s the best flight I have ever experienced. I flew business, and it was actually better the BA’s First class. From start to finish, the customer service was exceptional. The check in process was fantastic. I love the little seating area and fresh drink when you arrive. The lounge at Heathrow was fantastic – particularly the staff - who couldn’t do enough for you. It is without doubt the best food I’ve ever had on an aircraft (I’ve added photos so you can see), and again the best service. I really couldn’t fault anything. You clearly get what you pay for, and other airlines could learn a lot from Qatar. Thank you for looking after me. It was a pleasure flying with you.
  They’re currently using elderly A330 on the Nairobi route and these aren’t very comfortable compared to the B787 or B777 they used to bring to Nairobi. Terrible seat pitch. Tiny, faded IFE screens and the dreaded metal box under the seats that takes up half your legroom. And not enough room for carry on luggage if the plane is full. My flight from Doha to Nairobi was packed to the rafters so they were randomly selecting passengers to give up their hand luggage so that it could be put in the hold so as not to overwhelm the overhead bins on board. I had my standard cabin-approved trolley bag which I was told needed to be checked in. I had to remove my electronics and valuables and stuff these in my laptop bag to carry on board. I was given a flimsy zip tie to secure my bag and off it went into the hold. On arrival in Nairobi, it was one of the last bags to make it to the luggage conveyor belt. The flight was a night flight, so I opted to get some sleep rather than wait for dinner. After managing to fall asleep, I was awoken twice to be asked if I wanted to have dinner, which I clearly did not. On the plus side, the flight was bang on time to the minute, only marred by the long wait for baggage on arrival. Nairobi is a busy route for QR (most of their flights are full) so I don’t know why they put such a mediocre airplane type on it. 
  I have flown them a few times and never been impressed and last week there was no choice of breakfast food served two hours into a six hour flight followed by a snack 90 minutes later. Small half cup of tea and one milk sachet. No drinks service separated. IFE nothing near competition and quite small seats. It took a long time for the crew to move with the food service. Warm to hot cabin conditions. Good value for money so that was a saving grace and check in and boarding well organised.
  My first time flying with Qatar, and what a wonderful experience it was! Despite the long flight (21 hours in the air in each direction), every leg was excellent. Seats were comfortable and spacious - with excellent legroom. Even on relatively short 4 hour flights there were pillows and blankets on each seat. IFE was decent, with a wide selection of movies and programmes to choose from. The food was all of a high standard - a good selection (usually 3 choices) of meals, and each was tasty and filling. I was very impressed with the alcohol selection - a sparkling wine (rare in economy class), quality red and white wine, two beers, and a small selection of spirits. Most impressive of all was the service: the crew were friendly, attentive, and polite. Drink runs were regular, and staff were engaging and highly professional. On one leg with few passengers, the staff were wonderful - constantly checking up on us, offering more drinks, proactively offering to make a festive cocktail (in economy class!), and ensuring our comfortable. All flights were on-time, and Doha airport was a pleasure to transit through. I was very impressed with Qatar, and look forward to flying them again.
  After being stranded in CDG Airport by Vietnam Airlines I was thankfully able to book a flight home to Sydney in economy to make a family wedding. The cost, 4.2k, I can understand it's a high price to pay for a last minute flight that I booked a little over 12 hours in advance, but it's insulting to have an empty seat on the flight next to me and several other empty seats on the flight.  I paid an extra 90 euros to get into the business class lounge for my 13 hour layover, no where when I selected this option, informed me that the ticket is for only 6 hours in the business lounge.  My seat on the A388 was horrible, I was in front of the bathroom. I couldn't eat on the plane. My seat didn't recline properly, and the seat in front reclined further than the other seats in its row. 
  An outstanding experience. In my extensive years of flying this excelled. Especially the Bangkok to Doha sector A380. The food was of an extraordinary standard and my stewardess added to the overall journey experience with her exceptionally attentive, patient and kindly contribution. I will not forget that journey for a long time if ever, thank you Victoria and of course the supporting crew. The seat is of course wonderfully set up and appointed with all I required for the 7 hours. The flat bed gives unparalleled comfort and sleep whilst flying. The noise cancelling head phones and a huge range of entertainment suited my tastes. Again thank you team Qatar exceptional again.
 Check-in and security check at MUN airport swift and efficient as usual. Contract lounge decent. The upgrade from B788 to 789 with its new mini Qsuite a pleasant surprise. The new seat is more tight with a tiny footrest, which makes sleeping more difficult, but the sliding door provides more privacy. Service and catering on both flights at a high standard. The usual remote bus transfer in Doha. I can’t recall any airbridge arrival/departure (besides A380 flights) over the past 2 years. Reminds me of the old Doha Airport. Bus transfer took ages this time, because of a very remote position of aircraft and several long stops on the way. The usual stressful transit security check I have not seen at any other airport for years. Al Safa lounge as always a great place to relax and rewind. Flight from Doha to BKK on the glorious A380 uneventful and despite full in all classes, great standard of service.
 Awesome experience, Great staff, delicious food, and on time performance. I will definitely choose Qatar again. However I have two things to mention. First during boarding from a bus on a tarmac we were struck by hard rain without cover. Second, it would be useful to allow passengers to leave a sign (wake me up or leave me sleep) for staff to be woken up when food is being served.
 I booked my flight with a third party seller on June 20. In December 18 I paid almost US$ 200.00 to book the extra leg room seats, but the seats have not been reserved. The employee at the counter said it was a system failure and that there was nothing they could do. The employee gave me an aisle seat, although I think it was not fair. I also couldn’t find at their website one link to make a complaint without having to subscribe to an account in their Privilege Club, so again not really helpful and it felt like fishing. This is why I am writing a review here.
 Very frustrated that when you book business class with Qatar Airways directly on their website that they outsource to Air Canada and they put me in premium economy for the third leg of my returning trip. I was then denied access to the Maple Leaf lounge because the ticket stated premium economy. Paid nearly $10 grand including taxes for round trip business class. It’s very disappointing to see Qatar ruins the experience with Air Canada who could care less about customer experience.
  My flight was from Istanbul to karachi via Doha from Sabiha Gokcen airport Istanbul, we were two families total of 7 persons, while checking in for the boarding we had some issue with some missing documentation of my sister in law, this review is specifically for the staff of Qatar Airways boarding counter specially Mr Nazim who helped us and guided us through out to full fill the requirements. My whole family is really thankful to him for helping us out. Thank you Mr Nazim, keep up the good work! All the best.
  Doha-Bangkok 29 Dec. 2022 on a B777-300ER. Flight on time upon two aircraft type changes. Smooth cooperation with their new partner Rwandair by whom I arrived with in Doha early morning coming from Kigali. The Platinum lounge that I chose in Doha, appears to be the “flagship” among three newer frequent flyer lounges in Doha for Oneworld silver, gold, and platinum card holders. It had a la carte dining, champagne, showers, tarmac view, sleeping areas. Seat prebooked provided and automatically changed to fit into new aircraft type. Due to New Year, flight was full, likely overbooked despite changed to larger aircraft in last Minute. Seat-block or upgrade was not possible. I was respected as frequent flier and given exit row without charges. Dinner details were announced on their homepage already 2-3 weeks prior to flight, what an impressive effort (“Preview Onboard Menu”); they provided 3 options, all found available. I chose Teriyaki chicken and later beef ragout with mashed potatoes, all good. I prefer this proper dinner and do not mind they skipped breakfast. A Spanish cava sparkling wine was offered as one of 3 wines onboard; beers industrial and watery: only Stella Artois and Budwiser. Food concept always with narrow options and slim concepts over the last 15 years. Conservative airline, lacks life, colours, and innovation, though quite predictable and faultless. FAs well-rested, groomed, but deprived of charm. IFE was good with individual quality monitors; quality headsets were provided to all; likewise blankets, pillows, and amenity kits. Aircraft and toilets were well kept. Despite I had a complex booking issued by an online travel agent, it was easy to handle and detail on airline’s homepage. Miles were credited separately to the different airlines' (QR and WB) frequent flier programs without issues. I did not see my luggage in Bangkok: it was transferred smoothly the entire route from Africa to Saigon. This, even it was partly mislabeled at its inscribed origin in Kigali to final destination in SE-Asia with Vietnam Airlines who is in the competing Skyteam alliance. Impressive work by QR who, together with the airport in Bangkok, saved the mistake done by Rwandair in Kigali. I very rarely have had any luggage issues with QR, maybe in 2 flights of 100 – and in these rare cases, they have done their best to assist me. 
  We purchased our package in March of 2022, scheduled for November 2022. There were three changes to our flight. The first was in August 2022. They stated the flight number and time was changed. We agreed to the changes. The next change was September 2022, they stated the flight numbers changed again. The last change was right before we left in October 2022. This time they changed our plane. When we originally chose our flight and seats we knew what the aircraft was. When they changed the plane, we did not. We called and spoke with several agents who were not helpful at all. Once I was able to get someone, they could not tell me the name of the updated aircraft. They just kept saying you have extra leg room seats. From all of the aircrafts I saw, there was no way the seat number I originally paid for on this new plane was extra leg room seats and I was right. When we got to our layover city, I was told that the plane was full and my seats were no longer available. They couldn't upgrade me or give me my money back.  I paid for these seats and I was not upgraded and I had to reach out to after I got home to request a refund. We went on the flight got there and had an awesome time in Maldives. However, coming back was the same, they put two planes that were not full together again and our seats were not available and we had to ride back with no extra leg room on a 12 hour flight. I have filed a report with Qatar requesting my money back on 20th November.  I send email after email, call after call and no help. 
  Flights and service were good as usual, with a high standard and service and catering. What is getting really bad is Doha airport. I departed from the dreaded bus gate area downstairs. It seems this becomes the norm now, since almost all my flights this year were bus transfers. It becomes more and more chaotic, but todays experience was really really bad. It was utter chaos with unorganized lines, frustrated and rude gate agents.  The shortage of buses added to the chaos. With this, Doha is miles away from becoming a world class airport.
 Quite good airline. However they sometimes miss-schedule the flights due to very heavy traffic in their own HQ airport - Hamad. Be careful if you have a short transiting time. The aircraft are normally big and well equipped. Inflight entertainment are also very good. Check-in times are fast and easy, you can check-in very early at HIA with Qatar airways. However the prices are expensive
 It took 45 minutes from the plane stopping to get to the terminal.  Then a long chaotic security line. Not impressed at all. Almost missed our connecting flight. 
  Absolutely horrendous experience. The plane experienced a technical fault and our 0135 flight was cancelled. No fault with Qatar Airways, I realise this wasn’t their fault. However the subsequent quality of service was abysmal. Total pandemonium at the gate where having spent 2 hours on the plane with zero communication, we then queued at the gate for 5 hours and it was an absolute frenzy. Some people got their tickets changed, others told to go away. Most were told to go to the hotel and just wait for an update. By the time we left it was 8.35 am. Again no communication, no idea where they’re going and no one told us. 
 This is simply the best - from beginning to the end. The cabin is great with very spacious seats/beds. Extremely comfortable seats that turn into great beds that are made up by very helpful cabin personnel. The food was great and so was the selection. Especially the choices for breakfast were amazing. The restroom was spacious and very delicate. Service; as always on Qatar, excellent in all ways; smiling, correct and attentive. I don´t think there is anything better out there. Whether it is worth the price is a subjective thing. It was simply great.
 Great trip as always with Qatar. Seats are very comfortable, fully declining and easy to adjust. The seating arrangements are excellent offering both privacy or easy communication with your neighbour if not traveling alone. Great food, good selection - amazing how they manage. Crew, again as always, very attentive and smiling through the flight. You may argue that the boarding in Doha was a but chaotic (bus transport to plane) but we all got on board without any hassle. Luggage pick up in Oslo somewhat of a disaster (long waiting) but that is due to no fault of the airline. Highly recommended.
 From booking to landing, everything was smooth, easy, and convenient. The crew, whether on the ground or in the air were absolutely lovely and the offers of food, beverages and entertainment were stellar. The service was personalized and the air hostess would continually check in. The cabin was clean and the crew ensured the toilets were regularly checked. I have never been more comfortable on a 14 hour flight.
  Seat 40K, window seat without a window, so off to a bad start. Cabin service was inconsistent and was twice ignored drinks service despite the rows ahead getting 2 drinks services. Crew not attentive; grumpy and rude. Booked as an overall British Airways ticket and QR didn't come close to expectations.
  Very disappointed and unsatisfied with my experience. The plane was old and the amenities were outdated. The seats were ok but somewhat uncomfortable. My food was horrible, I was provided beef with mashed potatoes. The meat was very chewy, cold and the sauce was weird. The desert provided was nothing special. Breakfast was more of a lunch, had the choice of chicken or noodles, my noodles were cold and dry, the desert was a strawberry yogourt. The eye covers were really uncomfortable. The airline advertised free 1Hr onboard wifi but the wifi was not functional at all past the welcoming page.
 Lousy lounge in CPT International. Small, cramped and badly aired. Fortunately the booked Q Suite was provided on the return flight which is really superb. Cabin Crew were also on the ball and provided 1st Class Service. Catering was however a disaster. There was only one starter available and it was inedible: “Creamy Quinoa and Edamame Salad”. Completely tasteless! For the mains 2 Chicken Dishes were on offer. (So much for variety!). I chose the Creamy Chicken Roulade with a bizarre over sweet filling which was really quite horrible. Failed experimental recipe!
  I booked for the first time economy with Qatar Airways, knowing its a relatively short flight (5:40 min flight). I usually fly business class on longer distance flights with Qatar airways. Quality of service was impeccable and friendliness of staff as well. Same goes for cleanliness of cabin interior and toilet. I took about 10 flights this year with different airlines and Qatar Airways clearly stands out in quality, at check-in as in flight experience.
  Overall excellent service and experience. Planes were clean, food was savoury, staff was very courteous, flights were on schedule. Highly recommend to anyone who wants an amazing experience, definitely the best airline IMHO.
  The flight operations and service on board were very good and we were overall happy with that. The food was great and the flight crew very polite and friendly. The transit in Doha was generally ok, but the flight information was somewhat misleading (several flight numbers pointing to the sams flight, no information that the flight stops on route to a different final destination). Flight entertainment was ok, but the touchpads of the Oryx One systems were not working smoothly, in the B787 it was ok, but in the 737 it was barely usable, very disappointed by that. We were very disappointed by the Qatar Airways website and mobile app. How is it possible that a world class airline cannot set up properly maintained online services? The homepage and app crashed several times, didn't accept our discount vouchers that are available to new customers. The chat support is also very poor, as it took us over 1 hour to discuss a simple change of our booking. In general customer service is bad. Our bag was broken upon arrival and we couldn't even find a complaint form on the website, or some E-Mail address.
  The flight to Singapore was okay at best, seats are close to each other. Food was good. In the flight back from Singapore we entered the aircraft on time, then we were informed that there are technical problems so we should leave the plane again. Afterwards we had to sit at the airport gate for four hours (still counting), no information were given to us, no water. The Singapore ground staff was not professional at all, they promised information that never came.
  SIN to DOH on a Boeing 777. Older aircraft but very spacious and comfortable. Ordered Gluten Free Meal. Very delicious. Toilets and cleaned regularly Flight crew was fantastic. As for inflight entertainment, my favourite channel was the flight map. Although I prefer they cut the special effects and advertising and just show a plain and simple flight map. Loved their window seat at Economy. If you want to be first to enter the plane, make sure you sit at Zone 1. DOH to FRA on a B787. First thing I noticed was that the seat pitch was very narrow. Especially when the person in front leans their seat back. I feel very claustophobic. I will choose a B777 next time. I wanted to change my meal option from GFML to no special meal but the IOS app did not work. Even Android app and the website did not reflect the change I tried to make.  I was looking for ways to contact Qatar Airways about the error on their app but I can't find any form or email to report the error. My second Gluten Free Meal was a hard piece of bread, vegetarian meals are not healthy because they contain carbohydrates. 
 Unfortunately, I cannot recommend Qatar Airways. Flight canceled (happens often, Economics reasons), very late notification. Then lounge in Doha got canceled without noticing me (even though it was open). And then with a 7 hour delay in Doha QA was unable to offer an alternative which I would have paid for. Because I'm not a Silver Member? Disgusting. No Qatar for business trips if you want to meet deadlines. Bad.
  A direct flight to SIN would be easier, but we love Qatar Airways (QA). However, on both legs they let us down.  On the 1st leg various dishes and beverages were not available. Service for a couple in the middle seats is bothersome. The staff does not manage to serve the both of us at the same time, despite our request. We have made a lot of flights with QA over the last years and this is most of the time an issue. Staff was not very attentive.  On the 2nd leg it was much much better. However they conducted an aircraft change without assigning seats or give the opportunity to select seats. Staff and service was the expected level: attentive and nice. One notices clearly they are cutting costs and that influences the 5 star experience. The great staff compensates. The transfer was smooth: a wonderful lounge, a good shower. Also important: QA flies ‘on time’. That said: we will certainly fly QA again.
  Aircraft unrefurbished. Tired and boring. Cabin crew excellent and service minded as always. But they forgot to load pj's for Business class.
  This was my first time taking the midnight departure from Doha to the USA. Qatar Airways Qsuites are very good but the WI-FI is not good. Over seven flights I have taken since July the menu had been repeated which is shocking. The entertainment was very good and the pajamas commemorating the World Cup are quite unique I plan on saving them. The flight attendants were superb.
  Miami to Male via Doha. The flight to Male was nice and we received good service. However, on our return flight from Doha to Miami we paid a little extra to chose our seats and ended up sitting next to a man who was more than 2 meters tall in a group of three seats. My wife ended up moving to a row of 4 seats with only one other passenger. My wife hit the flight attendant call button twice and was never checked on. We were only offered water twice outside of meals despite constant video reminders to "Stay hydrated." We ended up loitering in the galley chugging fluids, mostly water. At Doha before entering the gate, there was an additional security checkpoint where we were forced to dump two liters of water and there were no fountains or water refill stations before boarding. 
  Absolutely wonderful experience on all 3 flights with Qatar (Doha to Melbourne October 21 and Sydney-Doha-Montreal October 30/31) (4th was a code share with Air Canada. Amazing service pre-flight (both calls ahead of flight answered within 4 rings by a real person), on the ground and in the air. Seats were comfortable (enough so that on my return, and after 40+ years of regular flights to Asia and Africa I slept for the first time, and in each case for a long time). Had a window seat on the exit row each time, as pre-booked. Food was delicious - vegetarian or chicken choices were delicious, filling and fresh - unlike other airlines' meals, I did not feel heavy or greasy after the meal. I felt better rested and relaxed than I do when I fly to Australia from Toronto via the west coast (Vancouver, LA or Houston stops). Simply can't say enough great things about Qatar!
 We still had a voucher from our return flight during covid from Brussels to Colombo. We wanted to book a new flight but the voucher was valid until 2 days before we wanted to book a new flight. We've contacted Qatar and someone told us we would still be able to use this voucher but she had to check and we'd hear from Qatar within two days. We never heard from them again. We've called 10 times but nobody really helped us and everyone said something different. In the end we got an email address from the Qatar refund team but we've mailed already 3 times without a reply and one email was a fake one. We've always loved to fly with Qatar but this is terrible terrible customer service. And it seems we've now lost our 680 euros worth of flying.
 The work of the land crew during the check-in and customer support service is a total disaster. Very unprofessional approach and communications, they create rules on the way, they mess with documents, and they mess with your payment and reservation (for business class!) and then they struggle to resolve it. In the end, it costs you time, it costs you money and what is more important it costs you your emotional comfort and health. What is even sadder they don't care about it at all. I submitted my complaint right after the unfortunate choice of using their services and never heard back from them (it's been 5 months). Fait to admit the cabin service was decent but by the end, it just wasn't worth it. Please save your money and dignity, chose someone else, literally anyone would do better.
 The journey started on a rather bad note as the Air Canada Maple contract lounge is already closed for the evening FRA to DOH flight. So there will be no lounge access for the evening Qatar flight; something unheard of. When I approached the staff at the gate, they told me that they were not aware that the lounge closes at 16.45. Flight itself uneventful, with good service and catering, unfortunately no Qsuite. Arrival in Doha as almost always via a long bus transfer. Al Safa lounge as always impeccable. Flight to Bangkok in Qsuite, with again good service and catering. This time equipped with Qsuites.
  FRA-DOH-SIN return. My first time onboard the "best airline“ and I wasn’t disappointed. Qatar offers a high level of service and comfort from beginning to the end oft the journey. I was concerned about the chaotic situation at European airports this summer, but check-in and security at Frankfurt were fast and efficient. Transfer at Doha Hamad was very good too. QR’s onboard product is amazing with a professional crew, comfortable seats, good IFE and delicious meals. However meal service was a bit inconsistent: a welcome drink was only offered during the FRA-DOH flight, while only during the SIN-DOH flight there was no coffee service after the meal. And I want to mention that there is a difference between the aircraft types 777-300ER and A350-900. I definitely prefer the A350 because seats are wider, IFE has more content, the inflight map and the ambience / design is better. Overall a very good experience for a low price.
  Excellent flight, very happy with the service we received right check in till disembarkation including the transit transportation in Doha. We had the shortest transit of 20 minutes. Special mention and thanks to Mr Tushar, Steward on QR028. He is the most efficient and kindest inflight staff we have ever met
  Wonderful flight staff, so helpful and caring, looked after all my need during the flight to Doha and Bangkok from Edinburgh, very clean and comfortable plane. Food amazing, high quality service, excellent entertainment on board and spoiled for choice. Lounge areas at all stops again excellent, staff amazing, food menu very high standard. Qatar Airways basically organise everything I could need and ensuring I had a wonderful flight.
  Enjoyed flying with Qatar Airways. Most of the time the staff was excellent. Special mention for Miguel, he took care of us on QR274 on 22 October. This guy goes above and beyond. If you're lucky to have him taking care of your row, you're guaranteed a good flight. Also, Hyeon Jin on QR 273 on 28 October was very very hospitable. So much potential in this girl. Seats on the QSuite were very comfortable. Staff are lovely. All in all, a pretty good way to get from point A to point B. I do have 2 small issues with Qatar Airways, they seem to have a tendency for last minute equipment change (meaning you might have booked a QSuite flight only to be told later you're getting an older aircraft). But this could be deal breaker for us, they seem to have an inclination to 'take you out' of your chosen seat and place you in a less desirable seat (at least less desirable for you). This even happened after the boarding pass was issued. This has happened to us twice in 3 months, really hope it doesn't happen again.
  Dallas Ft Worth to Colombo return via Doha Another very pleasant flying experience with my favorite airline. Basic economy ticket. Great cabin crew, food was great well presented and most importantly something you can eat. Cabin crew attention to safety was fantastic. Rest rooms were well maintained. When I visited the galley to get a drink it was well maintained. 
  There was an aircraft change and they separated three in our family into three different sections. The seating was a 2-2-2 configuration instead of a 1-2-1. The USB ports were out of order and The TVs in the middle from rows 5 to 7 did not work. My seat adjustment keys were worn out and erratic and the TV screen was non-touch screens or did not work.  I do not know why they used such an old aircraft with many controls not working for a day flight of 13 hours. The lounge in Doha was exceptional both during outward and inward journeys. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. They have shown excellent professionalism. One silver lining is the crew aboard the aircraft was par excellence. They did a fantastic job as usual.
  Superb airline with superb air hostesses, Can’t do enough and attend to every need, with quality service. On board meals and entertainment were great also. Just need to sort security times at Doha
  Staff could not board me on at Montreal due to an issue with my passport and it took forever to clear that. Boeing 777 was not in great shape and was quite old. Washrooms were not in order from the get go and my food was horrible and was not sufficient.  The infotainment system on this 777 was not great.  The only positive thing was the Customer Service, which was pretty good and also the Doha airport is really nice. I am heading back to Vancouver soon and lets see how that flight goes.
  On 26 OCT flight Kuala Lumpur to Doha in codeshare and operated by Malaysia Airlines was delayed 1,5 hrs due to technical problems. Today's experience at Doha is the complete absence of professionalism. There should be people waiting for the passengers at the arrival gate, separating the ones with short or missed connection in groups divided by final destination and guiding them to the proper channel to rebook their flight. In today’s experience people were left alone in desperate search of the (now closed) connection gate and they were finally reaching the transfer desk. Here I spent Hours waiting in line in front of the eyes of staff who were bouncing people from 1 operator to the other, never taking any action. The decisions on who to serve and attend were based on who is angrier and shouting the loudest. Some people have been rebooked on the next day flight when there was another one after only 6 hours. At their further inquiring why they couldn’t board on the earlier flight they have been answered with a sorry and invited to line up again to get a 3rd boarding pass printed. 
  The food they provide for a long haul flight is insufficient and the quality of my food was appalling. The scrambled egg was a solid chewy rock with no flavour. The second meal was a cold sausage roll stuffed with chicken which was not appetising. Wifi on outbound didn’t work at all. The super fast Wi-Fi which I paid for in the return did not work for more then half the journey. I paid £150 for exit row seats I got a worse seat than the non exit row. Nowhere to put your belongings, you have to hold the blanket and pillow on your lap for take off and landing. Seat 23a has the door blocking your legroom so you need to sit at an angle to get any leg room. Our outbound flight was an hour delayed and we weren’t communicated with much. There were very few toilets available and there was a queue which was in our exit row legroom. 
  No words to appreciate e-Customer support, cabin comfort, meals served, cabin crew positive attitude. Latest aircraft and On-time performance. I got upgraded to Business from Doha without any request which was a surprise for me so I remain happy and grateful to Qatar. 
  Amazing airline overall. Inflight service and very friendly staff is all you need during your flight. Arriving experience to the very well organised airport not waiting for your luggage was the brilliant way to end my journey. Thank you Qatar Airways.
  We flew in Business Class from Zurich via Doha to Cebu on October 18. On both flights the service was excellent and the crew were very friendly and professional. The food has improved from previous flights. The flight from Zurich to Doha used an outdated aircraft from CX that did not meet QR standards. The light above the seat did not work and the information system was outdated. Boarding in Doha was once again chaotic. Business class passengers were not well informed and called while economy passengers were boarding. The bottle neck at the gate prevented this and no one of the gate staff took action. We were crammed into a bus with the rest of the passengers.
  This is our second time flying with Qatar Airways. We flew LAX to DOH, stayed a few days and then onto CAI and back. From check in to in flight Qatar Airways makes it a truly wonderful experience. The check in at LAX was quick and friendly and don't even get me started on the experience of checking in at DOH; offered beverages, sit down and very attentive and friendly. The lounges are so relaxing, good food, drinks, the lounge at DOH has "hotel" rooms in it you can sleep in for a few hours. Service is top notch. Now for the flight. Warm greeting and welcome, Q Suites there are no words just comfortable, easy to sleep well in (I slept 10 hours). The amenity kit bags were colored for Breast Cancer awareness and the PJs for World Cup, awesome. The food was delicious as usual, flavorful, many choices, served at a good temperature and displayed nicely. They do have a new added light meal menu for world cup and it's like tailgate food; chips and guaq, potato ball, fish and chips, hamburger. I loved the idea, so fun and the execution was great. I hope they keep some of the items even after WC. World class experience that makes you look forward to flying for 16 hours!
  The crew on both routes ZRH to DOH and DOH to Cebu were very friendly, helpful and fulfilled every wish. Thank you. Qatar Airways used leased aircraft from Cathay Pacific on the flight from Zurich to Doha that was not up to the usual Qatar Airways standard. It was rather an old aircraft. The seat light did not work and the flight itinerary on the information system was outdated and showed little info.
  Boarding in Doha was chaotic, the messages by the gate staff were unintelligible.  Business Class passengers were invited to board first but the bottle neck at the gate prevented this and no one of the gate staff took action to allow priority passengers to board first. There had been an  equipment change and the booked QSuite was not supplied. Instead we were seated in their old 2-2-2 configuration with dated an uncomfortable seats. I don't really understand why QR still have this outdated product in service. Cabin Crew was excellent but my food was not very good at all. The Chicken Burger was tasteless and the fries that came with it were soggy. WiFi was not available. I expect a lot more froma 5 star airline.
 Mumbai to Budapest via Doha. Seeing Qatar Airways consistently wins awards I was eager to experience it after a 4 year absence. Unfortunately the experience fell short of my expectations. The in-flight entertainment was not available on the Doha to Budapest flight. The captain apologised for it and explained it was a technical problem. The vegetarian option was a frittata from Mumbai to Doha and it was OK (I award the meal 6 out of 10) but the white wine served was warm hence ruining it!! On the Doha to Budapest the food was very bland (4 out of 10). It was carrots and cauliflower in a milky sauce and what was surely a negligible amount of cheese of it was in fact present in the dish at all. It tasted exactly like boiled carrots and cauliflower. There were three trolleys in the back side of the plane hence going in and out if the lavatories was a challenge. Upon arrival at Doha Airport it took a full 20 minutes to open the plane doors. This is probably because we arrived in the morning but an airport that claims to be the world's best airport should get its act together on this front. The business class passengers who were only 5 or 6 passengers disembarked first hence prolonging the wait for those in economy by another 5 to 6 minutes. Despite that the flight was full disembarkation was via one door only (the front door). The bus taking us to the terminal was EXTREMELY cold. It was only 16 Degrees Celsius in Doha on that morning and the air conditioners were on full blast reducing the temperature inside the bus to 8 or 9 degrees Celsius. Because the size of busses for economy and business passengers are the same there was a traffic jam and the relatively short journey from the plane to the terminals in the freezing bus took 10 - 12 minutes. It feels like Qatar Airways treats its economy passengers as numbers on the accounting sheets else one would expect someone at Qatar Airways to at least instruct the bus drivers to switch off these dreadful air conditioners when it is cold outside.
  I opted to have food at the Al Mourjan lounge before boarding, and to avoid it on the flight. This allowed me to enjoy the benefit of a good sleep, in the relative comfort of a business class flat bed. I opted for the last minute "on the go breakfast" before landing in Bangkok, proving the same inadequate level of F&B which I now associate with Qatar Airways: 3 or 4 pieces of fruit, a compote of yoghurt with some sugared jam, and a croissant. Harmless enough. Staff as always, very pleasant and willing to help at every opportunity, when required.
  This was the return journey first leg. Inflight staff seemed better organised, but rather than risk a re-run of the chaotic F&B service on the inbound journey, I opted to sleep as soon as we had taken off, and not be disturbed for any F&B until or unless I decided I wanted it. This proved to be the correct strategy. I slept for the first 2 hours and then after waking, ordered the "pulled beef" burger, which was tolerable. Staff as always were friendly, and extremely eager to please. They expressed the desired level of concern at the abysmal check-in at Madrid operated by Iberia. Having checked-in online, but gone to the Business Class check-in desk the check in clerk questioned Thailand residency (my final destination) proof, (not required, but which I had in my passport, which he then disputed, until I explained it line by line). He then added luggage tags to 2 bags under my companion's name only, and omitted to put on priority tags. Qatar need to seriously monitor the service they are contracting to Iberia.
  Excellent service by a friendly service minded cabin crew. Old plane upgraded with Qsuites. Still hard uncomfortable seats but nice with the privacy. Light meal after take-off but when ordering the burgers were already "sold out". Left with soggy fish and chips that went back to the galley.
  Excellent once onboard. Nice friendly service, on the mark. The salmon was very overdone and dry.  Lounge review separately, Menzies Executive Lounge that is awful.
  The first leg was in First on a gorgeous A380, with impeccable service and great food and drinks. Stay at the Al Safah lounge In Doha was great as always. My connecting flight to FRA was at 1 pm, a very quiet time at Doha airport. Despite almost all gates unoccupied, the flight departed from a remote location by bus. It was the usual long wait and chaos at the bus gates, with a hot bus, and overheated plane with cannot cope with open doors on the tarmac. Service and food was ok, but there is no more sandwich service in business class before arrival on this 6h flight. I was offered potato chips or muesli bars, which I declined. I had a seat in row one, and was unable to sleep due to the loud chit chatting of the staff in the galley. Overall, what Qatar is struggling with is consistency on the ground and in the air.
  Rome was less than expected in terms of customer service. This made our trip quite frustrating. Qatar airways staff and the airport in Hamad made up for this. I recommend flying Qatar Airways. The hostesses were professional and friendly. They treated us like royalty and made sure we were comfortable. Highly recommended.
  This was my first flight with Qatar and it was the trip of a lifetime. I upgraded from Economy for a leg of the journey and from the very first minute the red carpet rolled out, the whole check-in and boarding process was done quickly, with ease and the attendants were all super friendly and very helpful. The seats were luxurious, supremely comfortable and made for a totally relaxed flight. The meals provided were the best I have ever had on any airline, truly 5 star cuisine, plenty of options and beautifully presented. I was delighted with the quality, service and price. Having travelled the globe on many different airlines, I cannot recommend Qatar highly enough, they truly are the World's Best Airline and will be my airline of choice from now on. Thankyou Qatar Airways for such a wonderful travelling experience.
  Both sectors of this flight had Qsuites. Which added to the attentive service by the staff (nothing is too much trouble) plus the quality & availability of the food + drinks are the reason why Qatar Airways business class is the best in the sky. Check-in and boarding is supper efficient for business class passengers, offers of welcome drinks / food options / pyjamas etc from pleasant staff make it a pleasure to fly this airline. There is a reason why Qatar Airways is consistently voted the best in the world and I wish I could afford to fly premium class all the time as it really is worth the extra cost.
  Qatar Airways have promised me a refund but have failed to make the refund. They refuse to answer emails and hang up when I phone them
 First time travelling on Qatar in nearly 4 years because of the pandemic. Check-in in BKK a breeze, and certainly not the 3 hours suggested by the airline, especially after online check-in. But onboard service a major disappointment. Meal service was haphazard and chaotic. Was the last to be asked for my first course order, despite being in the middle of the cabin, and they had run out. I opted to forgo it. Instead they provided an ad hoc 1 prawn dish with a slice or two of avocado. The next course took nearly 1 hour to arrive, and I took one look at it when it did, and just ordered a cheese plate instead, finished it and went to sleep. No mattress service on this sector, despite it being night time. My travelling companion on the other side received an equally strange service level. I received my drink order of a glass of champagne, and he received his 40 minutes later. Dinner, such as it was, was completely uncoordinated. However good on paper, the a la carte dining concept does not work, and my suggestion is it should be abolished. The staff were very apologetic and, but seemed very inexperienced. That, and the quality of the food has disappeared since I last travelled and fell in love with Qatar Airways. Overall the staff were trying to solve the problems, but they seemed unable to manage what should be their normal operation. 
 Immediately changed into provided "PJs", and after take off, had the mattress applied to the seat, and went to sleep. Had pre-ordered breakfast prior to arrival, which I was advised would be about 2 hours before decent. Slept well, and awoke about 4 hours later. Was immediately offered breakfast, and assumed it was at the agreed time. A fruit platter with yoghurt and juice was produced. Having taken that, I realised it was 2 hours too early, and I should have slept until the hour before arrival. Cabin staff the usual friendly people, but the quality of food and miserly portion, made me think it would have been best to skip the F&B service, and sleep until descent, for the early (8 am) arrival in Madrid. Like all airlines, Qatar has suffered from the ill-effects of the pandemic, so they are cutting services, but not prices. Hugely disappointed, but hope they can return to the airline I much loved pre-pandemic.
  Good experience overall. Food is good, service and comfort is good. The aircraft was clean, on time and they have very pretty containers for child meal, which we kept as gifts. I liked the DOHA airport as well. I used the onboard wifi on my way back. It was decent. I The speed was on a lower side but I wasn't trying to stream anything. The options in the movie selection were good. What i would recommend is to have better "Flight Map" options. Like some other airlines provide option to change view of what you see in flight map. Also the repeated commercial pages in flight map were annoying. Please leave that experience without ads. 
 After a 36 hour journey, I arrived at LAX to find that the flight showing confirmed on the Qatar app had no record of my booking. I spent 30 minutes on the phone with Qatar trying to get on the flight. Qatar told me I'd have to stay in LA for 4 days. While we were talking, the flight closed. I ended up paying cash for a ticket home on United. I have another flight with them in 4 weeks. A similar nightmare is unfolding. Rebook for a lower class of service, give up my premium seat on a 38 hour flight or pay cash for my own ticket from Reno to LAX that I already paid Qatar for. Be prepared to be stranded. Make sure you have enough cash to buy an alternative ticket home!
 Myself and my wife are Qatar Airways users for the past 10 years. The recent visit the cost was almost 3 times but it was not a big concern for us if not for the food that was served. The food was excellent a few years back but a disappointment this time. My salad was  not up to the mark at all. 
 Doha to Montreal. Exceptional service provided right from boarding to disembarking. The Q-Suite is a must try experience with delectable cuisine and attentive service from wonderful cabin crew. A special thank you to them on this flight!
  It’s always amazing experience flying with Qatar Airways especially a long haul flight. Very comfortable and one of the top notch are the cabin cres services and very attentive. Seat are very comfortable Q-suites. Lots of privacy.
  I have done the web-check in well before the travel and seats were also booked. While transiting through Doha, last minute ground staff said my seats were given to someone else and given me the last seat. I am very disappointed with this service and never expected Qatar airways to break their promise by providing this service.
 I flew a service from Islamabad to Gatwick (London) via Doha. It was a night departure from Islamabad. The Ground staff were very nice and helpful. Check-in was a smooth process, I had exceeded the baggage allowance by a small margin. No fuss created. Flight lifted off on time. The A330 is a bit outdated but good enough for the 3 hr flight to Doha. Arrival was on-time and we were off into HIA’s Main Concourse. Transit was smooth. I did some shopping from QDF and had dinner from Burgerie (Food Court - South) HIA is normally busy in the early mornings due to most long-haul flights being scheduled around the same time (US/UK/EU/China/South Korea/AUS/NZ) But it didn’t cause any problems apart from extra waiting times at the Food court. As soon as I was done I came to see the “Final Call” 40 mins before departure for QR329 to London. Which meant I had to hurry up. As soon as I got to the Gate they called Zone 1 and I was first to board. I got comfortable in my seat. Pushback for this flight was on time. However the passenger next to me was quite disturbing in the flight. She persistently kept a sleeping angle which directly meant less space for me which was very uncomfortable on the night flight. I did not take any meals on this flight as I was full. Although I did hydrate myself regularly. After a couple of shows and a few hours of sleep we started descent into Gatwick and we landed at around 0630AM. De boarding was efficient and we were clear of all arrival procedures within 15 min and I was on my way on the 166 mile drive home. I won’t be using Gatwick again because of its location. And the disturbing passenger had no effect on the excellent hospitality of Qatar Airways. I hope to fly them soon again.
  The online wi-fi and entertainment system is limited and old (many airlines offer a wifi service which includes free wifi, live TV, numerous movies and series allowing you to watch them on your own device instead of outdated seat screens). The choice of food is very limited and the menu revolves around south asian food. I believe the menu should be more diversified and neutral. passengers should not waste 10 mins of their time watching  advertisement after take-off and before each movie/series. The cabin was clean. The cabin crew was professional. The overall experience is not bad but far from the best in the World. 
 New York to Kilimanjaro via Doha. Qatar cancelled one of our legs and rebooked us on a similar American Airlines flight. We had previously purchased upgraded seats on the Qatar leg of the flight, and despite their cancellation, nobody at Qatar customer service has refunded us. I've called multiple times and emailed customer service 3 weeks ago with no response. 
  I flew from Toronto to Montreal to catch the Qatar Airway flight to Doha. In Toronto I was told that the boarding pass will be given in Montreal. When we arrived in Montreal there was no one to receive us at the gate and we were stopped at the gate that goes to the international boarding. After much discussing with security they opened the door to let us in to the departure check in counters. Qatar Airways staff were not aware that passengers from Toronto were stranded, but they check us in quickly and we went for boarding. The flight to Doha service was terrible, the food was very poor and we were served the second meal 8hrs after our first meal, with no snack between. The next flight to Goa was the same type of service. On the return flight though from Goa to Montreal was much better. service was better.
  I was very impressed with every aspect of my flights and I will fly again on Qatar, rather than my usual airline out of Australia. The service, food ,cleanliness and aircraft were excellent. The QSuites were luxurious and so comfortable for sleeping. I am a solo flyer, and not so young any more. I felt safe and cared for the entire trip. I also used the Al Maha transit assistance which was brilliant.
 Doha to Jakarta. I don’t understand why in Doha the airplanes have to be parked so far away from the terminal. The communication of the ground staff with the bus drivers was not efficient and clear. Extremely friendly crew, very attentive to Privilege customer and very helpful with a fragile piece of luggage.
  Great service at the Business/Privilege check-in counter and very helpful with fragile item. Boarding started 10min. late, reason unknown. Crew very helpful and friendly again.
  Overall very well managed flight with friendly staff. There was a medical incident (passenger lost consciousness and was administered oxygen), which the crew managed well. It doesn’t need 3 crew members to assist someone in that state (I’m saying this as a first responder myself).
  The service on Qatar Airways is excellent. I have flown with them several times and they have never let me down. They are consistent in maintaining high quality standards. Their cabin crew are the best. They treat all passengers with polite humility and they make you feel welcome on their aircraft. The aircraft itself is very comfortable and clean. They really deserve their award as best airline. I look forward to flying with them again.
 We've traveled from Johannesburg to Istanbul in April 2022 and again from Johannesburg to Bangkok in May 2022. In both occasions we purchased pre paid seats. We have a specific place where we sit on the plane. Both cases we purchase business class seats. When we checked-in, in Johannesburg OR Thambo we were informed that our purchased seats were no longer available. This happened on both our flights, for Istanbul and Bangkok. We informed Qatar Airways about our disappointment and find it unacceptable to pay for seats and don't get. They said that they would refund us for the seats that we did not receive. We informed them in May, when we were back in the country. It has been 6 months now and still haven't received our refund. I tried several times calling Doha headquarters, but no one can help me. They keep saying I should contact Customer Support. Then I got a reply in 28 August 2022 and said that I should re-do the online account application, which I did the same day. I informed Customer Care that I did the application again, but since the I haven't received anything from Qatar Customer Care Service. I called Qatar Headquarters again in Doha, but yet again they can't help me. Just said I should send an email to tell us at Qatar Airways. For a 5 Star Airline they have the worst Customer Service. They are fast to sell you their product but they have no after service. They trick you to pay for seats, but in the end you do not get it.
  London to Melbourne via Doha, our flight was late leaving London and as a consequence missed our connecting flight. 2hr time layover, Qatar did not hold the flight for us. As a consequence we were stuck in Doha airport for 20 hours and then had a 15 hr economy flight. They made us wait 4-5 hours for a hotel. I will never fly with them again.
  Excellent is word when it come to fly for 15 hr journey from Doha to Miami. Jolina was there on the flight and she really took good care of me as i was on my veg diet. She make sure i am having my special meal on time and if i need anything else she was happy to help me with the smile.
  Ground Staff at Heathrow were very efficient. 10 min Check-in process with COVID-19 documents checked within the line so you are ready when at the actual counter. Boarding process was also very smooth. Even though Heathrow's facilities do not facilitate a smooth boarding process. The flight took off on time, Seats were very comfortable and massive amounts of legroom. The IFE's screens were responsive and easy to use - Meals were a lot better thanks to the new Qcuisine services (I flew Emirates the week before and it was a lot worse). Landed in Doha on-time where I took the opportunity of grabbing myself a dinner and shopping from Qatar Duty Free, (10% off for QTR customers) - The flight to Islamabad was also boarded on time, not as smooth but that is more to be blamed on fellow passengers who do not listen to instructions or even try following them. The flight was quite short. About 2 hours on a new 777. I was sleeping most of the time. Upon arrival in Pakistan the Ground Staff were also quite helpful (Not Pakistani, the Qatari staff) assisting to all passenger concerns in baggage claim. I will be flying Qatar again next week to Gatwick via Doha - Qatar has always been excellent in the 50+ flights I have taken with them. Never fail to impress me. Thanks to Qatar Airways. And all cabin staff on QR4 (04/09) & QR614 (05/09)
  I am a Platinum Member of QMiles and Emerald on the One World Alliance and have flown a lot on Qatar Airways. This year their catering service has been declining steadily and they need to sort this out, on this flight they had lobster thermidor, lamb chops and a weird vegetarian option , and by the fourth row in business class they had run out of the lobster. Our aircraft was a 12 year old 777-200LR these planes were meant to serve the DOH to AKL route which I flew on back in 2017 and the proposed Doha to Santiago de Chile route which never materialized, the plane was recently refurbished with QSuites but the WI-FI was very very patchy, The cabin crew tried their best but the plane was very full and were under a lot of stress. The snacks they offered were comparable to a less than two hour flight on a a domestic US route, a bar of chocolate or a pack of chips, the catering is deteriorating.
  Check in was a breeze and then a long walk to the lounge. Once there it’s like dining in a private club, service was first rate and the cook to order menu was truly fantastic, due to the late departure I choose to eat in the lounge and sleep for most of the flight. Warm welcome on board and shown to my qsuite which I definitely prefer over their other products. Was given a welcome drink and pre ordered my breakfast with a request to be woken up 2.5 hours prior to landing. Breakfast was good but I have had better. Service is friendly and effective this is still one of the top products out there.
  Flights to BRU-DOH-BKK all well, seats, check-ins. Travel back BKK-DOH-BRU was a terrible experience BKK-DOH an A330 which was overdue its age of retirement, impossible to make my seat screen to function, small leg space. The only good thing about this flight was the served sack served before landing. And the staff is always okay on Qatar flights. The transfer in Doha 2 times transfer by bus, very unpleasant. DOH-BRU on one of the terrible Boeing 787's too many people crammed in too small spaces, uncomfortable seats, and no leg space.
  I flew on Qatar Airways on April 27th, 2022 from Seattle, USA to Doha, Qatar. After a 2 1/2 hour layover, I was to fly from Doha to my final destination of Amman. The flight from Seattle had a problem that prevented it from flying. We taxied back to the gate, and sat on the airplane for almost three hours while they fixed the problem. Finally arriving in Doha, nobody was at the gate to inform me where to go, or what to do.  I got in line for Qatar Airways customer service. Customer service didn't offer me a hotel, so I spent the night in the airport. I wasn't booked on the first flight out in the morning, but they rebooked me on a later flight. My hotel reservation was non refundable. I wrote Qatar customer service asking to be repaid for my costs. They didn't offer me any cash compensation. 
  Only my second time using Qatar, first was in 2008. It is still good, but they have places to improve. First leg was great, and ground staff very accommodating to my need for an exit seat due to my height, really appreciated that. Seats are very comfortable and recline a surprising amount. I never am able to sleep on flights but I fell asleep straight away. Loads of great movies to watch, food was good, staff excellent. My second leg was not good, but only for one reason the food/staff. I requested a specific meal due to allergies, but it was not on the list or assigned to my seat. When they came round with the trolley I told her I requested a special meal, she almost didn't understand or know what to do, she said she'd talk to someone ... 20mins went by, no one spoke to me, so I flagged someone down, she'd forgotten. Then all of a sudden 4 of then scramble around and took them a further 25mins to put half a luke warm meal together, a bread roll and two cups of fruit. The attendant either was new or had no clue what she was doing. Even when I asked for a beer she started listing every other drink until I asked 2 more times for a beer until she understood. . I am flying with Qatar in 3 weeks time, hopefully this won't happen again. It is a great airline, but still some room for improvement.
  Booked trip for honeymoon and purchased extra leg room exit seats. Our seats were switched to middle rows and not together. Qatar has no customer service, phone support says you have to talk to them at the airport, when you talk to them at the airport they say you have to talk to them at the gate, when you talk to them at the gate they say they cant help because you have to do it at the check in counter. Then they say they can only help you if you send an email complaint. I did that and 2 months later still no response. At this point just trying to get the money back from the ticket upgrades that they did not honor. 
  Todays flight they ran out of meal choice and my screen continuously glitched even after hostess reset it. They didn’t have immigration forms onboard, which caused bottle neck in the airport. Previous flights they ran out of drinks after first round and were flustered running out of food so compensated with chocolates and chip packets.
  Flew Bangkok-Doha 11 Sept. 2022 on the flagship of the skies, the A380. Check-In smooth. Lounge in Bangkok downgraded to become the 3rd party Miracle Lounge, which at a first glance appear nice but de facto is fairly useless and sterile. No bar, no soft chairs, outdoor area closed off, food is lousy, no music, no wines, no personal service nor attention. Boarding smooth and from jetbridge. Onboard, got an excellent, priority seat on upper deck which rendered a premium feeling. Got a lot of attention from FAs who recognised my gold-card status, treated me with respect, pleasure, provided options and recommendations on food and drinks, and went beyond their mandate to please me. I brought own wine-glasses to avoid drinking from plastic mugs – this is the faith of travelling economy. Wines and food was good. Its much better to depart early evenings more than after midnight as you are served proper dinner. Good IFE. Annoying safety video with Barcelona footballers has now gone on for 5 years without being replenished. Eternal charity calls on Educate a Child is inappropriate. Departure delayed 1 hour due to heavy downpour in Bangkok, causing ½ hour late arrival, which is acceptable. Luggage well-handled and arrived to final destination with their partner airline, Rwandair, without any issues. Lounge in Doha, Silverlounge, was acceptable, due to attentive staff and tarmac view. Ticket were not that expensive.
  The lie-flat seat on Business Class made for a good night's sleep. The cabin crew were prompt and attentive with service and this was consistent throughout all legs of the journey, where snacks, water and other beverages were provided in addition to meal service. The amenity kit supplied by Diptyque Paris. Alcohol and beverage selection on Business class was generous. The IFE was very up-to-date with many of the latest movies from all around the world, no lagging or dead screens. Prices were reasonable and we were glad that none of our flights were subject to unreasonable delays and all of them arrived on time. I found  Doha Airport incredibly crowded. The lounges were full during peak transit time, and then magically empty out once outgoing planes have departed. Nevertheless, still a very decent option at such a price point. Certainly can consider flying with Qatar Airways again.
 Hyderabad to Atlanta via Doha. I traveled with my 86 year old mother. Qatar Airways staff made it extremely comfortable both for my mom and me. The staff were  courteous and caring, making our travel a breeze. I felt compelled to give a high rating for the flight comfort and staff's effort to make it even better. Unfortunately, the website was not user friendly to post the review there. Flight also arrived about 20 minutes earlier than the estimated time. Take-off and landing were very smooth. This is the 3rd time I am flying with Qatar Airways. They always made my travel very comfortable. Look forward to taking another Qatar flight real soon. Good luck to them and their staff!
  Morning departure from Charles de Gaulle the plane offered QSuites, the WiFi was working but barely. The service was lower than the normal Qatar Airways high standard but my food was awful. My Salmon was clearly farmed and my lobster was raw the only edible thing was the berries. How could they get it so wrong?
 New York to Bucharest via Doha. On August 27, this year, I flew with Qatar from New York to Doha. It happened that during the flight, it was my husband's birthday, so I dared to ask a stewardess, if possible, at a certain time, to bring me two glasses of anything, so that I could wish my husband a HAPPY BIRTHDAY. The surprise was so big, both for me and for my husband, because I sent an improvised mini cake and two prosecco glasses.
 The entire trip was enjoyable. Boarding in Nigeria was hitch-free. Cabin crew attitude was excellent all through the flight. The layover at Doha, although long, was calm due to the airport aesthetics. Same can be said about the return leg of the journey. Overall, Qatar Airways is an excellent airline.
  I find Qatar Airways as pleasant as before this COVID-19 and since international travel is getting on the way of resuming its old speed still Qatar airways is fulfilling all the expectation.
  Starting from the check-in at Tunis Airport Ms Nesrine welcomed me and my family with a big smile and she was very helpful asking for the travel documents. In 3 minutes, the check-in ended after registering our 8 luggages.  In the first flight, it was very comfortable and secure, the hostess were very kind. In Doha airport, the problem where we can take a rest of 10 hours.  The second flight were perfect too with a very good service.
  Qatar Airways business class is truly a flying experience. Very good crew and the head crew Michelle and her team Ashwini Bhise were excellent. I am a frequent flyer both in Qatar and Emirates but Qatar stand out in quality of service. the Transfer desk at Doha is very professional and dedicated team.
  I would like to thank the Hamad International Airport and Hamad Medical Corporation about my medical health. I had a bleeding from varicose veins of right leg, immediately they took action and transferred me to the Hamad Medical Corporation with my sister and took care of the situation and they made sure I was stable and I could walk without pain. Thank you to all the staff at Hamad International Airport and all the doctors and nurses at Hamad Medical Corporation. Dr Abdul Jaleel Palakkunnummal Muhammed a specialist who took care of the situation.
 Vienna to Jakarta via Doha. Overall I had two very good long-haul flights with Qatar Airways. On both flights, the seats were comfortable, esp. they had enough leg space for me (175 cm tall), and both had a power socket available just below the seat. I reclined on the second flight only, and it felt like a standard, good recline angle to me. The service started a bit late on both flights well past an hour of flight. The food was rather mediocre this time, but I appreciated real cutlery and a good selection of drinks. Boarding and disembarking weren't that great because both times (actually four times) it was done with a rather crowded bus. On the second flight boarding early meant spending more time in a hot bus waiting for the remaining passengers to arrive. I haven't used an entertainment system, but I was impressed with the screen size and quality on the first flight. Sadly WiFi was available only on the second flight when I didn't really need it. I tried it because one hour of complimentary free access was advertised, but it didn't work for me. I could barely log in and after I still had no actual internet connectivity. This time I discovered that the Qatar app allows you to track the luggage, which given all the mess happening right now with lost luggage around the world was quite comforting to see that the luggage was actually loaded onto the plane. Sadly, the app is a bit quirky to use as the luggage tracking is not available straight from the booking and requires providing a booking number. Also on the second flight, my booking was not visible at all. It just disappeared.
 We got on a 4 year old Boeing 777-300 equipped with QSuites fully booked the seats are comfortable and operated properly and the WI-FI worked but Turkey does not allow WI-FI in it’s airspace so a good three hours was without internet, IFE was very good, the lamb chops were the worst I have had but the rest of the food was good. Service was barely acceptable but I will give them some slack with so many passengers but them letting children run riot in business class was unacceptable.
  Delayed just under 3 hours taking off from Heathrow with no info. Missed my connecting flight with no support from Qatar Airways. I then get to my destination and no luggage, no response to my complaint, no reaction, no apology and zero sense of urgency. An utterly appalling experience.
 Islamabad to Manchester via Doha. Once again Qatar don’t fail to amaze me. Quality service from calling privilege direct number to change flight location and date, to check-in and Crew. Excellent manners and Qsuite clean and comfortable. First time since March 2020 travelled for work with Qatar and with loyalty shown to customers in extending tier levels since covid, this demonstrates customers aren't just a number. Well done Qatar.
  No doubt named the best airlines for consecutive years. The services are excellent and the cabin crew are very well mannered and friendly. Every time I travel to Asia it’s my first airline option to choose. Business class seats are good.
  I enjoyed my flight to Nairobi on August 13 but returning to San Diego (the second leg) was disappointing. The crew for the leg from Doha to Dallas was underwhelming.  I did not get the cabin attendants name but she was inattentive and rude. I called for her via the light and each time I waited over 45 minutes and still had to get up w/ a 2 year old and go find her to get milk for him. The other guy working our side of the plane was the same. He walked by me multiple times while I had the call light on and did not acknowledge me. I do want to shout out a Qatar employee (I wish I got her name) but she was by the baggage claim in Dallas and she was so helpful. I was traveling by myself with a 2 year old and she helped to get my luggage and roll it to the re check bag area. I am so grateful for her. Also another attendant on my Nairobi to Doha leg, he was so helpful. Helped me with me bags and even had an airport attendant carry my bags and get me a ride to security. That was the service I was expecting on the Doha to Dallas leg.
  Aircraft change meant that although I was still on an A350 this one was without the Qsuite which was a shame but seems to more common problem with Qatar. The family that was expecting a quad had more problems as one of the kids didn’t like sitting apart from the parents, which is one of the benefits of the product. Flight was really good with service by Gabriel first rate. Dine on demand is really good however as the flight lands at 9:30 in the morning a breakfast option would have been good instead of all being based around dinner. Selection of food good, flight comfortable, even managed fours of sleep.
  Onboard everything is great with Qatar Airways. Fabulous service and offerings. Thoughtful and lovely crew. The issue was partly not the blame of Qatar. Checking in at Barajas I had all the correct paperwork including the PCR test done the day before. They decided they didn’t like the document and that I had to have a last minute pcr at the airport. Luckily all ok but the result wasn’t enough and had to email it and it had to be read on a computer before I could board. All papers checked again at Doha resulting in flight being 2 hours delayed. I think it’s the Hong Kong arrivals that pushed It. On the flight extremely impressed. They switch aircraft type a lot which worked on my favour. I like the backward facing seat actually.
  Qatar Airways uses the Boeing 777-300 ER on its Philadelphia route. The planes are not as modern and spacious as the A50s which used to be on this route. The planes are modern and clean with excellent inflight entertainment, professional staff and reasonable food. The inflight magazines, the fresheners and menus have disappeared due to the pandemic. But the food portions, although smaller, are reasonably tasty and the staff still keep the lavatories clean with good overall service.  Overall, good and professional airline with a respectable inflight product despite the pandemic related cost cutting.
  Cancelled my original flight (12h) booked me on a flight that I could not take (due to connecting flight) and when requested a flight of equivalent duration was told was not possible. The flight I was given had a 22h duration. Flights with less time were only offering Business Class. When I went to the airport and complained the assistant agreed that an 8.5 h layover is a bit too much and indeed very easily booked me on the morning flight from Doha to Athens on economy saving 8.5h of waiting. 
  Cairo-Doha-Dallas The first flight was amazing. Even though it was only three hours long, the plane had screens on the seats, had a delicious meal service and snacks available if you ask the crew. They also came around with drinks multiple times and provided blankets and pillows. The second flight was equally amazing. It was 16 hours but it was very comfortable. They gave us 2 meals and 2 snacks and if you wanted more there were more snacks readily available. The screens had lots of movies, tv shows, games, and sporting events on them. There were also lots of drinks. Along with pillows and blankets they gave an amenity kit which had an eye mask, socks, ear plugs, and a tooth brush with toothpaste. The crew was really kind on both flights and asked if we wanted drinks multiple times. The wifi on both flights was the super wifi which was great if you payed for it (10 usd for the entire flight).
  My flight was from Beirut to Doha, when we reached here the bags where at belt number six but on the screen you can see so many flights on the belt! Anyways most of the passenger waited for more than 2 hours om the belt for the missing bags. Then we went to the office to apply a report. They checked the tag of the bag and everything related to the bag and they couldn't know where is it. The guy said it shows that its loaded but we cant find where it is. And they gave me a phone numbers to call but most of the times its busy. And when they answer they say will call you after one hour and no one called me and I still don't know where is my bag. 
  I am very disappointed about my baggage. My trip was from Toronto to Uganda on July 4 . When we got in Uganda four of our luggage didn't arrive with us. I had to come back to the airport which is far and inconvenient transportation several days. I got my 3 bags in 12 days which is the day before the wedding. One of my bag is still missing. Today as of August 22 2022 I am already back from my vacation however I still didn't get my last bag and I didn't get an answer for that. I tried to contact the airlines they just keep giving me different numbers and told me to contact them by WhatsApp, but its all helpless. 
  On my journey to Male from Doha I was bumped to a 1.30am flight. It was a 2 2 configuration on an old plane. A gentleman was next to me, he laid down went to sleep. I could only get to the toilet if I woke him. The entertainment was poor and my food was poor. On my return journey from Doha to Manchester I was put in seat 6F a Boeing 787-8. Seat 6F was just in front of economy with a curtain and next to the toilet. The rest of the business class were separated from me by a walk way. All the economy passengers streamed pass making comments. The steward couldn’t care less. The toilet was in constant use by business and economy. My food was poor again, mind you eating next to the toilet didn’t help. Sorry Qatar very disappointed.
  I and my son boarded Qatar Airways from Entebbe via Doha to Madrid. The services that we received on board the flight from Entebbe to Doha were terrible. The staff assigned to serve our section skipped us every time food, drinks, snacks were being served. This was quite embarrassing as I raised my hand when he skipped us so as to get served. When we were almost getting to Doha I raised up my hand and another staff responded. I explained to him the ordeal, he looked so apologetic and offered to serve us anything of our choice. My next flight from Doha to Madrid was the best despite that we lost our luggage for after 4 days.
  I and my son travelled from Mumbai to LA via Doha (Mum to Doha & then Doha to LA) on 6th Aug'22. This was a personal trip. While I have been to US several times over last 17 years - for business as well as personal trips, it was a first trip to US for my son. My son will be pursuing MS at USC in LA and hence he needed extra luggage allowance. My past experience with Qatar is the primary reason I booked our flights with Qatar, though it was not the cheapest option. I wanted to make sure that, even if I had to cancel my travel plan at last minute, my son will have hurdle free journey. However, I was happy that I chose Qatar Airways. Every stage - flight booking, seat & meal selection, check-in, in-flight exp, meals & snacks, in-flight entertainment, baggage handling - was a pleasant experience. Qatar provided extra luggage allowance as student allowance to my son. Qatar also provided full-flight complimentary wi-fi to him as a student offer. We are vegetarians. Almost all airlines have vegetarian meal option but a handful provide good quality and tasty veg meals. Qatar veg meal was excellent. So was their choice of snacks and beverages. Staff was polite and friendly though we were in Economy. I have noticed a stark difference in airline staff behavior when they deal with Business versus Economy class passengers. Even in Economy, their staff was cordial and caring. There were several passengers with variety of queries ranging from meal options to why satellite-based wi-fi was not working at certain times. Staff was answering and helping passengers with genuine interest. A couple of suggestions : 1) Qatar should consider waiving off seat selection fees for middle seats. I had to pay for it as I wanted to make sure I travel together with my son 2) I am not sure if Qatar provides confirmation notification about successful luggage transfer in connecting flights. If they don't then they must consider providing this notification as it will serve as a huge relief for the passengers that their luggage is not left behind. Some other airlines do provide such notifications either via their app or SMS.
  One day before boarding I checked on their web site and it stated QR947 will have Qsuites which was not true actually it was one of the ex Cathay Pacific aircraft they bought to cover the shortage of equipment they are suffering from the A350 groundings. They did not have WiFI, the service was alright and don’t get me started with the catering it was inedible neither the appetizer nor the main course or the dreadful crumble dessert which has so much sugar to mask it’s shortcomings, the main course which was a prime rib was so over cooked and dry, the tapas was poor ingredients. The IFE was outdated that I had to revert to my iPad.
  Our initial flight was cancelled and we were rebooked 24 hours later. We did get put up in a hotel but had to stand by the customer service desk for 4 hours for the transfer. The flight we were transferred to was a 3 stop Qantas/BA flight - we had originally paid extra for the 1 stop flight. The new flight time was 37 hours and on top of that it took 3.5 hours to check in at Manchester for a 45 minute flight to London. We have since submitted a request for compensation for additional costs which includes the extra we paid for exit row seats on our Qatar flight which we never got. Trying to get updates on the compensation request is impossible, you just get another automated message if you email, the customer service phone number team says it’s not their department and they can’t help, the online chat team says it’s not their problem, they can’t help and tell you to wait - when you ask for an escalation point they shut down the chat. It’s now 5 weeks since the initial submission and no update at all.
  Booked biz class and paid for seat reservations. No problem on fist leg but on checking in online noticed reserved window seat changed for one on the middle on the 2nd leg from Doha, no choice offered due to plane type change. Went to check in 5 hours early as could not get through to them, got the last window seat. So applied for a refund of the 2900 baht as they had not given me another window seat when they could have or offered me a choice. First they said I would get the refund in 28 days, then after a few weeks said no as the seat I did get was similar to the one I paid to reserve. Don't waste money reserving seats as they can change it and you do not get what you paid for. 
  They cancelled my initial connecting flight to JFK from DOH and insulted me more than assisted me. The representatives were very dismissive and one man even told me it was foolish to have boarded the flight in Nairobi to DOH, despite being told there that this was the best course of action. I asked about my ticketing options and after a very long wait I was ticketed for a flight to Amman where I would catch my transfer to JFK. I just had to wait for 5 hours, which I did. I asked for a meal voucher and was given the minimum voucher. I was able to eat a burger at Burger King and that cashier, Apple, was the nicest person to me of this whole experience. I went to the gate and my flight to Amman was delayed, meaning that I would miss my connection to NY. I went to the gate representative and asked for assistance. A manager came to meet me and said he would help me get the flight to JFK. He said the flight was fully booked but I would be on it. I was then brought to the quiet room and assured that they would come for me once I was ticketed. I slept for 2 hours and went back to the desk asking for an update. They said the flight to JFK was delayed and they would need to find another alternative. I asked if I will be upgraded for my trouble, but this was not possible.
  I had a horrible service due to poor handling of my delayed baggage delivery to my destination. The airline failed to deliver my baggage with delays of 5 days and counting. The staff were uncommunicative, and didn’t show any care in trying to track and expedite my baggage. I am disappointed and completely frustrated with Qatar Airways service.
  Worst service and communication I've ever had to deal with. Was 2 days of utter hell. Arrived at Warsaw 3 hours early for check in, to find the flight was delayed 3 hours. The app never had my flights on it and constantly had to keep adding it. Doha a flight was changed with no communication again and changed seats without communication and at check in it was an "oh sorry you just have to sit there". On the website it shows in case of a delay there is a claim process which apparently their staff don't know about and are trying everything in their power not to process. Bottom line is that they are an extremely incompetent airline.
 I have been a strong supporter and promoter of Qatar Airways up until this past return flight that my wife and I took from Doha to Athens (28th June 2022) and return (27th July 2022). The outbound flight crew were awful and the cabin service was poor, the crew appeared tired and 'hassled' and were not at all friendly. They did not appear to be fully trained as the usual and past cabin crew have always been, the food was really poor and tasteless. We took advantage of an upgrade offer (QR3900) for our return journey to Doha hoping to enjoy a better quality service upon our return. It proved to be anything but. Firstly the Business Class Lounge catering to Qatar Airways Business Class passengers was closed? We went to other lounges but they were full and would not accept us, eventually we found a lounge that did offer us seats in their reception area. The snack food was truly below par, so too was the extremely poor selection of beverages. We boarded on time and the crew were definitely better and friendlier than our outbound flight, the menu appeared OK but when the food was served it was not up to the Airlines usual standard. I had only a mouthful and could not eat the rest, the chicken that was served to my wife was overcooked and extremely tough. So from a clear '10' that we would rate on all of our previous flights with Qatar Airways our rating on this recent experience would be 4/10.
  Qatar Airways had amazing customer service from start to finish. I’ve never experienced anything like it. Qatar Airways took care of me extremely efficiently, thoroughly, and respectfully. Not to mention they will give you a full refund if you cancel your flight 3 hrs before no matter what (I never buy the insurance so I assume I would never get $ back but they were just like yeah full refund no questions asked). This has been a breath of fresh air, thank you.
  Cabin crew were amazing. In-flight service is the best I've had so far. Food was good and cutleries clean and neatly wrapped. Aircraft looked really new and clean. Seating was quite comfortable. Overall, I had a pleasant experience flying Qatar airways and would gladly choose to fly them again
  The Qatar airways experience was fantastic. The stewards / stewardesses were exceptional eg Aman from Doha to London & Aarti from London to Doha as well as the others (can't remember their names). The food was phenomenal and the service was par excellence. Already booked from Durban to Istanbul in Oct for my 40th wedding anniversary. No wonder they have been voted best airline numerous times. Nothing was too much of a problem for the stewards & meals were served only when required. No carts being pushed around. Also minimal noise. The Q suites were brilliant.
  We encountered a problem with the booking of our tickets which was overlooked until just before we were to fly. Initially, BA worked with us on the checkin which was great but the Qatar Airways staff at the Boarding Gate and check-in at Heathrow (London to Doha) were most exceptional. They understood the situation (the booking was mistakenly done in my wife's maiden name which not her current passport)- although we also her maiden name passport when traveling as it has her visa in it. The pressure and stress of traveling was taken away in an instance and we ended up having the rest of our journey stress free. In addition, the Qatar Airways staff at the Doha Airport smoothed our journey even more. On both legs of our Qatar Airways flights our 2 young children were taken care of immediately upon boarding the plane.
  London to Doha was delayed at Heathrow. Finally boarded the flight and sat there for more than an hour before being told there were issues with the plane. Later deplaned and told another plane was being prepared. As we were trying to leave, we got told to go back to our seats and that they might have fixed the issue. More time has passed and we were finally told it was going to take off. By the time we had left Heathrow, it was delayed 5 hours. This meant I had missed my connecting flight to Sydney. On the plane, the entertainment system at my seat didn't work. The touch screen failed and I had to move to the adjacent seat that was empty and use that screen. Food was okay, inflight service was good. Upon landing in Doha had my boarding pass taken from me and given a new one. I was not given any sort of compensation to use a lounge, got told to speak with the transfer desk. The flight from Doha to Perth which I was being redirected to was delayed by 2+ hours. When I got to Perth, to my shock horror, I was put on Jetstar Airways instead of a partner plane like Qantas. The Jetstar plane was also delayed by 2hrs. I was supposed to arrive in Sydney at 6pm on a Friday, I arrived instead at 8am on Saturday. I was only offered statutory compensation after I have still yet to receive. I not received a refund on the upgraded seats I paid for but was not able to use because of the delays. 
  I pre-booked the 16A for the seat for A350-900 with Qatar. I arrived counter in Rome and I was Informed the seat is taken by someone else and there’s no other seats available for the row of 16. The staff couldn’t solve my issues. I checked again with transit desk, none of them bother to look at my email but rather just telling me “sorry but all the extra legged seats are all reserved” Not to mentioned the supervisor kept saying “reserved is reserved”. That’s why I was trying to show the email to the staffs but they don’t care. I believe the confirmation email I received is valid to prove the seat is reserved for me. In this case, obviously it’s double-booked However, none of the we staff  managed to solve my issue. 
  I had flight from Istanbul to Goa, but one day before flight company changed time of flight and in the end plane also was late and I lost my next two flights. I was at first in this kind of situation, didn't know how to get next flights and what's is with luggage. In this chaos between offices and departments in airport I lost my baggage tags. There were two suitcases. Qatar provided next flight, but with delay 20 hours which I spent in airport without any complaining and compensation. During my awaiting time they found just one of my suitcases and told me to fill application about lost luggage in final destination for second one and promised that it will be delivered during 2-3 days Any worries from my side I get used to trust people especially company with so high renting. I filled application for lost luggage after my arriving to Goa, but they didn't provide PIR code. More then 2 weeks they found nothing. 
  This is first time I have flown with Qatar Airways. I have friends who have flown with them several times and they have always rated them well. New planes, comfortable seats, good leg room (for a 6 foot tall person), entertainment system and screen excellent, and the food tasty and at the right portion size. Cabin was fabulous lit with light purples and blues. Crew were efficient and courteous. Took off on time arrived early at both Hamad International and Edinburgh. Having done various routes from SIN to EDI over the 17 years, must say this was best flight. 
  I had a two-part flight from Paris to Doha and then Doha to Tehran. The flight from Paris had almost one and half hour delay for which we had no clear explanation. With this delay, I arrived at the boarding for the Doha-Tehran flight 10 minutes before departure time, but staff did not let us board and gave us a ticket for 7 hours later. So we have to wait more than 7 hours in Doha so we can take our second flight. No apology or compensation was offered (apart from a free meal) and the only thing we can do is to send emails to Qatar Airways and go through a probably long and tiring path to register our complaint. 
  I was chosen for an Involuntary Downgrade to Economy class from business class for Doha to Phuket flight on July 8 because J class was oversold. Today I received email that I will be reimbursed 125$.
  I missed my luggage at my final destination, Istanbul (SAW) airport due to my luggage mistakenly behind on the arrival date, 20 June 2022. The airline didn't manage to deliver my luggage until my return date, on 24 June 2022 and didn't contact or inform to me any update until I follow up or push them again and again.  I was unable to get any reimbursement for my unexpected cost on buying extra clothing or expenses. My luggage was found at Istanbul (SAW) airport at the end due to their update but couldn't manage to send it back to my hand yet. 
  Fantastic experience with Economy class on Qatar SFO-MAA-SFO in June/July 2022. A350-1000 is one of the most modern planes in operation. The seats were very comfortable despite their thin appearance. There was no tailbone pain during the 15 hour trip from SFO to DOH. There was enough leg room in the first row after business class - Row 16. The best seats on this plane are 31A and 31K as there are no seats in front of them and you get a window too. The next best seats are 17C and 17H, those are aisle seats with no seats in front. Qatar' economy food was pretty good and sufficient. The AVML choices are offered in the standard menu so no need to order special meals. The quality of food was surprisingly good in all segments. Not too oily, spicy. Doha airport gets too crowded in the central area, which is the only downside in the whole trip. The service onboard was pretty good with the crew being quite responsive to your needs. Will not hesitate to fly Qatar again in future.
  My flight to Istanbul via Doha was affected by the retiming of flight QR947 SIN-DOH from 2115 to 1035 on 2 June of almost 11 hours earlier departure timing from Singapore to Doha. The resulted in an extremely long layover of 17 hrs 45 mins instead of a planned and bearable 7 hrs 25 mins. It was during the course of downloading the QR App that we noted that the flight timing differs from the timing originally booked. We called Customer Service Hotline immediately to understand the situation and our options. However, we were only told to contact Qatar Airways Customer Care via portal/email. We lodged our concerns to seek alternative arrangements and or suitable recovery efforts at Doha Airport. To-date we have not heard from QR office despite 2 email reminders. Upon landing at Doha Airport, we approached Qatar Airways Transit Desk to listen to what recovery arrangements have been made for affected passengers. We requested for a ‘Flight disruption letter’ to facilitate any possible travel insurance claim. The Manager told us that no flight disruption letter will be issued from Doha as the flight disruption had taken place outbound from Singapore. However, this was inconsistent with what passengers were told when the same request was made at the QR check-in counter in Singapore ie. to be provided at DOHA. In relation to our request for accommodation / lounge access, the Manager explained that due to COVID reasons, no accommodation nor lounge access could be arranged for affected passengers. Giving the benefit of the doubt to Qatar Airways, the least one would expect is for the airline to mitigate the inconvenience caused through other measures. Instead, other than meal vouchers, none was forthcoming. We also note that some affected passengers were able to have lounge access or sleep pods at their own expense.
  I booked a flight for October 2022 from Dubai to Chicago via Doha and Boston in Q-Suite. Qatar changed my flight several times and now I am flying Dubai-Doha-Montreal-Chicago, not in Q-Suite. The annoying part was, that my ticket requested me to pay for my seat assignment. Of course I expected Qatar airways that if they change my flight, they also change my seat to the new route/plane for the fee, which I had paid for the original itinerary. With every change Qatar made, I had to call customer service, explain my entire problem and have endless discussions about why I do not pay again for a new seat assignment, if Qatar is the one to change my flights. It was nerve wrecking, time consuming and straightforward unpleasant and annoying. As nice as their Qsuite may be, the changes are horrible. And even though I am already on my way to Platinum status, this was my last booking with them, as I am fed up with an unreliable company. 
  The first leg of my journey was from Melbourne to Doha night time flight and I was hoping I’d get a few hours of sleep to help with the jet lag. The lounges at Melbourne were great, food was good and very friendly staff. After a relaxing wait I went to board and I was lucky and fortunate enough to be upgraded to business class (much to my shock and surprise) I was speechless. Once I had boarded the plane I was amazed at my surroundings, I’ve never experienced anything like this. The Air hostess was so good, friendly and really made my experience extremely pleasant. Everything about this leg of the flight was perfect - I slept in absolute comfort, the seats reclined so I could lay down, the service was incredible, the menu had a variety of choices and the entertainment was excellent. Quite simply, Qatar airways have a customer for life and they are the best airline I have ever used, I cannot recommend highly enough. Thank you so much Qatar Airways for making my journey one of the best experiences I’ve ever had in my life and I’m still smiling today.
  Check in at Bangkok airport was swift and efficient, despite a folly booked A380. It was disappointing that Qatar seems not to re-open its flagship lounge at BKK airport after more than 2 years of closure. Does not make sense to use a very mediocre Miracle lounge since number of flights are back to pre Covid, and airfares about 40% higher in comparison to pre Covid times. Flight was uneventful, food was nothing to shout about. Champagne was uncoiled, red wine was ice cold. I was glad that my flight from Doha was from B2 gate and not the usual bus station like E area. I could not be more wrong. They used an empty airbridge gate and used buses from there. The worst part was to sit in an very hot aircraft with an open door on the tarmac with a very weak aircondition. Generally, Doha Airport has lost its advantage over other airports and is the weakest part of the overall experience while flying Qatar. The flight to Warsaw was good, with better service and food in comparison to my first leg of the journey. There are no more amenity kits for Doha to Europe flights. When I asked about it, I was told that there are no more kits for flights below 6h. Both of my flights were 5.5h; but the BKK to Doha sector had a lovely amenity kit. Overall ok flights, but Qatar lacks consistency, and the ground services in Doha are getting worse. I was lucky enough to have good seats on this trip; not Qsuites, but not the dreaded 2-2-2 configuration.
  I fly with Qatar Airways every month. Credit where credit is due they are by far the best airline in the world. Staff are excellent, tentative onboard and at checkin. The seating is very spacious, food is of a high standard and inflight entertainment excellent. You can’t ask for anymore from an airline. I’m in the T4 frequent flyer lounge at Heathrow and WOW Thank you
  The fare was through the roof but we had no choice as no other airline serves the route except Etihad and their connection times are ridiculous. The flight was on an older A350 and the age was clearly showing, the cabin staff seemed stressed and the food was limited for choice. No QSuites just the old configuration the airline is stretched because of lack of equipment. 
  Manila-Doha in business class, Doha-London Heathrow Economy QR 9 on A380 (4/7/22) My first time flying economy in so many years and I thought I’d leave the Doha to Heathrow as it was. I was able to upgrade my Manila to Doha flight but not the Heathrow leg. Business class from LHR-Doha-Manila were all in the comfort of Q Suite. Business class on Qatar Airways is beyond expectation and the crew were all excellent until I flew on their economy. I felt that one of the crew was quite rude and obnoxious and tried to tell me off for taking a video and demanded that I’d delete it. 
  We traveled as a family from US to India and back. I have to acknowledge that we had a pleasant trip both ways. The customer care was beyond excellent and the cabin crew were the most respectful and friendly staff we have ever met in all these years of our air travel. The food was absolutely incredible and the choices were simply amazing. The Hamad international airport is simply awesome and the best we have ever seen! We did not even feel that we had a 15 hour flight - it was that comfortable and relaxing! The one minus point was the crammed aircrafts from US to Doha and Doha to India (Boeing 777-300ER). It was very congested and crowded.
  Comfortable flight though the rising ticket price makes this route is extremely expensive. The check in in Jakarta was really smooth and fast because I was doing online check in before. The flight got delayed for 1 hour but still managed to arrived in Doha on time. The food is good compared to other gulf carriers, I'm amazed that even in economy class they provide some options for the passengers. Free alcohol is provided during the flight. the entertainment system is also okay. the only critics is the seat in this type of aircraft is somehow really tight for a a long flight, when there's IFE box underneath the seat it makes your space for legs even tighter. The crew was also fine.
  The flight crew were so professional and respectful. I have flown for the last 10 years but that was the smoothest flight I've ever experienced. The pilots were just top notch. The descent was so smooth. Touch was even better. Kudos to them all.
  Frankfurt to Brisbane, transferring in Doha, Qatar. (30/06/2022) Due to a delayed arrival in Doha our bags did nor arrive at our end-destination Brisbane airport. Since we have arrived in Brisbane, we have tried to contact the airline in every possible way. Still, we have not been able to reach them after one week of lost luggage. We have not received one single update since our luggage got lost, although the baggage service assured us it would take maximum 72h until our luggage will be sent to us. Also claiming our lost luggage directly at Brisbane airport baggage service and filling out all the necessary paperwork has not helped us in any way. Now that 1 week has gone by without a single mail from Qatar to update us, our patience is at its end. 
  I found the seating on their B777-300ER to be extremely uncomfortable (17 inch wide seats crammed in a 3-4-3 configuration) with worn out seat cushioning and cramped leg space with the most unfriendly, inattentive, and careless cabin crew I have experienced. Another disappointment occurred when they tried to cancel my wife's business class ticket without notification. When I called, I was lied to and told that the flight had been cancelled due to operational issues, but when I asked them how come our coach tickets on the same flight were not cancelled, they could not explain. They cancelled and re-booked my wife's ticket in excess of 6 times requiring me to spend hours upon hours on the phone with their Customer Service Center in Doha. This went on and on for 5 days until I was finally able to rescue my wife's original itinerary for the alleged flight that had been cancelled (QR 726) but was now somehow reinstated.  And even when they tried to make amends and promised lounge club passes for my family upon arrival in Doha, upon arrival there were no club passes nor any entries in the PNR record locator.  To say that my experience was underwhelming is an understatement.
  Almost everything is perfect. Flight from Bangkok to Doha was delayed for 2 hours but on chekin we were offered food vouchers. Great experience over all. Definitely will choose again to fly with Qatar Airways.
  Flew Philadelphia to the Maldives with a layover in Doha roundtrip in business class. The flights meant to be with QSuites, but due to last minute equipment changes, 3 of those flights did not have QSuites. Still, the service, food and seats were enjoyable. I was pleased the final flight from DOH-PHL was equipped with Q Suites. Really nice product. However we boarded late, sat on the plane for over 2 hours prior to takeoff due to a “cargo issue”. My flight attendant was forgetful and failed to bring half my meal, the coffee or cheese plate I requested, pajamas. The flight attendant on my husband’s side was great though. Our bags never made it out of Doha. The agent promised my bag would be delivered to my home the following day. However the bag never showed up. I sent a message through Twitter and was directed to contact the baggage dept via WhatsApp. Still no response 28 hours later. I went back to Twitter and was then directed to contact baggage dept through the “live chat” which is a joke. 27 hours later and still no response. Back to Twitter and was told “these things take time”.  So nobody will tell me where my luggage is, how to submit for reimbursement, can’t get a response from any of the relevant channels, can’t speak to a live person. 
  Our flight from Amsterdam (1-July) was 3 hours delayed due to staff shortages in Amsterdam  airport security. Upon arriving in Doha on the 2-July, we had to quickly transfer to our connecting Perth flight. We were assured that our baggage would make the flight . When we arrived in Perth, our baggage was not there. We made a claim with the baggage handling service (Menzies). They said they would email us the next day - this never happened. We made a similar claim with Qatar but their lack of response with dealing with our missing baggage has been terrible. After 3 days Qatar has not been able to locate our baggage or supply the last known location. The baggage department does not answer the phone, their email, or their WhatsApp chat function. We have no idea whether we’ll ever see our baggage again.
  Our flight was delayed from Kuala Lumpur so we had to transit for more than 24 hours in Doha. The airline did not inform us we had to apply for visa and so we wasted almost two hours trying to apply online. They gave us a three star hotel to stay in and bus for airport transfers during our unwanted stay in Doha. Cabin service were ok. I was travelling with family (my husband, daughter and I), but only two of us was in business class due to limited seats availability. We couldn’t enter the Al Mourjan lounge as a family. 
  The flight itself was fine however dealing with our baggage which they lost has been absolutely terrible. When we arrived at our final destination our checked baggage (along with 25+ other passengers) was missing. After 3 days Qatar has not been able to locate our baggage or supply the last known location. The baggage department does not answer the phone, their email, or their WhatsApp chat function. When I got ahold of someone in the reservations department they told me “these things take time.”  We are extremely disappointed with the service from Qatar.
  Staff were slow in response but friendly. The frustrating thing is that no one checked the hand luggage sizes. They were well over 7Kg and some customers had more bags then the one. The overhead lockers were very full. This meant I had to store my cabin bag (weight 5Kg) 8 rows away. Almost impossible to get to once we had landed and people were standing up. If you are going to police the weight of luggage, be consistent.
  Very poor experience, delayed flight and missing baggage. I was told I’d be contacted but was not. I was given a number to call no one answered. Baggage is still missing for more than 72 hrs nobody has bothered to call and provide any form of reassurance. 
  My husband and I are flying back from Turkey tonight via Doha and Qatar Airways have seated us at totally different seats/sides of the aircraft. We checked in at Bodrum and had a connecting flight so we were issued with two tickets each. I did not check the seats when we got our tickets. The first short 4 hour flight was fine. We sat together and had a good flight. But once we boarded the long haul flight we were told to sit in different areas. 
  My flight was delayed from Malaga airport traveling to Doha, they put me on a different connecting flight from Doha to IKA with over 8 hours of layover. When I arrived to Doha, the customer service didn’t offer me anything for this inconvenience. This is while the layover was from 12am until 8am, the worse time to stay awake specially with a shock of not knowing and being prepared. I have to mention that the flight and flight attendants were amazing but the airport staff were rude, not helpful and made me and so many other wait at the counter with no response for 40 min at a time while refusing to respond to our concern. I had requested a gluten free meal that I didn’t receive!  I’m sorry that such a good aircraft has such a poor customer service.
  Breakfast was not served until 10 am so asked for a cup of tea at about 9 am to be told, no because service starts in 10 mins. 1 hour later still waiting. However the worst part was the layover in Doha. We are Qantas Gold members and were not allowed in the Business Lounge, we got the runaround and were eventually directed to a below quality lounge with inadequate bathroom facilities. 
  Doha to London. This was my first experience of the Q-suite and sitting facing the back of the plane, the seat and amenities have been well reviewed by others my comments on this is that the quality of the seat is excellent the blanket is the good entertainment system is as good as others have found it and the in-flight service is up to their superb reputation. Regrettably the meal I chose did not match the presentation. 
  After a somewhat disappointing experience in the Bangkok airport miracle lounge which Qatar Airways is using as their own lounge is closed. the experience on the A380 was really good. The A380 seat is excellent, the plane is quiet, and the service and presentation of food is at least as good as most five star restaurants can give you. I was given pyjamas to use on the flight, they were comfortable. The A380 has a very impressive lounge with very few people using it at the time I went which meant that the air stewardess who was on duty could take time to chat. The service was supremely good, dining was à la carte, so you could order what you want when you want it, presentation of the food was very nice indeed, the actual quality of the food was the only thing that let them down.
  Flew CPH-DOH-SGN 22-23/6 on newer B787-800s. Award ticket. All flights on time, all luggage handled perfectly, labelled priority, and arrived quickly. Can't fault the trip anything and have to score it 10/10. Check-in in CPH quick and pleasant, done within Minutes, which gave me almost 4 hours in lounges as the many counters opens 4 hours prior to departure. I was given plenty of seat options as flights were full/about to be full. The Eventyr Lounge that they use is nice and improving, the view is gorgeous. Smooth boardings and deboardings, all on jet-bridges. I oppose the by far too early gate calls, 80 Minutes before departure in CPH, despite gate is only 3 Minutes away from lounge. Lounge in DOH has changed to the new Silver Lounge at B-gates. Its roomy and nice though 1-2 steps below the level of the Al Mourjan lounge – on the other hand it provides tarmac views as the only of its kind in Doha. Onboard, a breeze of service, FA attention, and recognition of status level. 3 hot meals offered from CPH, I tried 2 of them, they were quite good. Drinks rounds and offerings were plenty, incl sparkling wine on both flights. Last flight there were 2 hot breakfast option, I craved for a 3rd option and they managed to deliver it to perfection after only 20 Minutes additional waiting. Impressive on a full flight. Managed to sleep 3 hours on the last flight in an exit row seat with meters ahead of me for leg stretching. IFE was top notch with 150+ movies, the best I have had on any economy flight. Headsets provided, however, I used my own. Full ratings, and recommended, despite the airline is very conservative, but also predictable and reliable
  I bought 2 return tickets on Kiwi.com from Brisbane to Warsaw via Doha. We were supposed to have 2.5h layover in Doha going from Australia to Poland and 1h on our way back.  We were very happy that we found such connection. One month later, on  15th February we received a notification that our itinerary had changed, and the layover time extended by 18 hours and 20 minutes. Few days later, we received another e-mail informing us that our layover in Doha was extended to 20 hours 35 minutes. They did not offer a hotel room or anything,  as a compensation they offered us a meal voucher.
  I want to give kudos to the Qatar Airways team for their assistance on my flight from Brussels Airport. The train from ZYA to BRU was part of the travel itinerary, where the train arrived later than expected. Qatar Airways check-in desk re-opened again and allowed me to proceed with the process. The horrifying passport controls with a very long queue were the main challenge. The flight was supposed to depart at 4:35 pm, and I only managed to went through the immigration at 4:28 pm. Qatar Airways personnel was waiting for me, and my 250 meters dash began with assistance from the ground team in Brussels airport. I made it to the gate and aircraft at 4:33 pm and the flight departed on time. Kudos to the ground team in Brussel and the Customer Service assistance.
 2 flights, First flight No. CX9203 (Codeshare Cathay Pacific & Qatar Airways), from Hong Kong  to Doha on an  A350-900. It was very comfortable and very quiet, and the plane was modern and luxurious, the cabin crew was very good, but my food was not good. Second flight from Doha to Amman on a Boeing 787-8 . It was very comfortable, and the cabin crew was excellent and very friendly, and very helpful (amazing crew), again my food was not good.
 Check in went ok, boarding was well organised on the first flight in Brisbane but not in Doha. The Boeing 777-300 has a 3-4-3 layout in economy and it was full.  Qatar have a mask policy - however this mask policy was not implemented or enforced. It was mentioned once but staff did not remind passengers they should wear masks. As a result many passengers did not wear masks at all. In Doha the plane had to be reached via a bus.  On the first flight the crew was not very friendly. Food was delicious. 
 QR is our favorite airline and each step of travel is pleasant due to the amazing flight attendants. They were so accommodating and pleasant. They looked after all passengers with great attention and professionalism. We noticed on this flight a decline in the onboard service. No men's and women's sleeper suit were available. We found that our food in business class had dropped and was not up to standard. The main courses were arranged very poorly. No hint of fine dining, rather food in a canteen. The two desserts were very modest.
  I started flying Qatar Airways last year. I have taken 5 round trips in the last ten months. I fly out of Atlanta. The first two times they used A350-900 non-Qsuite aircraft, both trips were great. From in-flight service to food, everything was top-notch. Then from my 3rd trip and on, they used the older 777 300ERs, they do not have the same seats, and the entertainment system and the screens are very slow to respond. The worst part is when you try to lay down; your feet are always dangling and not even with your body. It feels more like a long recliner than a lie-flat seat.  They offer newer 777s and some even with Q suites on shorter routes, I enjoyed when I flew from Doha to Istanbul or to Dhaka. Why not use these newer aircraft for the long haul flights such as Atlanta to Doha or Doha to Atlanta, where people really need their rest, considering these are 14-hour flights. Their catering service from Atlanta has gone down drastically in the past few months. 
  My flights were on time. We were well received on board and warm welcome from Farangis and Karanveer, the service was great. The flight attendants were pleasant and efficient. The First class Lounge in Doha is very comfortable. Services start from the airport where you do check in in firs class private section, then to separate immigration section, then to luxury and big lounge where you can eat and relax, and end with very nice and luxury seats and services.
  I flew from Amsterdam to Phuket (return Bangkok to Amsterdam) via Doha in Business Class. All in all a very satisfactory experience. Ground crew in Amsterdam did a wonderful job despite long queues at the security check. At BKK business class passengers could use the fast track through security and immigration. From check in to lounge in 20 minutes. I had 2 flights in the marvellous qsuite. It provides maximum privacy. The other flights were also very good as all seats provided privacy, sleeping comfort and aisle access. The cabin crew provided excellent service on all flights. It's was truly a premier experience.
  Frankfurt to Doha provided a comfortable and service oriented flight. The only downsize was the poor quality of food in Economy. Transfer in Doha was easy, due to the Al Maha transfer service an lounge access due to my Platinum status with Qatar. There was a pleasant surprise at the gate, as I got an upgrade due to an overbooked flight. I love the herringbone configuration and the bar on the A380. service and food was impeccable on this flight. I would have given full rating, but can’t because of the  poor meal on the Frankfurt to Doha sector.
  After departure they told us that they were out of Taitinger champagne, the main course I wanted was not available, she said you could have ordered your preferred meal before you flight. My diner was nothing specials, very small starter, main course was chicken with rice. After diner we didn’t see anyone until half hour before arrival. I bought wifi for $10 and that’s not a bad price but I expect free wifi in business class. At Doha we went to the lounge, we had to give our names and had to go in line until they call us to enter the dining area. On time we left to the gate to board our flight to Bangkok, at the gate they told us that there was a delay for half hour. Finally it took 1 hour and 45 minutes before we could board the plane without any announcements at the gate. Luckily the service on our flight to Bangkok was better.
  Got a bit of a fright at check-in when staff told me I was booked to fly home from Hanoi but I was standing in HCMC airport. Originally booked from Hanoi but i changed departure point two days after i made the booking. I was sent a new e-ticket which confirmed from HCMC and seat number. Upon making the change agent was pretty clear that i should re-issue my ticket via an issue button on the website. Tried this over and over - error message every time. Called them and told problem fixed but I noticed several times that the issue ticket button re-appeared. Emailed Qatar as was concerned by this, they dodged my question. At check in desk was told to call Doha. Got cut off three times whilst being transferred . Fourth call, agent told me to log onto web and click “issue ticket” button, it didn’t work. Agent sorted it manually.
  Booked a flight for my wife in Feb 2020 with QR using my Avios points. Then in April 2020, QR canceled the flight. When I attempted to rebook in April 2022, I am advised that my Avios points have been forfeited (208,000). Customer Service do not reply for 5 weeks and then refer me to the Privilege Club (of which I have been a member for 15 years). The Privilege Club refer me to the QR COVID policy on cancellation and then back to Customer Service. Whether a policy written by QR after the purchase of the ticket actually entitles QR to cancel my points is in my view moot. QR canceled the booking, then forfeited my points and gave me no notice of pending forfeiture (in Feb 2022). They restricted me to a two year window to rebook in circumstances where rebooking was infeasible due to COVID related travel restrictions. My point is why give a loyal customer the run around? It would cost virtually nothing in financial terms to restore the forfeited points and would retain my loyalty.  The is a critical review of Customer Service for an airline that in most other ways is excellent.
 I travel internationally several times a year but this was my first time taking Qatar Airways. I was impressed by the cleanliness of the two aircrafts used on this trip, the professionalism of the crew. The crew attended to all my needs in a pleasant manner. All these conditions made my long trip enjoyable. I will definitely take Qatar Airways whenever possible and I am already recommending it to family and friends. Keep it up, Qatar Airways!
  The customer service by all the staff was amazing. In particular I would like to mention Sophia who was so accommodating, patient and pleasant while dealing with the passengers. Each person is made to feel special. Would also like to mention Jaswinder, another lovely young lady flight attendant for the same reasons. When you see good service in-cabin it shows the quality of the management too.
  What an experience flying with Qatar Airways, everything was handled so professionally and efficiently. Well done to both the airport staff and the air crew for making this without doubt the best flight experience in my 30+ years of international travel. The business class seat was fantastic with a great select of entertainment and cabin crew were very friendly. The star of the show for me was the quality and choice of food onboard, 5 star dining. I did markdown the Wi-Fi as I struggled to connect, I'm sure the staff would have sorted this had I asked. It wasn't an issue I was just happy to relax and enjoy the experience. I’ve had some dreadful business class experiences this year travelling to the USA with two different airlines, this has reinstated my faith that there are airlines who actually care about their passengers. Well done Qatar Airways.
  I had the most amazing experience with Qatar Airways. I landed in Doha from Toronto and the Qatar staff made sure that the passengers knew where they needed to go and helped navigate the airport. The lounge was exceptionally clean, convenient and quiet. I flew on QR 534. Manasvi and Sharan, the flight attendants did an amazing job taking care of me on the flight. My experience flying with them for 3 hours was way better than the experience with Air Canada for 13 hours. Manasvi and Sharan both made me feel very comfortable and showed that they cared. Thank you!!
  Got best seat with my infant. Food was ok, They should give a little attention to the food. Today here give review about the wonderful service I got from the cabin Crew, Usman From Flight QR 723. The best I ever got from a cabin crew in flying life. Very helpful man, not only to us. He was very nice to all the passenger as well. I'm very delighted by his service, made me want to fly with only with Qatar Airways again, and also recommendation to my family and friend to fly with them.
  The airline facilities were fantastic. It was my first time flying business in the Qsuite with Qatar Airways as I was travelling from australia to Europe. When waiting to board the flight there was no priority lane for business class passengers. Once I had boarded, I would have appreciated a better welcome and more information regarding the services on board. Unfortunately I was mostly ignored by staff when I got into my seat except when I had the do not disturb sign on. I was awakened as the air steward who he needed to know my meal preference. It was a 14 hour flight. I do not understand the urgency from the staff. It defeats the purpose of even having a do not disturb sign.  I was not offered any bedding on the flight. 
  The first stretch of Bangkok Doha I had a one seater Q suite. Normally when I fly with my wife we ​​have a double Q suite (3E/3F) Now I had 1A. Flying in Qatar's Q suite is considered the best option to fly in Business class. When you then add the service level that the Cabin staff provides, I have a hard time finding anything to complain about. To be able to decide for yourself when you want to eat, I also find absolutely perfect on longer flights. All people are different I want to eat as early in the trip as possible while my wife wants to get her meal later. The section Doha - Stockholm was a more common type of seat configuration 1-2-1 The same nice cabin staff. Have flown a lot during my professional life (am now retired), have not found in recent years any airline that provides such a good flight (travel) experience as a whole as Qatar. They may not be the cheapest option but clearly an option not to be underestimated. Qatar Airways has always lined up if we have had any problems with my travel (both private and business travel). Already planning for our next trip and Qatar is definitely our main option for this trip as well.
  Have now flown with Qatar Airways on several occasions, with positive experiences every time. They are efficient, friendly, helpful and always looking after the customer needs. Great service, people, food, facilities and customer care. Unreservedly recommended.
  The flight was initially delayed due to issues at the airport. However, time were made up in the air and we landed as planned. The crew was extremely helpful throughout the night with water and drinks. Although we ate late the food has been incredible tasty. Thank you Qatar Airways for this memorable experience. I can now see why you are rated as the number 1 airline in the world. 
  Best airline I have flown, the staff were so accommodating, obviously the food is different but very well presented and nice too. Thank you for being so considerate with me being disabled, the staff were fantastic, I will definitely be using your airline again as well as referring to friends and family.
  It was my first time on Qatar Airways and in Business Class and I must say I have been very impressed. The Q-Suites are all what a traveller can dream of and the service has been amazing on every segment of my flights (Montreal-Cape Town via Doha and back). Food and drinks are available at all time and flight attendants are attentive to all your needs - there's not much more you can ask for. To boot, I had access to VIP lounges in every airport, so it was a very pleasant experience overall and I highly recommend Qatar Airways to every traveller, especially for long flights.
  It was my first time that I flew with Qatar Airways and my experience was seamless and very good. The check in process took some time due to the extra requirements demanded by the destination however the check in agent was a lovely and nice lady. The boarding process was organized despite some impatient passengers. The ground agents directed passengers to the rights lines with their boarding zone number. I was travelling in Business class on both legs on a standby ticket. The first from Montreal to Doha and longest leg featured the Qsuite which is impressive and amazing. The suite is spacious and comfortable. The second leg to Phuket was the normal pod which is similar to different airlines but still good. The cabin crew on both legs were polite and friendly. I really appreciated how they going the extra mile with their service skills to passengers. The meals were tasty and there's a lot of options of meals, snacks and drinks. The washrooms were spacious and kept clean. The entertainment had a big selection of movies, shows and games. Qatar Airways is superior compare to European or North American airlines and a good choice for an airline.
  Business class LHR-BKK, QR832 DOH-BKK, May 16 paid over 60 UK pounds for window seat reservation, changed to 10G middle quad seat without notification. Maybe different plane but why not change to another window seat when they were available. Did get window seat at check-in, seat controls were not working! I should get a refund on the cancelled seat reservation. Shambolic boarding especially at DOH with everyone waiting on the loading gangway for over 30 minutes. Food was the worst I have had on an airline, they seem to think lacto vegetarian is low calories vegetarian, the vegan option was inedible stodge. Staff were very nice.
 I have been choosing and flying with Qatar Airways at least 2-3 times a year and it has always been a great experience flying with them. Just a little bit disappointed with this specific flight, QR932 to Manila.
 Flights were on time and uneventful. But I’ve noticed that Qatar is unable to keep its quality edge over its competitors. It started at BKK airport where they use an inferior contract Lounge since they closed their own lounge indefinitely. The food on board was very mediocre to say the least. There is no more butter for the bread and the main courses were underwhelming in terms of quality and quantity. The beer I had was served at room temperature. The transfer in Doha was the usual chaos at the basement level. The staff wasn’t very friendly and the bus arrived at the aircraft while the aircraft was still being cleaned. We had to wait in a bus  for 30 min before being allowed to board. This wasn’t the first time I’ve experienced this communication chaos using the bus. All in all, I am not willing to pay a premium for flying Qatar anymore. The decline in service, the last minute changes in type of aircraft does not justify the fares it is charging, which is, especially in Premium well above pre Covid times. 
  New York to Kathmandu via Doha. Best airline and excellent service. Awesome food and great airline crew. I would highly recommend. Will surely fly again and will refer to friends and family.
  Excellent inflight service from Montreal to Doha and return. All of the cabin staff were very courteous and helpful. Overall an excellent travel. Thank you.
  Due to not having PCR Test earlier on, we cannot get on our flight. We rushed for our test and it's scheduled to be out in 4 hours at Heathrow Terminal 5 London. We had no choice but to postpone to our next flight. After the test, we approached the Qatar Airways ticketing team and he cannot help us because we bought our ticket through the travel agent in our country. Some time later, we approached a different guy who was so helpful. I would like to appreciate Mr Inam (senior ticketing agent at Heathrow Terminal 5). He helped us thoroughly for more than one hour. Called to Doha, checked the time of our next flight and helped us to do the check in without any queue, and so on without additional charged apart from a fee for a different class of seat we got. We are so relieved and eventually we got on our next flight. He was extremely helpful. We are glad to meet the right guy Qatar Airways has placed on that particular moment.
  I would recommend Qatar Airways to everyone firstly because they are willing to assist when needed and try to give you alternative options in order to satisfy you and help, secondly their cabin crew were amazing especially for long flights they give you the best services in-flight. Qatar Airways give you the maximum support regardless of your cabin class, I like Hamad international Airport, the seats were comfy. Hope they keep their excellent services high and meet the customer’s expectations .
  Sydney to Doha in February 2022. After being told I would be seated in an empty row by ground staff, I found that the row was not empty at all. I requested a paid upgrade to business at this point, and the staff refused. The staff were just so indifferent. My seat was the one right before the toilet, so that was gross in itself and getting any kind of rest on this  flight proved impossible. My food was quite gross, and was massively downgraded after it being quite acceptable previously. I had only traveled economy with Qatar before, and found it to be pleasant enough, but the quality on this flight had massively dropped.
  Flew into AMS from LHR with my Older disabled Mum on BA flight, Due to staff issues, AMS was in total mess with 3-4 hours security lines, If we were to collect our luggage and check them in with Qatar Airways, we would have missed our flight to BKK. Had to fly onwards with Qatar Airways without our luggage. A lady called Lauren whom I believe to be the Assistant Station Manager at AMS airport, went out of her way in assisting us - providing personal assistant and making sure that our luggage were rushed to us in BKK the following day. Also A gentleman called Nabeel, a Premium supervisor at Al Safwa lounge also assisted us and made sure that our luggage were received well. People like Lauren & Nabeel are rare assets, QR should be proud & Lucky of having. Thanks to those amazing guys & the great others at the DOH airport & onboard who once again made flying Qatar Airways such an amazing experience as we have always know it to be.
  Thiruvananthapuram to Doha was a wonderful journey with Qatar Airways. Service was beyond the expectation, even though i was a traveller from economy but it was a first class service.
  Best ever experience, the cabin crew and service are exceptional. Everything super clean, food was OK. Previously I flew in Business Class so I have some comparison - generally best value for the money.
  Staff are very helpful, friendly and efficient. Even the regular seats have plenty of leg room. Despite the delay in takeoff which caused missing my next flight the staff faced this issue with utmost accountability and apologetically so that I could enjoy the rest of my travel.
  It was a very pleasant experience, starting from the Check in right up to the baggage collection. There was an issue with my boarding pass, which also was handled in the best possible and pleasant manner.
  I travel in many airlines but the customer service of Qatar airways always stays at the top. The crew goes out of the way to help make the flight the least stressful.  I wanted to change the phone sim to switch to the US network. I did not have the pin to open up the sim tray. I requested the flight attendant, Mr. Rohit for a pin. He removed his lapel badge and handed it to me so that I could use the pin to open the sim tray. He could have just turned down my request. I was truly impressed by his readiness to help with a smile especially after a long transatlantic flight! Qatar airways can be proud of their outstanding crew!
  I love the new seats by Qatar Airways ergonomical and comfortable for long haul. But I would like to give a special mention to the stewardess who attended me. I sat on seat 51C. She was Thai nationality  and her attentiveness and her service is beyond 5 star. She makes everything possible to make our trip back home memorable. So helpful and always with a smile from beginning to end of the journey. 
  The service was good and the flight attendant was excellent. If memory serves, her name is Eman. She was an amazing flight attendant and she helped me a lot with my aunt, because my aunt needed some extra assistance and Eman was the one who helped her. Her service left a great impression on us which reflected on Qatar Airways in the end and made it as one of the best airways in the world.
  I checked my suitcase in 2 hours early. Then the flight departed an hour late. Boarding staff kept us all standing around until 15 minutes before the flight was supposed to take off before boarding us. After take off it took staff 2.5 hours to offer me a drink. When we arrived an hour late at Doha, staff rushed us through to the British Airways connecting flight. I still queried how my baggage was going to be rushed to meet the connecting flight and was told it was being taken care of. I arrived this morning in London Gatwick to no suitcase.  I am on my knees praying my bag is found. There were several other people also with missing luggage. Very upsetting.
  B777 1-2-1 Q-Suite configuration. Cabin was comfortable but ageing. Inflight entertainment was not as good as previous system. Food was delicious and healthy. Cabin crew were very professional and attentive. Good product but the Q-Suite seems a little cramped. The lay-flat bed was comfortable but for taller people your feet are touching the inside when fully flat. Q-Suite provided privacy and comfort. Double bed configuration was great for family flying. They have removed aircraft cameras from the in-flight entertainment.
  We chose to fly with Qatar Airways to the Maldives with our two young sons (5 and 8 years old). When we arrived at Heathrow we were informed our flight had only just departed Doha due to technical difficulties, which meant a 7 hour delay at the airport with 2 young children. We were offered a £40 voucher for the whole family for food and refreshments. We effectively lost a day of our holiday. When we booked our tickets, we ensured we selected flights which had a brief (< 2 hour) stopover in Doha and we paid a premium compared to options with a far longer stopover. Shortly before our holiday we received a notification of a change of flights which meant we now had a 6 hour stopover in Doha for the return journey - something we had wanted to avoid with our 2 young children. I contacted Qatar by telephone (no easy task) to request an alternative flight but this was not possible and no explanation was given for the change. On arrival in Doha, the Qatar Airways transfer staff were unhelpful and not interested in providing us with any lounge access to allow our children to rest (we were in Doha airport from 10pm to 4am local time). We tried numerous lounges at Hamad International Aiport and were willing to pay for access but nobody was able to help us.  We tried to reserve premium seats on some of the flights via the Qatar app, but each time we were unable to complete the additional payment. I contacted Qatar by telephone to reserve our seats but was told I was not able to do this because I booked through an agent (Expedia). I contacted Expedia and was told I needed to contact the airline to reserve ‘preferred’ seats. I contacted Qatar once more and spoke to a different associate who advised me that I could indeed reserve these seats after all. This whole process was convoluted and time consuming and a demonstration of the poor customer interface and lack of staff training. This was our first experience with Qatar Airways and will be our last. 
  The change in aircraft, makes flying with Qatar unpredictable. I booked a Qsuite, but there was a change in aircraft type, and I ended up with a rather mediocre type of seat. My flight from Warsaw to Doha was ok in terms of food, but the service was not what I was used to. The inflight manager did not greet me as a business class passenger and Platinum member. There was no candle and no salt and pepper dispenser for my lunch. Also, no amenity kit for Warsaw to Doha flights. The Doha to Bangkok flight was better, with a caring inflight supervisor and better service. Unfortunately, I booked a seat close to the galley. The crew was rather lively throughout the night, which kept me awake. Considering that Qatar airfares are already well beyond pre-Covid times, and the fact that cost cutting measures are still in place (e.g. the apparently permanent closure of the lovely flagship lounge at BKK airport), makes me think twice before I book Qatar again.
  The seats were comfy and the service during boarding was really good. However the moment the aircraft was in the air the service slowed down, and one needed to buzz them for service. I'm not sure what all the staff did back there.
  The flight from Cairo to Doha was delayed 2.5 hours. The agent didn't inform me that they're going to re-book the second fright from Doha to Chicago to later time, making my layover 20 hours instead of 2:45. The agent at the boarding gate at Cairo assured us that we'll get accommodation taken care of once we arrive in Doha. In Doha, the customer service in the Transfer area was far from professional. They kept us waiting for 2-3 hours in the transfer area, and refused giving us any rooms claiming that Egypt is red listed due to COVID.  They refused to give us access to lounges to get some rest before our 15 hour flight. They said they're not responsible for what the agents said in Cairo, and they didn't witness the conversation.  3 meal vouchers were added to the boarding pass, two of them worth 30QR, and the third worth 60QR. 
  I have a excellent experience in this flight. The crew are very accommodating and friendly (Eloisa and Mohamad). Also thanks to Eloisa for referring me the mariner lounge.I have great time staying at Doha airport while waiting for my connecting flight.
  Qatar Airways always deliver superb service. The service is the best, the food is amazing, and the new Qsuite is the best ever. I will highly recommend this airline.
  I had a little problem at the check-in counter in Barcelona that was solved thanks to the attention and the comprehension of the ground crew. The pilots were great, nor only we took off on time but we also landed a bit in advance. The meals were worthy of 4* restaurant and the selected wine was perfect (as a French citizen, it makes the difference). The cabin crew assigned to my seat were great in dealing with my vagal uneasiness, they gave me a 5* service while I was feeling so unwell. I am looking forward to flying with them again soon. 
  Overall experience was very disappointing. Both my flights to and from were delayed and made me miss my connecting flights. They gave my seat to another passenger on my connecting from Doha to Dubai, and the customer service counter was very unfriendly. I had to wait 7 hrs for the next flight, and all they gave was a food voucher for a food court.
  Every time I fly with Qatar Airways the service and quality of product just seems to get better and better. This flight from Sydney to Doha was no exception. The aircraft was immaculate and the staff (in particular Nisha who looked after me) were incredible. the food is exceptional and the service is to match. I cannot recommend this airline highly enough.
  High quality service and great dining options always make for an enjoyable flight. QR42 to Doha was no exception in this regard. I would highly recommend Qatar Airways who set the benchmark for premium service in business class.
 Qatar Airways set the standard for service and comfort with their Q Suite product. There is nothing like it in business class and faced with the long flight to Australia, there really isn't another choice. In addition to this the service is exceptional - the stewardess on QR904 made the journey so pleasant and looked after me (and the other passengers) with great attention and professionalism.
  I am a frequent traveller and have had an opportunity to travel via multiple air lines, My tour on 12th March, 2022 with Qatar Air Ways flight QR070, was first one but was very best. I was first class treatment in an economy class cabin. The hospitality and co-operation from cabin crew was extra ordinary. Food was delicious, air craft was well maintained and facilities were impressive. The crew members were professional, organized and helpful.
  I had a complaint, I initially contacted them via Twitter but, all I got was the same message back every time asking for details (which I gave, more than once) and they just followed up again, by asking the same questions. I booked 2 x Business Class tickets for my wife and I, Hong Kong to London via Doha) on January 22nd.  Hong Kong to London was successful but then Qatar Airways cancelled the return journey. The return was London to Hong Kong via Doha on March 29th. I called Qatar Customer Services Team to see what options we had to change the routing of the cancelled flight and / or get a refund and my call was handled by a lady who was poorly informed re any options, and was quite rude and eventually when I questioned her she hung up on me.  I requested a refund but no refund has been received. 
 London to Doha. This was my return portion of my trip so my flight was a BA flight number and I truly enjoyed the A380 experience. Even though the product was dated as it is the only aircraft type that Qatar Airways has first class on, but even business class is the old product but it doesn’t mean it is not good - it is better than most of the competition. The Wi-Fi was very slow and I did not use the entertainment system. The food was the best tasting and presentation I have ever had on any flight I have taken since I started flying in the early 1970s especially the scallops and ossobuco. The Caviar was more on the cheaper Sevruga type and the strawberry pie was masked with too much sugar to give your taste buds a chance to see it’s quality but to put an item on the menu as “Qatari grown chicken“ does not do any positive advertising for the country because it does not show these chicken are free range or organic fed or even antibiotic free - that issue has to be addressed sooner rather than later. The cabin staff were excellent.
  Qatar Airways and British Airways flights between Doha and London are codeshared between the two airlines so I always book the the flights under BA codes even if I fly with QR because of the generous BA baggage policy. I wanted to take the opportunity to fly one the A380 as the were slowly taking to the skies. The first class on the Qatar Airways A380 is dated but very spacious and the washrooms are huge, the entertainment system was tripping throughout the flight, the cabin crew were very friendly. The caviar was good and the halibut was tasty but the portion was small. I also took the Asian snack close to London but it was bland and I just couldn’t eat it.
 My flights between JFK and Doha have been excellent service except for the rock hard bed. Surely a padded mattress could be available. Between Doha and Sydney on much older planes. My return flight from Sydney to JFK no lounges open in Sydney Airport and a $70 voucher to use but only two fast food places were open, the lounge in Doha full but a great shower available. Boarding had passengers herded into a small area with not sufficient seats and no boarding until the last passenger went through security. 
  Excellent service by Ms Khusboo On Sunday 3rd flight Doha to Kolkata was delayed but it’s ok I had enjoyed my time at the airport. I have a privileges membership so I requested window seat & meal preferences but unfortunately, both request is not available and I understand. But Once I checked in on the flight Ms Khusboo support me with my handbag. My seat screen was not working and she offered me another seat. I highly appreciated kind of hospitality she followed up with small request highly appreciated.
  Like many airlines QR charge for seat selection and lounge access. Yet having changed the first outward plane from the original booking 4 months earlier, my seat was changed from 2K to 10K. Although QR had my phone and email, at no time did the airline attempt to contact me. At the airport I refused to sit in the second cabin. It was only thanks to a member of the ground staff who persuaded someone in 3K to change with me. The lounge at BKK was not the Qatar Airways lounge but the miserable Miracle lounge. The flights themselves were vastly better with one exception. The seats are extremely comfortable and sleeping is relatively easy. The 777 and A350 had the Q suites. I enjoy these on the 777 but the cabin feels quite cramped on the A350. Meals were excellent but the movie selection was boring and seemed geared more to children. The one exception was departing EDI. With the cabin crew arriving late, we had to stand in line for about 25 minutes before boarding started. The three wheelchair passengers were naturally allowed priority. A few minutes later business class was boarded but with the wheelchairs  still at the end of the airbridge we had to wait another 20 minutes or so before they could be boarded. I looked forward to a hot towel and a glass of rose champagne. Quickly other passengers were being served while no FA bothered to take my coat. I finally had to ask to be served, being the last in the cabin to receive any attention. This was another disgrace as with glasses being quickly collected as the aircraft having started to taxi to the runway, I managed only three mouthfuls. I have taken QR several times on this route and used to enjoy it. Business class on all flights was full but that is no excuse for the problems.
  I believe Qatar Airways is the best airways with affordable price however they sell tickets with shorter layover and may change the flight layover time. They do offer cancellation options but that’s just the game.  I always try to fly on Qatar Airways but if it’s uncertain I will think twice before I buy it’s tickets again.
  A last minute downgrade of aircraft. Almost all my Qsuite bookings over the last few years changed due to aircraft change to inferior business class seats.  On the ground in Doha all 4 flights used buses to and from the aircraft. It is not a big deal for arriving in Doha, but the departure area for remote aircraft is like always crowded, often no seats, shouting and screaming of gate staff, since no loudspeaker announcements.  I noticed this time a decline in onboard services, I requested not to eat, just to keep my glass of water full. This did not happen. On the 5hr flight from Doha to Warsaw, there was no set of earplugs in the kit, just socks and eyeshades. Catering was as usual very good, and they finally got rid of that bad safety video, which I had to endure for so many years. As a longtime Qatar Diamond to tier member, I have been a huge fan of the carrier, but I am concerned about the declining standards.
  This is the first time that we have flown Qatar Airways in a premium class and what a treat. The first flight was business but was so comfortable with such excellent service, attentive staff and delicious food that it was like many other airlines first class. The short second flight was first class and I wished that it could have been just a little longer. The transfer at Doha was straightforward and although we arrived in Muscat very early in the morning, we did not feel the usual burden of travelling at all. It was definitely part of the holiday and we are looking forward to travelling to other destinations with Qatar Airways.
  I wish to express our heartfelt appreciations to the excellent caring and professional service of Qatar Airways. On our recent flight on QR 853 on Wednesday 23 March from Kuala Lumpur to Doha enroute to Washington DC My wife was feeling quite unwell coupled with the late night departure. She tripped as she entered the aircraft. The stewardess caught hold of her and prevent her from falling and kindly walked her to her seat. Throughout the flight the cabin crew check on her! On arrival at Doha for our next flight via QR 707 to Dulles, a wheelchair was waiting for my wife at the ramp & she was wheeled to an electrical Vehicle that took us to the boarding Gate for our connecting flight The attention and care by the cabin crew and the ground staff was beyond what any passenger would expect. May I offer my deepest gratitude and appreciations to Qatar Airways and the staff that assisted us during the flight, Qatar Air have our votes for being the most efficient airline. 
  I have flown with Qatar Airways many times the past year but this time it was my sons first flight abroad. The air hostesses really made sure that he being a toddler, was catered for and always checked up on him. He enjoyed every meal and treat that was given and the variety of movies kept him busy. I feel that being a silver member that my wife and son should receive the same access given to me.
 Q-Suite Quads. While initially impressive, of two minds. Foot well narrow for a taller person. As suspected, a little awkward if you cannot fully fill up the space (we were an adult family group of "3"). On super long run DOH-IAD, middle aged man placed his elderly father in last seat of Quad then took the window seat nearby and closed the door and went to sleep. Dad became a tad agitated during the night, banging the walls and slamming the retractable "wall" up and down. I took care of my elderly parents so I understand. As cordial as we were, he was probably unnerved by the "strangers" around him. After checking on him, immediately notified an attendant and purser to wake the son so they could change seats. Eventually settled down but not particularly restful. Catering hit or miss (but premium wine cellar). Qatari farmed chicken "leg" (didn't specify that on booking menu) main truly disgusting full of bones and gristle. Turkish Airlines Business catering superior and consistently good. Flight attendants genuinely lovely and warm and enjoyed conversing with them though a few perfunctory and one of us always inadvertently got skipped for breakfast. They always tried to make up for it by preparing a nice plate from what was available but thought the service would be more polished. Would consider flying again if the price were competitive but all agreed, a tad overrated and and underwhelming experience (especially since they are constantly touting all the awards and accolades). Al Safwa First Lounge at Doha-Hamad Airport an oasis with stunning contemporary architecture and design.
  Flew SIN-DOH and DOH-CPH on a new A350-900 and Boeing 787-9, respectively. The flights were on time and aircrafts were new. Qantas lounge in Singapore is good but close early. Referred to SATS lounge which is 2 steps down but still OK. In Doha, The Al Mourjan lounge did the morning job, and I got a nice shower. Boarding in SIN by jetbridge and later in Doha by queuing up and scrambling in bus to the remote aircraft. Was given a full 3-seats section on both flights to allow for stretching out. No dinners nor lunch was served onboard, only a sugarish mini-snack. Drinks offering is meagre, though a sparkling wine is offered in economy. Teas were good. Breakfast sessions prior to landing was good, I had a curry fish with rice. IFE top notch and easy to use. IFE world class, user-friendly, large monitors, touch-screens, plenty of new and old movie offerings, and headsets were provided. These days there is ample space in economy class while business appear almost full. FAs are plenty, they pay attention, though not overly generous with provisions. Recommend.
  The airplane was amazing. The food is the best food I ever had in an airplane. The service is amazing and the staff is excellent. The night bag was not really rich.
  We just flew from Milan to Brisbane Australia and back, and we would like to thank the company and all the crew of our flights for the excellent service provided. It was the first time for us with Qatar Airways, and we were delighted by the comfort of the plane and the care given by the crew, which is not ordinary compared to the other major airlines I flown with before. We will be more than happy to travel again with them in the next future.
  Excellent seats. Quite comfortable, substantial recline. Adjustable headrest had a decent range of travel. Food was excellent. Crew were cheerful and very polite. Service was great. In flight entertainment was satisfactory, the screens were a great size, movie selection was decent. Left a bit late from Johannesburg, however it was not a Qatar Airways problem but instead there was a gate availability issue. In spite of a tight connection in Doha, we made our flight due to being expedited through security and guided by Qatar Airways personnel toward our gate. Arrived in Chicago ahead of schedule. Very satisfying flight experience.
  The airline has very great staff and it is cheap because I went with economy and the seat comfort was so cozy. The ground service was very fast and the food was so tasty. I was very happy with Qatar Airways.
  What an amazing airline. I was travelling with my family back home to Canada from Pakistan. Qatar Airways made sure that we have the most pleasant experience with them. My kids were provided with little stuffs toys and coloring books. I was provided with a pack of essentials stuff for my Infant like diaper, wipes, baby powder, baby lotion. Moreover, they even gave me baby food for my Infant which I forgot to request in advance. Service was amazing. Flight attendant are wonderful. Entertainment system is awesome. Food is Delicious. I would definitely rate this the airline 10/10.
  At checkin the staff said that we had upgraded to Business class for the DOH-MLE route and hadn't paid, so if we were to continue, we would be charged accordingly. This was not the case. When I quizzed how I could possibly have upgraded without paying, they agreed I couldn't have. A very helpful member of staff re-issued our tickets in economy after phoning reservations and after over an hour stood at checkin. No fault of his and he was a credit to the company. On board I felt the staff were efficient but never over-friendly and it was an hour and a half before we were even offered a drink. The whole experience was mediocre at best.
  Qatar Airways has always gone above and beyond in service but this time I was traveling with my pet. They handled the paperwork for at customs for me. I was given updates during the flight and even during my layover in the lounge, she was cared for - crate cleaned out, fresh water, treats given and she played. The process was smooth at my destination and my flight attendants even came to check on her in baggage claim. The flight attendants give excellent service and have great attention to detail. This is my favorite airline and each step of travel is pleasant due to amazing staff in every area of the journey.
  I wanted to pay and upgrade my seat to one with extra legroom for Doha to Seattle leg, I asked in Chennai Airport and they said they couldn't do it and asked me to do it in Doha airport. At Doha airport they told me it was too late and it cannot be done. 
  Flew 1st March 2022 on brand new aircrafts, B787-9 and A350-1000, respectively. Flights on time. Ticket purchase, upgrade by miles (2nd leg), ground services, ticket changes went smooth. I had to change a simple economy ticket 4 times. Only once I was charged additional (minimal charge). Check-in in CPH easy and quick getting all 3 boarding passes at once. This, despite I faced steep documentation requirements for final destination beyond Singapore to Papua New Guinea. Their cooperation with partner Air Niugini was perfectly coordinated and a relief. QR respect their elite members on ground as well as on board – for this trip there were no let-downs or real issues – their call centre was excellent, decisional, and cooperative. Lounge experiences: QR uses now the Eventyr Lounge in CPH which is a great improvement compared to the lounges they earlier used. Further, it is situated in non-Schengen area 3 Minutes from boarding gate. The Eventyr lounge is good, likely the best in Copenhagen - but it is still below world class. The best is the views, service, showers, and draught beer presence. Hot food only provides 1 dish while cold sandwiches are more diverse. No champagne and poor wines. They should open the balcony area to reduce greenhouse heating effect of the panorama windows which dominates the entire lounge. In Doha, the Al Mourjan Lounge is back to previous (pre-Corona) standards – lack of beer options are the biggest shortcoming. Good showers and very good relax/working options. CPH-DOH: I was given an exit seat but opted to take the only full seat section available next to the toilets so I could spread out with my things. Free WiFi for 1 hour granted, it worked well. Stewardess(es) were of high quality. Food good and are improving compared to just a few months ago. Sparkling wine (cava) offered in economy. The 2 wines were good. The new beers to replace the Heineken do not really provide improvements as they are also very dull, industrial lagers (Budwiser and Stella Artois). Arrived in Doha well pampered and in a splendid mood. DOH-SIN (night-flight) in business: Embarking in Doha at a remote gate by busses is a bad first impression for a business class ride. The Q-suites in business class are in my view completely overrated. These micro-cabins deprive passengers contact, air and view. Window access poor from those seats forward directed. If one sits backwards oriented, the window access is perfect but the direction is awkward to me. Seats and beds were excellent. The IFE is world class with updated movies, huge selection options, and the best I have ever encountered. Huge soft touch monitors. Smooth travel, reliable airline, flights on time. FAs excellent, 2 kinds: well-trained caretakers and less trained food-bringers. High class dining though without true dinner. The food was good but just “light, cold dinner snacks”. Cold lobster bites dont quite make it. Breakfast better, but merely neatly looking and served than actually tasty. Coffee and tea truly homemade and of high class. Drinks were World-class: 2 champagnes and 6 wines offered – all expensive and of high quality. Bollinger 2006 rose champagne was very tasty and sparkling one of the best I have had for long. One quality beer, Leffe Blonde, was outstanding. Pyjamas and Amenity kit given out.
  I flew business class from JFK to Doha and first class on to Cairo, Egypt and the cabin service was excellent on both legs.  Upon my arrival in Cairo I found out that my luggage did not arrive with me. After taking quite a bit of time to file the lost luggage paperwork, I was informed that I would have to return to the airport (one hour taxi ride each way) to pick it up myself. Luckily, the suitcase arrived the next day and I had built in an extra day for sightseeing prior to the start of my tour. It took $100 and 5 hours round trip to retrieve my suitcase. I saved the receipts and submitted them to Qatar for reimbursement - and they will not reimburse me because I didn't buy anything. Apparently if I had bought clothing when I was dead tired after close to 24 hours of travel, they might have reimbursed me.  But they didn't tell me this up front. They let me go through the entire process a few times before deciding not to reimburse me. So despite paying for a first class ticket, I had to lose a sightseeing day.
  I used Qatar Airways to fly from Cairo to Houston, the service was great, the flight attendants were very friendly. the plane was the newest model. My overall experience was good from the check in to landing. The crew very nice, the seats are comfortable, good food. I fly economy class and to date this has been my most comfortable flight. I will look for Qatar Airways  flights in the future!
  Qatar Airways is the best in the world and I received the best quality service from them. The cabin crew is the number one. If you want to be treated like a friend and cared like a friend, choose Qatar airways.
  I was thoroughly pleased with my flight. I really was surprised and had never had such a pleasant experience on an aircraft. Business class was fabulous, great staff, lounge, food, everything was perfect. I have flown to India via other airlines and have always been fairly disappointed. I try and fly business when i do super long haul trips for comfort and to arrive well rested and with less jet lag. Qatar Airways business class is a step above the rest as far as I'm concerned. 
  My congratulations to the Qatar Airways staff for maintaining excellence in their service. I would also like to express my appreciation to the Johannesburg Qatar Airways check in staff who handled the check in very well and very professionally. Once all required documents were submitted, I was checked in within a few minutes. I wish to express my gratitude tp the airline crew on both flights for their professionalism, and excellent service and for the excellent meals provided. Everything went well in terms of safe take offs and safe landings. I received my suitcases in Istanbul. I highly recommend Qatar Airways to anyone who would like affordability with excellence.
  We were looked after with great care and courtesy from check-in to disembarkation. The staff were delightful and the food was superb. The seats were very spacious and comfortable. We will fly with Qatar Airways again.
  Staff on both flights were amazing and helpful, food was very impressive as well, would fly with Qatar again. Left on time and arrived as per the scheduling, flawless flight.
  We had fantastic flights from Helsinki to Doha to Singapore. The pilot came out to say "Hi" to our son and gave a pin which made his trip. The ground staff was good and knowledgeable. The cabin crew and service was excellent. Top notch service on both of our flights. The food was good too and airplane was nice. Airline of the year 2021 well deserved.
  Flight was supposed to depart at 17:45 on February 5th from Zanzibar to Doha but  it actually departed at 23:30. Around 17:30 after Zone 1 was boarded, we see everyone coming back to the terminal. No one told us why, we were asked to take our seats in the terminal again. After approximately 30 minutes we are asked to go to boarding again. After boarding was complete, the pilot made an announcement telling us that he cannot start engine number 2 and that technicians were on the way. He then proceeded to ask us to get off the plane because they needed to completely shut down and reboot the plane and that it would be very uncomfortable for us to be inside the aircraft when that was taking place. He also mentioned that it would be a lot more comfortable for us in the terminal as we would have refreshments and be able to use the facilities. And so we offboarded and onto the terminal.  In the upcoming 4 hours we waited without any information, no update given to us, no one from Qatar was at the gates or in any way present. There was an announcement saying that we will get an update in 30 minutes but that update never came. We asked the airport staff several times and we were told that the staff is on the plane fixing it and that we will get an update. No update came. There was only one shop that only accepted cash for payment.  No update about our flight or the connecting flight that we had missed (QR 0161) or about what to do next. We were ignored and the situation was mishandled. No person from QA or airport staff asked us if we needed anything or offered a glass of water or any piece of information.  We understand and prefer to be offboarded from a faulty aircraft for our own safety, but they were not capable to offer water for 6 hours. 
  Everything I found on this flight was amazing and I was really surprised and impressed the Qatar Airways offered their services during flight. I have no doubt in saying Qatar Airways is the best airline in the world. Qatar will always be my first choice.
  To check in I found the economy class queue was clearing much quicker, they said the business lounge was closed and gave me $70 voucher that no shop in the Sydney airport food court accepted, then they send me on a wild goose chase to find their business lounge in Qatar as no one knew where it was located and was sent on multiple occasions to the wrong lounge. The quality of my food was disgusting with limited options for vegetarians. 
  Seats are  small. 13 hour flight Montreal to Doha had smaller seats than 45 minute flight Doha to Dubai on the same aircraft A350. That makes no sense. My food was terrible on all flights. Service was mechanical, no friendliness or effort to do more. 
  Qatar Airways remains, in my opinion, the best airline in the world for service, delivery and value for money. Whilst the A330 fleet is getting a little old, the on board service remains 5-Star - always warm, always personal and never intrusive. The whole experience from check-in, to lounge, to flight and arrival is exceptional. This is the airline others should compare themselves too as it sets a benchmark for consistent quality, reliability and service in the skies.
  It was a very good experience by flying Qatar Airways. Perfect check in, on time, comfortable seats, on board entertainment and good food served in a very short time
  
My experience was at best average, and a disappointment after having such high expectations. I purchased extra legroom in the emergency exit row. When I reached my seat during boarding there was the pillow, blanket, amenity kit, and headphones on my seat. I set them down next to my seat on the floor, as there was no where else where I could have access to them while seated. For take off procedures the flight attendant grabbed all of the items and put them into the overhead storage bin away from my seat. When I was able to get up, I could not even locate all of the items. My food was average at best and staff took so long to collect the used meal trays that passengers were bringing their trays to the staff workstation. My one beef with the entertainment system was that they played the same airline/airport commercial every time you watched a new show. When time my flight arrived in Doha we had to exit using stairs and board a shuttle to reach the terminal. And with all of the other COVID rules on masks and cleaning, why would you pack in passengers on a shuttle bus until it is very full. I sent a fairly comprehensive email to Qatar Airways that highlighted my disappointment, received an automated reply from the airline nearly two weeks ago acknowledging receipt of my email but I have heard nothing back since. Perhaps it is the highly rated business class product that is generating the rave reviews. But as for us coach passengers, I don’t understand how this airline could be number one. 
  We want to give a huge thanks to Sofia who was the air hostess of our flight QR21 from Manchester to Doha. Her service was outstanding and she went the extra mile and was very attentive and accommodating. People like Sofia make Qatar Airways different from other airlines. We found that our food in business class in Doha to Colombo, Colombo to Doha and Doha to Manchester was not up to standard.
 Totally professional in every way - Qatar Airways "did not put a foot wrong" throughout. Check-in at LHR were not in the slightest perturbed by the need to call Australia for authorisation due to the transit through Brisbane - they took it all in their stride as if it was a completely normal action they had to perform all day long. On board, the staff were all smartly-dressed and carried out their duties in a calm, professional manner. Their service was attentive and discreet, not overbearing and intrusive. The food was excellent and far superior to my expectations. As a final bonus, their fares were the lowest available for the route concerned. I would certainly fly with Qatar again in preference to a competing carrier.
  Our flights from Cairo to Doha and then onto Miami had outstanding service in the airport and on our flights. The airport was world class - clean, quiet, great shopping, very comfortable lounge (Al Safwa lounge) and informative information desks and personnel. The flights were a wonderful experience - the business class cabins were spacious and serviced by very helpful staff. We were taken care of by Jetiya and Jurgita, who were both attentive and an absolute pleasure. Looking forward to flying with Qatar soon again. 
  I flew from Doha to Medina, a 2 hr 30 min flight. I arrived at the airport 2 hours before the flight, smooth check-in process. It was a morning flight, the busiest time at HIA in the Departure area due to transit passengers from across the world. Boarding began on time, and pushback was also on time. The aircraft was a bit dated but it was comfortable and the IFE was as usual.  Food was great, and the crew service was the best. Landed at Medina Airport on time. I had booked a return flight for 5 days later. Unfortunately due to some circumstances I had to fly to Riyadh and I couldn’t make my return flight. I canceled via the app and rebooked from Riyadh. It was a prompt refund service and I received my refund ASAP. Overall great service. 
  We flew on 23rd November out of Adelaide with Qatar and the experience was absolutely wonderful. The staff were so helpful, we had loads of space, brilliant onboard entertainment and enjoyed the whole flight. Food was really good, and excellent choices, when I had my nighttime nip of whiskey they gave me a large measure and made a special trip to see if I wanted another drink. The plane was fairly quiet so after take of the staff assisted all in spreading out and getting a row each to make it comfortable. I will only fly Qatar now out of Adelaide. I personally would like to thank Qatar Airways for continuing to support Australia even when our national carrier stopped all international flights, it was the only real option to fly out of Adelaide.
  Flight from Warsaw to Doha uneventful; reasonably comfortable seat on the herringbone configuration of the Boeing 787-8. Catering and service top notch. The only negative point was the awful and childish safety video. Transfer in Doha uneventful. The nightmare started at the =bus gate, which is =chaotic and stressful. Not enough seats, overcrowded, no social distancing. The rude and clearly incompetent gate agent shouted at his staff and contributed to the already stressful atmosphere. Priority boarding is a joke at the bus gates, as priority guests are allowed to enter the plane last. The plane was an oldish A332 with the very old narrow business class seats. Due to the uncomfortable seat, no sleep for me. Service was disappointing. I asked for just a glass of water and no food after takeoff and had to ask again 2 hours later because they forgot about it. I really like to fly Qatar and I usually receive good service as a Platinum guest. But the inconsistency of seating comfort due to aircraft change and service onboard makes the trips rather unpredictable.
  Boarding was messy and delayed with no apologies. The staff don't seem too interested to be in that plane, I was ignored multiple times and each time the male attendant came to our seats he'd directly address to the male passengers next to me. My food was also not great, ran out of options and I'm left with vegetarian food. For a 9hr flight we were served 1 meal and a snack.
  Qatar cancelled my flight on 29th Jan, so I had to re-book it. Due to the failure of their online system I wasn't able to do it, so I wrote them a message. My message was ignored for 4 days so I had no other option that to call them, after waiting 30min for someone to pick up the phone, finally my call got answered and flights re-booked for 5th Feb. In the meantime I asked 3 times if the seats that I paid for will be assigned on this new flight and it was confirmed 3 times that they will. I checked my booking online and no seats were assigned. Had to call again and spend another hour to try to sort out situation. She said she is unable to do anything other than give us other seats, I asked for if she can check other flight etc. She wasn't willing to do anything. I had to cancel flights, find another airline and spend extra to solve the problem.
 Qatar Airways generous COVID policy made this flight. Air Canada's ridiculousness almost caused me to miss my connecting flight to Qatar, but the stress that could have caused me was completely alleviated by Qatar's staff assuring me that any cancellation prior to take off would receive a full refund directly to the method of payment. This generous policy during COVID times really made me very thankful and they deserve praise for it. That bumps up the review overall though, because the in air experience is not great. The on ground experience is perfect, with great boarding, great staff support, great call support, great privilege club benefits and so on. But in the air, I was greeted with an oldish plane and subpar seating. The seats were somehow smaller than even I've become accustomed to in recent years. The entertainment system was alright but slightly laggy, and the headphones provided were awful. The food was of acceptable quality, though the lunch provided between the two meals was subpar (it was a boring, bland roll.) The wifi is only 10 dollars but privilege club members get one hour for free. I believe students get it for free in general but I wasn't able to get that to work. The wifi was pretty great quality, easily able to support youtube streaming. Connectivity was good as long as you were over land and not water, obviously. Qatar could do quite a bit to improve their seating and entertainment. But in other customer service they were brilliant for this flight.
  I was booked to fly from London to Singapore via Doha but never got on the plane. 5 days before my flight, I started experiencing Covid symptoms and lateral flow tests showed faint positive results. Tried changing my flight under Manage trips on Qatar's site but with the same result; various options are displayed on the calendar but I selected one, the page would indicate 'There are no flights matching your search.' I phoned Qatar's UK helpline more than 15 times over several days and downloaded the Rebtel app to call its Doha line. The UK line went dead after I selected the option to speak to customer service and I remained on hold for more than an hour when calling its overseas hotline. I reached out on Twitter multiple times and all I got was an automated response telling me to call the helpline when I'd already made it clear I'd tried numerous times before and failed to get through. I did not show up for my flight and have not heard from Qatar.  In this era of Covid where travel plans are subject to change due to a volatile situation, travellers need assurance that they can change their flights. 
  Lost our luggage. Can't get through to anyone for help. My wife and I checked in 4 bags at the same time in Beirut, one of them never made it to Doha.  Reported right away, but it seems nothing is being done to track it down or contact us. Very disappointing and unacceptable - we need that luggage. 
  Heathrow check had to queue for approx 1.5hrs to check in luggage. Staff was allowing people to jump the queue not realizing that people in queue were all on the same flight. My in flight food was horrible. The cabin staff seemed like she would prefer to be anywhere but on that flight. Inbound  we had checked in online and saved two seats with email confirmation of our choice of seats. When we got to the check in at Male, we were allocated different seats at the back of the plane. When I showed them the email, they didn't understand how I managed to have that email and dismissed the email. The food on the inbound flight was better. We think we will avoid Qatar if we can in the future.
  I booked my Business Class ticket to Baku and received the ticket/email on the same day. On the day of travel, I received a phone call telling me that the flight is overbooked and if I can take the next morning flight at 7:30am. I told the Representative that this is not possible as I have Business Commitments early morning next day of travel, then he confirmed that no change will be processed. Upon arrival to the airport hours before departure, I was informed that Business Class is fully booked and there is no seat for me, so I will be downgraded to Economy Class. I objected on tat and he asked me to wait till he tries with other passengers. After more than 45 minutes, he returned back saying it is impossible to be seated in Business Class. I was forced to downgrade to Economy Class and raised a complaint for compensation, but  they offered me $125 which is not even equivalent to the time I will waste to fill the amount of documents they asked for compensation.
 The flight from Brussels to Doha was done with a 787 without Q suites. Service was outstanding however the meal - a breakfast - was rather limited for a 6 hour flight. Ample choice of very good wines including both regular as rosé Champagne. The amenity bag is also on the small size. There was constantly service of drinks during the flight . In Doha airport the passengers were brought to the airport by coaches - separately for business. I was happy to be able to eat something at the very luxurious business lounge at Doha airport very good service, good food and very good drinks. The short flight to Dubai was on a 777 with Q suites - a small tasteful meal was served.
 The flight from Dubai to Doha was done in a 350 with Q suites - a small but decent meal was served with a smile from Doha to Brussels in a 787 without the Q suites. I was happy that despite an early departure a lunch was offered instead of a breakfast - there was decent choice including lobster and nice fish. Great wines even including a Meursault and Champagnes both regular as rosé. Exceptional friendly service with attention to details.
  I am now enjoying the flight from Casablanca to Moscow via Doha. Everything is over expectations! On of the best airlines, in my opinion. Appreciate the professional service and staff.
  Manchester check in not good, disorganised shambles. To travel premium you expect less time to queue this was not the case at Manchester, 45 mins to check in. Flight then delayed after passengers hit the gate area, no social distancing, no queue control between passengers.  Onboard Qsuite is ok, lacks the little touches of other Middle East carriers such as Emirates; dine on demand was a no for me, drinks glasses are collected but I was not asked if a refill On arrival in Doha it was a dash to the lounge to grab a shower, but refused entry to the business lounge as the flight was due for boarding in 20 minutes. So off we go to the gate, 1 hour later still sat there and flight again late. Crew ask what you want for breakfast at this stage it’s was 8 hours away. I asked can I order after take off, no was the answer as limited food on board. Arrive in Cape Town to be meet at the gate  sorry u have no bags, go to lost luggage and fill out a form. 1st 2 days of the break trying to find out where the bags are, had to go buy essentials and clothes. After 36 hours bags arrived, no compensation. Day 6 we receive a schedule change for the departure is pushed back a day, day 9 another email to say the flight has been cancelled due to operational reasons and we apologise for any inconvenience caused. You can benefit from the flexible re-booking policy and change your travel date or destination free of charge within the same booking class (fare difference will apply), or request a refund for the value of your ticket to the original form of payment with no penalties or refund fees. Only problem as Qatar has already changed the flights no changes according to the system can be done, so it’s refund number 2 with Qatar and rebook with BA.
  This flight had a good hard product backed by poor service. There were a bunch of male flight attendants who did not care about their customers. The choice of menu items were not available, and the flight attendants were late to respond. They were more interested to sit and chat amongst themselves. The business class seats were fantastic with maximum privacy and excellent comfort though. Doha airport business lounge was also exceptional as it has always been. Overall experience was good except for the food availability during flight and poor service provided by flight attendants.
 Abu Dhabi to Brussels via Doha. It was such a perfect flight, crew was super helpful and flight was really on a high level of professionalism in terms of service. I didn’t even feel the time! My wife felt exceptional comfort, in fact we both had one of the best flights in our life.
  Overwhelmed by Qatar Airways in flight service in Business class from Chicago to Doha QR 724. Awesome experience. I would like to thank all the crew members (Lee, Tanaya, Ravi, Wioleta, Chutimon and Preet) for making it unforgettable and memorable flight. 
  Amazing experience, new comfortable aircraft, professional staff, great food and beverages served. Very comfy seats. Convenient transfers in Doha Airport.
  Without a doubt, Qatar Airways is 5 stars. Cabin crew is professional, caring and attentive. Airport is organised, clear signage and fantastic restaurants and Lounges. My only comment is to improve delayed flight information. Fantastic 5 star Airline.
 This review is with respect to the second leg of my journey from Doha to Munich. Considering an international 3hr 20  mins flight, Qatar Airways should have provided a better aircraft than the A320. The flight was packed with less seating space and difficulty in managing the cabin baggage. I had pre-booked a vegetarian oriental meal, the cottage cheese was quite hard and amount of rice was bare minimum. 
  I recently flew London Karachi route via Qatar Airways, and the service I received was exceptional. From check in to boarding, the staff were friendly and helpful. During the flight, I was well looked after. My earphones were not working properly, and they replaced them twice to ensure my in flight entertainment ran smoothly. I would like to give a shout out to the cabin crew who did a wonderful job with the level of service they provided.
  Check in fine. Boarding awful with not enough seating. Early snack a dry egg sandwich but full bar service. IFE poor and hard to navigate. Not a spot on regional rivals. My breakfast meal was cold and soggy. But more drinks served. Cabin crew fine. Toilet was a wet mess throughout. Cabin very cold but nice blanket and pillow. Some good things but nothing special. Never had been in all my economy experiences with Qatar. 
  Q-suites are not my thing. Even though the screen towards the Isle is nice my seat was so uncomfortable and rock hard and my feet squeezed in tight little wedge in front when you put your seat bed position. Asked when the would turn on the WiFi and the answer was "it's a new aircraft so there is no WiFi". It wasn't installed on a brand new aircraft. But as always the service is impeccable. Also miss the shoe box they forgot when they built the Q-suites!
  My flight from Sydney to Doha was delayed for 16 hours because of technical problems.  The staff said I'd get my accommodation and transport fees covered but I have got nothing. I had to spend an extra night of layover in Doha and I got no hotel arrangement even though Sydney staff said I would. I would not have taken the delayed flight if I knew U had to suffer an overnight at Doha airport. 
 Travel through Qatar has been very smooth and it was extra special during these times. Very clean airport and aircraft, super courteous staff. Good food and nice choices of meals. The Qatar app is an added bonus. I really like the baggage notifications that reassures the status of your baggage.
  Due to typhoon, my flight from Hong Kong has to be delayed to the next day. They right away informed me via app notification, email, and a phone call (following day business hour). It really put my mind at ease. They changed to an aircraft fitted with Q suite, which is like flying first class. Due to the delay, business class cabin was quite full, but it didn't affect the high level of service. Welcome drinks, pyjama sets, toiletry bag and all. Due to the pandemic, there was no magazines or any reading materials. However, there were printed menu and wine list. Crew wear a face mask. Food was served course by course in generous portion, there was no signs of any cost cutting. Inflight wifi was fast and steady too, only cost USD10 for the entire flight. Qsuite is one of the very best business class seats in the current market. The door gives you an excellent level of privacy. Comfortable large seat with sufficient storage space and comfortable for sleeping position. Throughout the flight crew presence is good, very pro active, they always come around and see if anyone needs a drink or so. A truly wonderful 9 hours just flew by, a very smooth landing. Plane was parked on tarmac, we had to be bussed to the gate. Biz customers get their own bus. Connecting in Doha is a bliss, with security procedures simplified. Fantastic huge Al Mourjan lounge with nice shower facilities and plenty to eat and get a rest. Next flight was on their new 787, fitted with new seats that also come with individual doors! Once again, meal was delicious and plenty, same excellent service all the way to Vienna. It really was one of the top best flight experiences I've ever had, especially after having stayed put for 18 months. It was a wonderful way to come back to traveling again.
 We were so impressed with the Q-Suite seats on this aircraft. The flight crew was very polished, professional and polite. The food was not just food it was a cuisine of absolutely delicious choices. From take off to landing we hardly knew we were flying. Qatar Airlines will now be my “go to” airlines when traveling abroad. I’ve already been looking at my next trip using this airline. Two thumbs up!
  Excellent service, customer centred, professionalism exhibited by the cabin crew, great wine and food selection. Clean and we'll maintained carrier, smooth and comfortable cruise, all working super wifi.
  The food on this flight was really poor. Lunch was a tough veal chop in gravy, desert a "gooey chocolate and cherry cake with whipped cream but it was served hard, cold and with a miserly speck of cream.  The Qsuite is great of course, but Air France inflight dining is far superior. In flight entertainment is ok, but I  don't like movie vision and audio being censored. 
  Have travelled on Qatar Airways several times, and never been disappointed. My experience was the best with Qatar airways. I would always book air ticket directly from the Qatar airways website , rather than aN agent, particularly in this Covid pandemic
  Boarding was a bit strange with no clear signage as to where business class was supposed to board. We went to one line but where told they were not boarding yet even though we showed them our tickets. After standing around for 10 minutes we noticed several people going to a separate line and being allowed through, turn out this was the line for business class. Onboard staff were very friendly and set up the Q-Suite for us. Service was prompt with welcome drinks served and orders taken for the meal. For some reason even though the flight departs at 01:45 Qatar serves a light supper instead of a breakfast option on arrival, chose the soup which was really good and then had one of the best sleeps ever on a plane. Qatar has to have one of the best products on the market at the moment and will be my carrier of choice if the route is convenient.
 This is my fourth time flying Qatar in business class, I have flown Qatar in the economy a few times in the past. While the experience of the flying economy was always great, flying business class takes it to a totally new level. I have flown business class with Emirates and American before, but none of them come even close to what Qatar offers. To start off, Qatar is the only airline that offers on-demand dining, it feels like I am in a 5-star restaurant, the food quality and the in-flight service are always superb, the staff both ground and in-flight are well trained and very professional. I am positive the business class experience in Qatar is better than most airlines first-class service. On my last flight, I chose a lobster dish for my dinner, I can honestly say it was better than any other lobster dish I have tried in many fancy restaurants. Last but not the least, the lounge at Doha airport is one of the best I have ever experienced, from the shower facility to the quality of the food, simply amazing. Please keep it up and I will always pick Qatar over any other airline.
  Service as always on point. Lots of children in business class. Qatar Q-suites even it's nice with the screen towards the aisle, the seats are hard and uncomfortable. I rather fly B787-8 without Q-suites and no Wi-Fi.
  Perfect, can't say anything else. Smooth check-in, comfortable seat, perfect service, great Covid-handling. Wi-Fi on board didn't work. Only downside is that Stockholm Arlanda Airport don't have any lounge service anymore. 
  This was my first time flying Qatar Airways from Abu Dhabi to South Africa, and my experience here was just the best if not excellent. I was in economy class but the service and experience I had was was just beyond my expectations. The Cabin crew where very kind and helpful at all times during the fight, food was so good and I was given proper cutlery not plastic. The best economy class I ever flew, please keep up the good work, I had ultimate satisfaction. Toilets were clean.  The seats arranged is the best so far and comfortable I could stretch my legs very well while seated the space between the rows is very big. So I managed to rest and sleep comfortably during my entire journey. See you soon on board again.
  After some flights with some american airlines, I realized again, that it's no comparison regarding anything with Qatar Airways. From planes, through boarding, lounges or services the difference it's fantastic. Amazing job Qatar Airways. This is the reason that I always choose you even if I have to fly longer. Thank you!
  The flight was not full. I was able to occupy the 3 seats giving me a comfortable flight for 14 hours. The cabin services were good and the FAs were very accommodating.
  The business class experience was good. The amenities are impeccable and the FAs services were personal and warm. The Q-suite lived up to its expectation.
  We were originally scheduled to fly SFO-DOH-MEL however due to Australian passenger arrival caps, the DOH-MEL sector was cancelled and QR offered to reroute us into BNE two days after our original departure date. This was sincerely appreciated, particularly given our experience with other carriers flying into Australia who cancelled close to departure without any help in rescheduling or rerouting. As always, the QR experience was top notch. The QSuite and bedding were extremely comfortable, food very good, wine list outstanding and cabin crew service exemplary. Check-in and transit in Doha were seamless. I was a big fan of QR before this experience, however the way in which they handled our re-accommodated into Brisbane has now earned them my loyalty. A stark contrast to other carriers flying into Australia during the pandemic.
  Travelled Hyderabad to Frankfurt via Doha in October 2021 with wife and 7 months old baby. Great service from Qatar Airways. They already knew what has to be done. No priority boarding at HYD but it was on Doha airport. Food was good.
  Booked a First and business class ticket and website says you can change a booking at no cost before the trip begins. On return leg passing through Doha I wanted to to change the booked flight to an earlier flight. Airline wanted to charge 1500 Euro to change the flight from Doha to Riyadh. I asked to downgrade to economy without paying and they refused. I asked to cancel this first class sector and buy an economy ticket and they refused. It was cheaper to buy a new ticket. I will never fly them again. 
  Initially my flight got cancelled and my transit time was 1 hour and a few minutes. They gave me a new flight with a transit of 14 hours.  On arrival to Doha, I had paid for a lounge when purchasing my ticket that gives me access to 6hours of the lounge. I had to pay another 55 USD so I can stay till my flight time. I will not be flying this airline in the future.
  The flight from Islamabad to Doha was full, lots of hand luggage. The crew barked orders at the passengers and stuffed the overhead bins with anything that would fit. On the flight to Tokyo, I had a row to myself and a very attentive and friendly crew, similar to other experiences I have with the airline. There was a scheduled 21h layover in Doha, but the airline stopped their offer for a hotel room for such long stays. If I hadn't inquired, I wouldn't have been told about the 1 meal voucher they offer. Everything except the food court is overpriced at that airport.
  There is no clear communication on documents to be carried for COVID. We had to do our own research then Qatar forced us to take print outs at an expensive shop in Zurich airport. They don't let you board even if you have 1 document missing. The trip from Doha to Mumbai was on an A320, no space for hand baggage. The flight was congested and dirty. 
  I have visited my husband 5 times I the last 2 years and have flown Qatar twice in those trips. Both times the flights are comfortable even though one of the flights is 14 hours. The food is good and the service awesome and they bring beverages often without having to call for service. There is plenty of leg room and seats are comfortable.
  Service on board was efficient and friendly. I feel that on all flights the comfort pack travellers receive is inadequate and not up to the standard of other airline standards. On the return, the check-in at Larnaca was one of the worst I have ever experienced. The was 1 business class counter and one bag drop counter. The agent on duty was expected to scan every travel document manually (although this information was in the booking already) which resulted in a minimum check-in time of 2o mins per pax and long queues. Two wheelchairs were booked for Doha; they were only aware of one. The system with the golf carts was chaotic and when questioned the staff said it was unavoidable as they were short-staffed. As we had a 7-hour layover in Doha we decided to use the "Quiet Lounge". The design of these cubicles is non-sensical: they contain either one uncomfortable, narrow couch plus an armchair and footstool or 2 chairs and a footstool. Neither is comfortable enough to sleep on and loads of space that could have been better utilized is available for hanging garments and suitcases. Qatar need to streamline their business class offering so that it is excellent in every way not just the seating on board.
  It was a good experience however I check-in 6hrs earlier before flight but I was seated at the back side of aircraft. I thought if you check-in early you'll get front seat. I was travelling for an emergency that's why I have no time to book/reserve a seat. Overall service was good as usual.
  This was the best flight I have ever taken. The business class seats and individual pods have been designed to be extremely comfortable and luxurious. Our attendants were friendly and accommodating, and it was obvious that passenger satisfaction and enjoyment were first and foremost. Our flight was over 14 hours, but it didn't seem like it!
  A long flight between NY and Doha. I would like to thank two wonderful cabin crew members who made the trip bearable, Safiya and Sive. Their services were impeccable, ensured a constant smile and always wanted to know how the travellers were fairing, and made sure that we were well taken care of throughout the journey. 
 First time flying Qatar in any class and I have to say I am impressed. Check-in was a bit slow but with all the paper work required it was to be expected. For what ever reason we were denied access to the lounge even though we paid for the full fare ticket, ended up using the priority pass instead. Lounge was average and if it wasn’t free I doubt I would bother. Boarding started on time with priority for business class given and we were soon seated. Welcome drink offered HD seat explained. Unfortunately QR have stopped offering Q suites from Munich, can’t be lack of demand as the flight was full. Staff were incredibly friendly and always on hand, nothing was too much trouble. Flight left and arrived on time.
  The best airline by far. Had a wonderful experience especially with the cabin crew. I never eat airplane food but this was different. The food was delicious, and frequent. Provided many beverages and snacks throughout the flight. The seats were comfortable, considering I flew with economy. One fault was the temperature inside the plane. I was freezing the entire flight even with 3 blankets on me, and the ac’s off. Ended up having a cold for several days after my flight. Overall a good experience and will definitely fly with Qatar airways again.
  The service was excellent. The cabin crew, especially those that attended to me were genuinely pleasant and warm. The food was good and the menu options were nice, especially for the Lagos to Doha leg of the trip. The other in-flight services the entertainment etc were top-class. Overall I was pleased.
  The flight was on time. All cabin crew are very kind and available for every single request, the food was nice and toilets are clean, the cabin crew Check it almost after every person. In my opinion is one of the best company in the world.
  It's not the first time i travel with Qatar Airways. I recommend it cause they are professionnel, helpful and in touch the application is easy to use. I contacted the customer service and I was quickly helped. At the end it's not the last time and thanks you for your service you deserve the award you have
  Wonderful experience flying with Qatar Airways. Professional, polite and helpful staff. I would especially like to appreciate Flight Purser Xavier. Absolutely above and beyond the call of duty. Going one step more than what is required.
 Qatar Airways is a respected, reliable and student-friendly airline. When I became a member of their Student Privilege Club, I was surprised by the benefits they offered me, such as free WiFi and additional baggage. The flight from Kyiv to Montreal via Doha was my first flight with Qatar Airways, and I can say that I was satisfied (even though the journey was too long and tedious). Qatar Airways has excellent service (refreshing towels at the beginning of the flight), they offer nice food (and the good thing is the online menu so that you can make a choice before your flight). The food was tasty, and the portions are big (I think I spend half of my time aboard eating). On the 5h flight from Kyiv to Doha, they offered 2 meals + snacks, on the 12h flight from Doha to Montreal, I had 2 meals + sandwich + snacks. The seats are comfy, the legroom in the economy is okay (but for long flights, if you have money better to take a business class). In addition to the standard kit - pillow + blanket - they gave protective kits on both flights and amenity kit on a long flight (that was actually very useful for me since I always forget my eye mask and earplugs). Regarding entertainment, they offer many movies + as I mentioned there is WIFI aboard, but it was not working quite often. I had a layover in Doha for more than 10h at night. The airport is nice and easy to navigate through. But the layover was too long. In general, my experience with Qatar Airways was pleasant.
  Extremely helpful and courteous staff — from the checking to the Al Mourjian lounge to the flight crew. I loved the q-suite, and the pressure and humidity helped me fly with zero discomfort. I slept soundly and enjoyed every minute I was awake. This airline clearly tops all of the 8-10 airlines I have flown with. JetBlue is a fairly distant 2nd. Saffron and cardamom teas were fabulous, though quite sweet, and the salmon salad was great. Wished the Arabic breakfast were offered!
  Absolutely top inflight service by friendly and smiling crew, great inflight entertainment, new aircraft. Catching the connecting flight in Doha was an overall pleasant experience - the airport, although quite crowded, did not feel stressful, and there was always someone from staff nearby to ask for help if necessary. I am already looking forward to my next flight with them!
  We have been using Qatar Airways quite a lot and we are happy with the airline. My wife booked a flight to Europe about 15 months ago but due to lockdown she opted for the credit and about a month ago she asked for a refund.  We emailed them asking for refund, the voucher was attached to the email. No response received. We called customer service, we spend 2 hours on the phone but couldn't action the refund instead they told us we will send you an email and ask for banking details No email received within 2 weeks. Called them yesterday; after 2 hour 14 min on hold the call was disconnected.  We emailed yesterday to a few email addresses and we lodged complained via my wife's account. Today an email was received stating; With regards to your concern, please be informed that we have shared your correspondence with our Digital Team. 
 Award ticket from KGL to CPH via EBB and DOH on 18/8-2021. Thought I could upgrade from Economy to Business, but their Privilege Club is further degrading and has abolished that option. Nowadays, it is almost impossible to pay and book online due to increased security causing it to be a several days’ project to issue a ticket. Award tickets cannot be booked without instantly paying taxes. And, online payments could not be effected from Rwanda due to code/country problems to receive OTP. Thus, even temporarily bookings can’t be made unless done directly by QR over phone at higher fares and lots of troubles involving use of other people’s credit cards. Check-In in Kigali easy, though must be in Airport 4 hours prior to departure due to Corona prevention measures. Granted Lounge access to Pearl lounge which is acceptable. Must pay for luxury beverages. But a variety of hot food and snacks offered makes up for it. All flights on B-787-8. Long haul Economy Class QR is top notch and matches economy+ on other airlines. They have improved economy class services since I travelled with them last time; 18 months ago. FAs are attentive and extremely concerned of elite travellers like myself – I have a fainting Gold Card, but was addressed by name throughout I was given the best seats possible in economy among options provided. Drinks were offered frequently. Call bells responded to quickly. Three choices of hot food on every long leg: plenty of it, and I got more if requested. No seafood, mutton, fish or exotic meat offered. English breakfast without bacon? Salads average and desserts were excellent. Sparkling wine (Cava) and wines. Beers offered are still embarrassing: only two, similar, dull lagers offered: Stella Artois and Budweiser – Heineken has gone but that does not add to the repertoire, anyway. The leg DOH-CPH offered two meal rounds. First, a Champagne brunch (3 meal options). Then, a heavy sandwich prior to descend. I was given 3 seats through seat-block for elite travellers. FFP-lounges in Doha are temporarily upgraded to become the Al Mourjan - even for economy travelers with card status. In CPH my luggage came out as the first. A pleasant travel. About as good as it gets in Economy.
  Kathmandu to Philadelphia via Doha. Marvelous, very comfortable and good hospitality. On Time. Qatar Airways is most preferred Airline in Nepal and especially in my school Modern Indian School, Kathmandu, Nepal.
  Exceptional cabin staff this time. I used Qatar Airways for my annual visit to my family in Germany. Yes - the check-in service at Frankfurt Airport could have been organised a bit better, I had to queue for ca. 45 minutes. However, I give 5 stars because the cabin service was excellent, especially during the last leg of my journey, e.g. from Qatar to Johannesburg. The stewardess attending to me responded to my queries with patience and friendliness - certainly relieving some of the stress so typical for long-distance travelling. 
  It is really meant to fly as the service for the customers so immense and caretaking. The hospitality with pride for anyone who really matters either business class nor the economy class. I suggest anyone try Qatar Airways.
  I contacted the Qatar Airways Call Center in March 2020 to cancel our int’l flights due to the pandemic and border closures. Turns out, they never processed our flights voucher credits properly (which they admit but still no resolution) and 18 months later we are still waiting. When you call the CC be prepared to be on hold for up to 1.5 hours if you can get into the queue. Numerous attempts to contact/resolve and still nothing. July 2021 CC sent Doha Sr. Mgmt a priority ticket to investigate and was told to call back in 48 hours. Nothing. Then told wait 10 days, then until after the holiday in Qatar, then the CC rep says you will have your new voucher numbers by July 31, 2021 by email. Nothing. Called Aug 14 2021 for update, nothing. Told that CC just initiated a second priority ticket to Doha. They couldn’t properly register my new email for communication (it’s changed since original booking). We are out of a lot of $$. 18 months later and still waiting for our voucher numbers that we are entitled to so we can rebook. 
  Excellent services, due to local lock downs in Bangladesh and lockdowns and red listing in the UK we had to change our tickets multiple times. Each time Qatar Airways changed the dates and gave us options that would cost no additional charges (well we had to be £23 total for 5 tickets being changed!) On boarding and landing service was excellent considering all the COVID restrictions. We did notice they had less staff members than previously but the did their jobs well. 
  I cannot fault this flight from Dubai to San Francisco via Doha. I chose to route via Doha instead on another airline direct based on reviews of the Qsuite and service. I was not disappointed. Easy connection in Doha with fabulous airport and lounge before the 15 plus hour to SFO. Q suite is spacious, I am 6ft 3. The wifi is good, the airplane a new 350-1000 quiet and beautifully fitted out, amazing service from the cabin crew, always answered the call button within 20 seconds, were charming and worked tirelessly. The food was superb, lobster salad, chicken machbous, cheese board all with amazing champagne brut and rose, claret, a cracking Beaujolais etc. All backed up with large 22 inch tv with music and films galore. I never sleep on planes but this flight slept 4 hours on comfy bed with White Co pj s, slippers and Brics washbag. To me and I have flown 40 years in premium class including Concorde this was best business class by far. Well done and I will use you again.
  We travelled on the QR260 flight from Warsaw to Doha on the 1st August 2021 en route to Maldives and had the most wonderful experience. Despite travelling in economy class we've been given a truly first-class treatment by a flight attendant named Petra. She's been attentive, professional, and truly went above and beyond our expectations. Despite the Qatar Airways app not registering our meal preferences, we've been sorted by Petra in no time at all and with a big smile. Outstanding!
  Truly amazing, cabin crew fantastic and couldn’t be any more attentive. I have flown with Qatar airways for several years and there is no better airline. I can’t express this enough.
  Nairobi - Doha - Boston, with a relatively short layover in Doha. The first leg of the flight was delayed and passengers had to miss their connecting flight from Doha, so I had to wait in Doha for a full day and night. Initially, the airport staff told us no hotel would be available, but they will try to get us lounge access, and directed us to the next customer service desk. When I inquired again about lounge access, they told us no lounge is available because the airport is too busy. We gave you a meal voucher though and here is a blanket. You can rest in the Quiet Room. And that was all the service I received for 24 hours. One meal voucher and a blanket. Since airport staff was not helpful, I called the Customer Service line to ask for some form of compensation given that no accommodation was provided, and missing the connecting flight was completely the airline's fault. The staff on the phone questioned me, "Are you sure? We have 5 lounges over there. Are you sure they are all full? Did you go to them to check?" When I asked about a  flight upgrade  they said "We don't do that." 
  Qatar airways offer on paper great value, sadly for us their customer support is very poor. The reservations system is clumsy and full of frustrating redundancies in terms of data input. You need to re-enter country of residence and nationality at payment time despite having done that already for the booking.  The problems arise when there is a bug and it becomes unavoidable to deal with a human operator. And this is where the nightmare starts. The operators, while usually courteous, are unable to do anything useful. In our case, they kept telling us there was nothing wrong with our corrupt data. In one instance, calling the Swiss desk, my call was broken and they would hang it up as we tried to call back. The Doha call center was easier to talk to, but they could not see, let alone fix the data problems. They made us believe that problems would be fixed at check-in or at the transit desk. Upon reaching the Doha stopover around midnight, we got kicked around from desk to desk (transit, to lounge, to ticketing, to upgrade before you fly. And at every stop,  "we can't help you here, but no worries, your solution is at the next stop". Nobody did the right thing when a system error is causing additional cost or reduced opportunity. On our previous trip, we checked-in to the Doha Al-Mourjan lounge with two paid up vouchers of which one was mysteriously not showing in their system. They treated us like suspects of having forged the voucher, it took 45 minutes of misery at 1 AM, with them absolutely refusing to let us take a rest while they investigated the bug, despite us offering them to take a debit on our credit card as a safety.  On the latest flight with them, we spent a night in Doha on a chair in a crowded, noisy hall because of the bug that prevented us for 10 days from booking the lounge which was part of planning this trip. 
  I had a flight from Tehran to Seattle via Doha. The flight from Tehran to Doha was late for about two hours. Because of the delay, I lost my next flight from Doha to Seattle. Flight delay can happen for whatever reason, and all airlines have a policy of how to handle such a situation and take care of their passenger. The problems started when we landed at Doha international airport. The Qatar airways assistance guided us to the "ransfer desk to arrange our missed flight. The "Transfer desk" had us wait right behind their door for hours to assign our next flight. In my case, I had to wait for more than two hours to get my next flight boarding pass from Doha to Seattle twenty-four hours later. Unfortunately, they didn’t offer any hotel, lounge, or a voucher to get a shower. Qatar Airways accommodations for their mistake and staying in an airport for twenty-four hours were two cups of coffee, two cookies, and a dirty blanket. Later at night, I went back to the  Transfer Desk to ask if they could give me at least a blanket that they did. However, it was dirty. So, I went back to Transfer Desk and I asked to talk to the deputy manager. Qatar Airways Transfer Desk deputy manager admitted the problem of the blanket, but she was unwilling even to touch the blanket they gave me 10 minutes earlier. 
  This was our first time flying since the pandemic and with 2 children under the age of 2. Our flight attendants from Auckland to Brisbane to Doha were very friendly and helpful with keeping our 2 year old occupied and also ensuring our 2 month old was comfortable. The food was delicious. I highly recommend flying with Qatar Airways, thank you for making our trip enjoyable.
  This was not my first experience with Qatar Airways, but I am sure, that it was not my last one. I can recommend this airline to everyone who likes to travel smoothly and comfortably. The stopover in Doha was not too long. Ground and flight service just perfect, without any problems. The procedure of booking the ticket, the price value ratio, information provided by the airlines (especially now when traveling during covid is a little bit complicated), the boarding and flight itself .. everything was organized well and did not pose any stress for the passenger. I definitely will choose this airline for my next trip.
  I travel a lot and I never thought Qatar Airways would be my best options for travelling to USA . The crew were lovely and so helpful on ground and in the plane, they were so friendly and professional, and they treat all passengers nicely. Doha Airport were amazing and the duty free has a lot of options. The most important that they were on time. The food were so nice and they will never let you miss a meal even if you sleep, the crew wake you up to ask you for food and bring it ASAP .
  Qatar Business Class Quality Service in Economy.  A number of friends recommended Qatar to us as we have never flown them before and departing from the Philippines our options were limited. To make matters harder we traveled with 2 rescue cats who are daughters rescued pre Covid, but they were unable to return to pick them up, so my wife and I flew them with us to the USA.  Outstanding. From Check-in in Manila the entire staff were fantastic, they genuinely cared, a special thanks to Angelika. Due to a hernia, I needed wheelchair assistance and the staff looked after me as if I was their own father. Food onboard great, service great from Manila to Doha. Then the long sector Doha to Miami, again excellent and more praise for flight attendant Ben. He immediately saw I had an injury and moved forward to assist with bags and that my wife and I were comfortable. During the long flight he checked we were ok. A top man and a genuine person. Thank you, Ben. And Oh yes, the kitty cats were well looked after, given fresh water and food in Doha, and are happy reunited with their mummy in the USA
  The best experience ever on board for me. The crew is very professional and helpful. Aircraft was so clean and the food is super delicious and tasty. Such a wonderful experience.
  I was dreading the 16 hour upcoming journey but the travel was nothing but pleasant. No unnecessary hassles and extremely supportive staff from starting airport till destination. Quality of food and other in-flight services was commendable. Availed the student club membership and got additional perks. Leg space did not matter much since I'm a short person but I am sure it would have been sufficiently comfortable even for a 6' person. Completely recommended for the available routes and I would be glad to travel with Qatar Airways again if and when situation and my budget permits.
 As it happens so often while flying Qatar, downgrade of aircraft type and therefore no Qsuite as initially booked. This happens very often now and the whole Qsuite hype becomes a joke. Service itself was impeccable with decent food and perfect service. Cabin wifi a waste of time.
  This was by far my best experience and first time flying with Qatar Airways. From the check-in at the airport to the kindness of the staff to the food to the service and surprises between meals to the cleanliness of the plane the Confort of the sits the film selection and the schedule respected it was a nice and perfect experience. You also get a one hour free Wi-Fi which is really nice and plugs everywhere to charge your phone. The pilots are not constantly talking, or staff passing by which make it very easy to sleep. And it was my first time to see a security video with men made by football players with humour. Loved it, and probably the first time I enjoy watching the instruction. I will definitely fly with you again and will recommend to my friends and family.
  I requested a refund 6 months ago, but I have not received the money back, even though repeatedly mailing and calling them once every month, and they keep reassuring me that the payment is on the way. I hope in the end I will get my money back.
  It was my first time traveling with Qatar airways, it was fantastic trip with them. All I can say honestly they are the best airline. The service, the food, the way they treat you is phenomenal. I recommend you to travel with them!
  It was my first time flying Qatar Airways and overall they have seemed to impress me a lot. I flew in Economy class and they offered me a small amenity kit and a hygiene kit. Even during the pandemic, Qatar Airways offers cold refreshing wipes which is a really good touch. The seats offer lot of legroom however you can always pay extra and get an emergency exit seat . The IFE is good,  its latest, however I would love to see more variety. The inflight meals were really good, I had three options to choose from both of my flights. On the Boston- Doha, they served 4 meals consisting of dinner, 2 hot snacks and 1 breakfast. The crew was really nice and friendly, they made sure everyone had a good time. Qatar airways also offers wifi where for 60 minutes every passenger gets it for free and if you want for your whole journey, you can pay 10$ which is a pretty cheap deal compared to Emirates that charges more. The wifi is so fast that you can do video calls as well. Overall a really pleasant journey with Qatar Airways and Cannot wait to fly them again.
  When I arrived at Bangkok airport late at night in time for my 3am flight I was denied boarding because the check-in staff did not acknowledge the entry requirement exceptions even though I had plenty of documentation to prove them with me, even a letter from the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs. I was stranded at the airport and had to make my way to find a hotel in town. Even though my exemption for certain entry requirements has been confirmed by literally every official venue in Italy, Qatar Airways won't acknowledge that I was wrongfully denied boarding and claiming any sort of compensation for their mistake has been an uphill battle of repeated dismissals. I was moved to the next day's flight I also didn't get my vegetarian meal.
  The least that can be said about this trip that it was amazing. Since checking in with ground service at Melbourne till landing in Doha, the experience at Hamad Airport and then flying to Dubai. A quick note on the airport: my layover was 19 hours, and I would do it again without hesitation. Absolutely a wonderful airport. Flight attendants onboard are extremely friendly, very polite, and very helpful.  You feel it is personal care.  When food came, delicious is the minimum that can be said. Jeffery, Ghita, Maryam and Sabriya provided us with a service made us feel literally on Cloud 9. This was the flight left Melbourne on Fri, 14 May. Later on my component flight through Kuala Lumpur was cancelled by Malaysia Airlines. Qatar Airlines were able to replace with a direct flight Doha to Melbourne at no cost. This was very pleasing to myself and my family.
  The May 19 flight was announced as a cancelled flight while waiting at the gate when all passengers have already checked in. The cancelled flight was rescheduled the next day but was delayed for 3.5 hours.
  The infight Filipino crew were the best. They were able to provide excellent service to all passengers. Requests made by passenger were given full attention and services provided were genuine.
  During my 2nd leg of the flight, Doha to Jakarta on Apr 20, 2021, I was touched by the friendly gestures from the flight attendants who noticed that I did not have time to enjoy my favorite Karak Chai during suhoor (due to busy serving time). Before we landed, she slipped some packs of Karak Chai for me to enjoy during iftaar. That was a thoughtful and nice gesture which helped me go through the next 5 days in quarantine hotel during Ramadan. Thank you Qatar Airways!
  Helsinki to Doha. One of the best airlines to fly with. Safe, reliable and on time, especially in Covid times. Impeccable service, great attitude from ground and in cabin staff. High level of service quality.
  I have been using Qatar Airways for many years and find that every trip never disappointed me even during this pandemic. The QSuite is great for a long flight that gives the privacy and space for a light sleeper like me. Qatar keeps up the comfy relaxing as well as reassuring of the cleaning standard throughout the flight. The cabin attendants are professional and friendly, the lounge at Doha is awesome to take a short walk to stretch your legs before connecting to another flight.
  Due to the pandemic, I wanted to fly back to Barcelona through a reliable airline. Qatar Airways had an appropriate flight schedule and adequate safety measures pertaining to Covid. I am a student, so I was able to take additional 10 kg luggage by enrolling in their Privilege Club. Also, high quality meals and a variety of special meal options to choose from enriched my flying experience. In fact, the airline does Asian Vegetarian Meals perfectly. Additionally, comfortable seats, good in-flight entertainment system and friendly crew are things to ask for in a flight. Finally, the layover at Doha Airport was a relaxing experience. I would recommend flying with this airline and would consider travelling with my family in the future through it.
  Qatar Airways has become my preferred airline.  They make you feel welcomed at all times. During the pandemic and in times like this, they make us feel safe. They keep on ensuring all health and safety requirements are met. What stood out during my recent trip were 2 main things. When confirming my meal preference, I was greeted by “Welcome Back” and that just made me feel recognized. They know their customers well and never miss out on any meal preference requested or any detail that could make you feel comfortable. We had arrived slightly late to Doha and I didn't have much time left to catch my second flight. But qatar airways ensured that everyone going on a connected flight was escorted to their next gate and on time. The attention to the small details have made Qatar Airways stand out by far and that is what counts.
  My wife and I had to relocate from Canada to Australia as part of my work transfer during the challenging COVID times and we were apprehensive and stressed about enduring long flights with no risk of exposure during the travel. We are glad that we chose Qatar Airways who made us feel safe and relieved. Transfer desk staff at Montreal were friendly and helpful in sorting out some last minute challenges on travel clearance. They gave us a meal voucher since all business class lounges were closed in Montreal airport. Boarding was streamlined to ensure social distance. Upon boarding the crew introduced and explained the cabin features. The amenity kid, COVID PPE kit, duvet were all ready at the seat and the crew offered the pyjamas. We chose the refreshing lemon mint signature drink prior to take off. The Qsuite is truly a first class business class suite with great comfort and privacy, could not ask for anything more. The couple suite rear facing was great offering us more personal space with the divider removed. The beverage and meal service was prompt and on demand. We miss the trolley service where you get to choose the options and appreciate the presentation but that is understandable during COVID times. One of the cabin crew was convincing my wife hard to have the breakfast since she skipped the dinner service. The crew wear their full PPE including gown and safety glasses and the passengers are required to wear masks at all times. The washrooms were kept clean at all times, however I felt the A350 washrooms bit smaller than the B777 ones. The transit experience in Hamad airport was smooth and refreshing. The 3 hours went by quick with shower facilities, spacious seating options and dining options on the upper level. The stand out was the consistency of care, genuinity and hospitality of the cabin crew - makes such a positive difference and validated our decision of choosing Qatar Airways especially during the challenging Covid times. Hands down, I recommend Qatar for their quality and care of service and safety.
  I am a Frequent Business Traveler predominantly opting Emirates Flights. This is the first time I am flying with Qatar Airways as there are no flights from India to Dubai due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The services provided by the cabin crew was the best till date I have seen. The cabin crew Princy Rani Vijayn was very friendly, caring, soft-spoken and attentive. When i told her that I am from Kerala she came and introduced herself. I am a gold member of emirates but from now on i will be considering to mostly fly with Qatar Airways. 
  I am very impressed. Onboard services were simply unparalleled. Great is an understatement. Bathrooms were cleaned almost after every passenger used them, really impressive. Super friendly crew. The plane was great in terms of features. Non touch bathroom flush, big bathroom sink, very comfortable seats with good room. The food was amazingly tasty and very generous portion.
  Been flying between Inda and US for the past 20 years. I am a platinum Etihad, Gold Emirates & Singapore-Kris. Booked on Qatar Airways due to availability (all others cancelled due to COVID bans). First time on Qatar. Very happy to be on a Qatar Airways  flight. In flight service is great. Food is excellent. Doha is a very clean and convenient transfer point. Kids too felt very comfortable. I will definitely fly Qatar Airways.
  We were offloaded from the plane as our daughter had no PCR test.  We discussed with the airline staff who told us this is a airline procedure. we were told to call their call centre. it was impossible to reach their call centre. We tried at the airport, we called the local number, their international number and the Dutch privilege card number. I heard endless tapes how flexible and stress free flying with Qatar would be, but no agent. Subsequently i wrote to Qatar, who answered me informing that it was my mistake, and they told me to contact them (referring to the same call centre). We then contacted a travel agent and we got a call from Qatar. They told us that we could book a new ticket and they would deduct the unused legs of the flight, some 750 euro worth. I told them that I would prefer to pay with the voucher they promise on their website: that was not possible, except if I waited 3 weeks. i could could use the remainder of the refund  for the any upcoming flight.
  I was not allowed to board my flight from Qatar to Iceland via Denmark. The staff said that transit through Denmark was not allowed for non-EU citizens, when the latest guidelines (Denmark regulations claimed otherwise). The main issue was the almost non-existent customer service to address the issue. I provided an email from the Denmark immigration supervisor stating I can transit through the airport. I provided all this information to staff. The staff then claimed I was denied entry because I did not provide a 48 hr Covid test. I provided records of my  72 hr pcr test and even my vaccination certificate. The staff then told me to call back for a update. To this date, after providing all the justification, I have yet to receive justification why I was not allowed to board my flight after meeting all the requirements, or help in rebooking my flight if a mistake was made. Throughout this whole ordeal, no one from has made any attempts to make contact with me to resolve the issue. All the communication was initiated by me (through numerous phone calls, supplying information on email to both airport operations team and customer care, and visiting the airport customer service desk). 
  Doha to Chicago on 30th April. Evasive phone numbers, and no customer service email address? Their policy states that if a flight is set back more than 3 hours, other than weather, or an act of God,  you will be refunded. After having to offload and reboard a second plane totalling nearly 4 hours, one would think you'd be compensated. Especially after missing the next flight, and setting me back another 9 hours. After countless hours trying to get someone that will actually listen you hear the words, we are not responsible, nor refundable. The rudeness and evasive accountability is astounding. 
  My flight was just wonderful. I've never experienced anything like it. The staff was friendly and very attentive. The food was excellent. My seat was very spacious and comfortable. The amenities were outstanding. Everything worked. There was room for everything in the overhead bin. The aircraft was clean. The rest rooms were cleaned on a regular basis. In the age of covid I felt totally safe. I highly recommend this airline to others. As a side note, I had never noticed Qatar Airways prior to this trip. I usually fly another airline when I go to South Africa. Now, I am looking at the their routes on their websites to see where I can plan another trip. I really enjoyed my flight and look forward to flying with them again.
  Chicago to Beirut via Doha. This is the first time I take Qatar Airways. I have heard great reviews before. However, I must say that all expectations were exceeded from door-to-door or airport-to-airport.
  With Qatar Airways you get genuine loyalty awards along with all it's other world class services. It's dedication to quality, value for money and the highly professional staff are what puts it at top of the list.
  I'm very satisfied with the experience flying with them on 25th of April 2021 Dublin to Doha. I flew with this airline probably 10 times, one of the best services cabin in the world.! Must mention here a cabin crew Mr Sundeep was very friendly and helpful, and all the cabin crew doing good jobs thanks you. Definitely I'll fly again with you.
  Dallas Ft Worth to Colombo via Doha. We love flying Qatar Airways. Their QSuites are fabulous and give privacy. The cabin service and the food is exquisite. Don't feel the 15 to 16 hours of flight .
 Recently I traveled with Qatar Airways again and it was a great experience as always. The airline provided all needed information, even the smallest update was sent days before. On their website you can find more info about travel restriction rules in your destination than on any official website of destination. Their staff and crew members are very professional, kind and helpful, simply world class level. I had a few kg's of luggage over my limit and it is never a problem. Times are not good for aviation industry right now but still, all 4 of my flights this time were smooth and without even one problem. Thank you Qatar Airways and I hope to see you again soon.
  Flying with Qatar is always a wonderful experience. Staff are unfailingly polite and helpful, all processes efficient and smooth, and everything kept to a very high standard. I have nothing but praise for an airline that has been my favourite for many years now.
  This was my first time flying with Qatar Airways and I would highly recommend this airline because even in the midst of a pandemic they were reliable, punctual and trustworthy. I flew from the US to Doha and than Doha-Bangkok, and everything was punctual with amazing customer service. The food was the most amazing airplane food I have ever had- lasagna and garlic bread, sweet and sour chicken and even cheese cake for dessert. It was delicious. On a 15 hour flight, all flight attendants were constantly working and attentive to customer needs offering snacks or water. The plane seats were also very comfortable and my computer bag could easily fit in the aisle seat. Thanks for a wonderful flight and being so reliable in these difficult days!
  I am a regular flyer of Qatar Airways, and every time I fly I enjoy an unmatched experience. The experience starts right from the time you visit their user-friendly website for ticketing / check-in or for any changes you wish to make. The Airport lounge is one of the best among many I have visited in other countries. The in-flight ambience and services are extraordinary. Also they take care of all the safety aspects from embarking till disembark. 
  Qatar Airways has been one of my favorite airlines to fly. Their service, food and entertainment is amazing. However, this time I was perplexed by their services. I was leaving Najaf airport and the plane was late. I have notified the ground crew that I have a quick connecting flight and was nervous that I would miss my connecting flight. They reassured me that all will be well. We arrived into Doha and I missed my connecting flight. What happened next threw my experience into the negative zone. My next flight have been scheduled at 1855 hrs (18 hours later). The Qatar Airways staff told me that they did not have an hotel room left and he would offer me a complimentary meal voucher and I could find a place in the airport to lie down and relax. I told him that the meal voucher meant little to me since the delay in flight was their problem. If they could not arrange accommodation for me in the airport, the least they could do was upgrade my next flight. He asked me to wait as he spoke to his manager and 30 minutes later I was in a hotel room. The flight to Nairobi was amazing with great service and I cant complain about the air crew. However this experience really had me thinking about flying with Qatar in the future.
  It was an exhilarating experience for my wife and I to fly Qatar Airways in July 2020 and again in March 2021. By all means, with our international travel of over 50 years,  we rate Qatar Airways to be the front runner and the best. Each aspect of air travel is superb from booking through check in, baggage handling and most of all the inflight services. The cabin crew is the icing on the cake. We love Qatar Airways which will be our #1 priority whenever we travel international
  I give Qatar Airways the best review one can ge. Super service on the flight and in the lounge. This is the airline I will use as often as I can for the future. Thank you!
  My wife and I travelled back to the UK from Thailand on 18th March 2021. We checked in at the Qatar Airways desk about 4 hours before departure, and we very thankful that we had got to the airport so early as all our documents for the return trip, i.e. Certificate of a Negative Covid Test, the UK government's Passenger Locator Form, and the receipt for the two obligatory Covid tests that are required by the UK government when in self-isolation within the UK, were meticulously checked by check-in staff, the whole process taking 25 minutes. Boarding the aircraft at Bangkok was the most professional and well controlled that I have ever experienced at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi Airport; whereas they normally descend into chaos as soon as boarding is announced. My wife and I were pleasantly surprised by the modernity and cleanliness of the aircraft that we boarded, everything we needed for the flight, e.g. facemasks, hand cleanser, ear plugs etc were all neatly arranged in the seat pockets in front of us. The cabin crew were very smartly dressed and neatly turned out, and they were very polite, attentive and visibly present throughout the whole flight. The in-flight meals were of the very highest standard, and probably the best that I have ever been served on a flight back to the London. We arrived in Doha on schedule, and boarded flight at the correct time and the boarding was conducted with the same proficient manner as out first flight. The London bound plane was absolutely jammed pack, but the cabin crew, although extremely busy, behaved with the same quiet and firm professionalism that I had experienced throughout. I witnessed an incident whereby a passenger removed his facemask and refused to put it back on, this passenger was immediately dealt with in a very firm and thoroughly professional manner, which was very reassuring for other passengers around. I was impressed all round by the carrier and I certainly will consider using Qatar Airways in the future.
  My flight from Kuala Lumpur to Doha was very peaceful and pleasant. The cabin crew Anushka was very polite she provided excellent and exceptional service to me and the fellow passenger throughout the flight with smile and finesse. I would like to appreciate her kindness and positivity. 
  We didn’t get to fly with Qatar Airways after booking with them months previously because they were so rigid about their change rules. You can book a Qsuite and the day before the flight they can change it to a regular seat. They will allow you to change to a different flight without a change fee but you would have to pay the difference in fare which for us was $10,000 a person. They will not allow you to mix business and economy seats on any of your fight, any leg or coming back or anything. Since we needed to change just one leg of our flight (Doha to Male) since we had to cancel our stopover in Doha due to COVID and we didn’t want to pay $20,000 more, we canceled our entire flight at the last minute and booked economy with Emirates who was happy to have us upgrade to Business for just one leg.  I asked why you can’t mix business and economy and they said it’s because the baggage fees are different. I said I would pay the baggage fee difference.  I asked why not and she said “you can’t ask why not”.
  Kuala Lumpur to Basra via Doha. I have been using Qatar airways lately and impressed with their cabin features. Cool environment and very customer centric cabin crew. The only suggestion to improve is to provide guest with drinking water.
  Highly impressed by the hospitable attitude of cabin crew. The cabin crew show utmost respect, care and hospitality, so a big Thankyou. I've flown with many different airlines in last 10 yrs and never have i found such a welcoming attitude from any of the crew members as of Qatar Airways.
  We had two long, but awesome trips from the US to Kenya through Qatar Airways. The first trip was over 12 hours from Chicago to Doha. The trip was made easy and comfortable by the staff,  who were so welcoming and hospitable to us. We enjoyed the time in the plane, the food served, and the crew who were so friendly and helpful. The 2nd trip was the same, if not better.  Can’t wait to fly with you again soon to experience the same.
  The only experience I had before with Qatar was a ticket purchased though ASAP tickets which turned out to be a disaster. I was going to meet my girlfriend in Panama. She ran into a problem on the second leg of the trip because of needing to have a visa to change planes in USA and needed a visa for that. They had a flight a few hours later which would not of been a problem. Qatar said she needed to go though ticket agency. ASAP did nothing to help and blamed it on Qatar. After trying for three weeks with is both paying hotel rooms they could not help since all their flights went though USA. I later checked with them about a flight and it is no problem going though Spain which was no problem. Canceled the trip and we both went home to separate countries. I will not use ASAP again and was able to get a refund from credit card company on her trip. Of course by then spending time, thousands of dollars and way to much stress. Never thought I would use Qatar again either. Another trip to Thailand and Qatar was the best deal and schedule so against my better judgment I tried them again. What a surprise. Everything went very easy, I had to change flight twice because of visa issues but no charge and easy to do. Everything about my flight was great. I didn’t have a hard copy of some paperwork so they printed it out me. The people were exceptional. This is my new favorite airline.
  I tried a lot of Airlines to travel overseas. On my last trip, I received an optional upgrade at a low price of 200$ Erbil to Doha and 830$ Doha to Los Angeles or both in like 910$; this is very low. Still, I heard a lot about Qatar airways, so I said let me try it for once.  Until you leave, you are pampered with luxury. The team is amicable, and the comfort levels and services provided were terrific. I usually never sleep on any flights, no matter how long they are, and this one is 16 hours, but I slept like 7 to 8 hours which for me was a miracle. Thanks to Qatar Airways for providing me with this experience; it was very memorable and pleasant. Looking forward to next time.
 The best airline I have flown so far. The airline crew and ground staff were super nice. The lounge was beautiful. Both flights from New York JFK to Doha and Doha to Dhaka was a pleasure completely. I will fly over and over.
 My experience with Qatar Airways was just exceptional. From booking to managing my flight. I had to change my flight date due to unforeseen circumstances and was worried I would have to pay a huge amount to change and would have difficulties in getting my request done. However they sorted out my enquiry speedily and at no extra charge (I got the same ticket a week later). Furthermore the staff was so friendly and kind and they provided me with my requested vegetarian meals with no hassles. I would really recommend flying Qatar any day and I will definitely be flying Qatar on my next flight! Great job everyone!
 Best ground staff and onboard staff which provided par excellence service. Ground staff at Houston was extremely helpful and made check-in easy. Lounge was closed because of COVID. Missed the business lounge experience. Seats were very comfortable. Onboard service excellent. Entertainment was good. Doha ground and lounge were extremely courteous and helpful. Doha to Karachi was same story repeated.
  Flying during Covid-era is stressful in and on itself, yet I managed to have the most pleasing and calming travel experience, thanks to Qatar Airways and their excellent service on board. Very kind and helpful staff, great food, seat-distancing and social distancing scheme measures applied neatly, the extra kit provision (hand sanitizer and gloves), relaxing entertainment, great free wifi connection, etc. Highly recommended!
  Best service experience.  I have only compliments to give to Qatar Airways team, but I need to make a special mention to Patricia who was working with the check-in team. She did everything she could to make sure I was on my plane even if my QR code for Australia oversea arrival quarantine was late to arrive. She made sure I was able to take my flight in Montreal Airport on January 29th and I am extremely thankful for her commitment. She was the key to the success of my very stressful and complexe arrival in Australia. Being my first time travelling to Australia for my employer, in the worst possible time due to the reality of COVID-19, with the strict rules of Australia (that are somewhat a bit complex to follow), she got me on that plane. Without her commitment to resolving my issue, I would have lost all the time I have put on my thorough planning for my 14 days of oversea arrival quarantine, my companies projects and safety logistics.
  Qatar Airways, Most reliable airline during this pandemic!  Travelling on Qatar Airways recently was a stress free, COVID safe, comfortable experience from start to finish. The check in process wasn't perfect, but with all the changes to legislation of various countries, I did expect things to be a little slower. This in my opinion is acceptable in the current climate. When on the flight, there were plenty of seats available to maintain some form of social distance, the crew wore correct PPE and enforced passengers to do the same. The crew issue a travel pack which contained sufficient face masks, gloves and hand sanitiser for the trip and onward journey. Food on the flight was tasty and the drinks service was sufficient to remain comfortable through out the trip. On arrival at Doha, all passengers was ushered through to transfers, by passing the unnecessary security check points allowing us to, again maintain social distancing. I had a long layover so utilised an airport lounge but I did noticed the majority of the stores open in Doha Airport. My trip involved two flights which both arrived on time at their respective destinations. Overall, I was very impressed how COVID safe and comfortable the journey was, and that is travelling economy. I am going to be using Qatar Airways as my first choice airline for the considerable future. Thank you, keep doing, what you are doing!
  Excellent service and so kind and nice and polite staff Two person in specific Mr. Mannan and Ms. Shirin on flight QR 1380 on 1st February were excellent and were very polite and very supportive. Excellent service provided.
 I flew from Hyderabad - Chicago - Hyderabad by QR725/726. The World's highly recommended airline, good spacious economy seat with good leg room, completely satisfied with very friendly attitude of the flight crews, outstanding service level and above our expectations pleasant and decent staff and on time performance no delays at all. Really appreciate it, it made the almost 15 hours journey a lot more welcome. Doha Airport is very neat with a very welcoming attitude, washrooms at the airport are very clean and hygienic. Cabin crew attendants were kind and treated us like family members. They always watched if we needed anything else. Qatar Airways is the name of guarantee and trust of the passengers. The complimentary 1 hour free wifi is absolutely helpful to contact our dear ones during the flight. The best airline by far, everything was exceptional from beginning to the end. I definitely recommend to the world to prefer Qatar Airways. Thank you Qatar Airways for your excellent services.
  Highly recommended! Flew Qatar Airways Stockholm to Bangkok in Business (via Doha) a few days ago. Been completely comfortable and satisfied with Qatar Airways before and find no reason to change my opinion now. Outstanding service level, pleasant and attendant staff, superb onboard catering. Their Qsuite is a spectacular experience, especially the privacy with the closing door. Any opportunity to fly with Qatar Airways again will be taken most seriously.
  I wanted to compliment the cabin crew for their extraordinary service on our flight QR744. We were relocating to Singapore and were travelling BOS-DOH-SIN and the long journey was made comfortable by the crew of QR 744 and 942. Service requires a lot of resilience can be such a thankless job, I write to you because your efforts put us at so much ease in our transcontinental move. These are tough times and we appreciate the care they provide amidst all that, putting their best self forward albeit at a personal health risk. We thoroughly enjoyed the Qsuite in QR744 and are grateful the team for allowing me and my spouse to move into middle seats. Really appreciate it, it made the 12 hour journey a lot more welcome. We hope that this feedback reaches the right people and they continue to do amazing work. This was the second time I flew Qatar Airways and it now certainly is my favourite airline to fly with.
  I had the first time opportunity to travel with my infant in this pandemic all alone with Qatar airways. I would like to really thank Delisha cabin crew attendant who was more kind and treated me like a family member. She was so helpful and caring throughout my 15 hrs journey. She was always watching me if i need anything or any meal is required for my infant and myself. Delisha was doing a great job in taking care of me. 
 I flew Muscat to Doha in Economy Class. Would have preferred if their were less people on the plane, we were jammed in like sardines which was unfortunate given the current situation. However service was good, snack tasty, in flight entertainment excellent. Then I flew from Doha to Manchester in Business Class. Qatar Airways are truly the best at BC. Fantastic attentive service, excellent food and wines, very comfy fully reclining seat. I didn’t want to get off. Big screen in flight entertainment.Really the class leader for Business Class in my opinion.
  Qatar Airways is the name of guarantee and trust, even under very extraordinary circumstances (covid-19), where majority of airlines couldn't maintain their business and promise with their customers and many people faced difficulties from flight cancellation to flight refund, Qatar airways stood firm and steady and delivered the best service to the customers. I had a 5 star experience at oryx lounge and great time at Hamad Airport.
  Qatar Airways presents itself as a 5-Star Airline. So expectations are very high, especially during these unusual circumstances. Qatar didn't disappointed at all for my 2 flights. Organized boarding, clean planes, good leg space (I am 1,93m tall), very attentive crew, tasty food and beverage service, even it's announced as 'modified', and an amazing in-flight entertainment system. The complimentary 1 hour free WiFi is absolutely a surplus. So, a good experience with Qatar Airways, highly recommended.
  I have used Qatar Airways for the most of my travels. But recently they have done something that is opposed to being a good airline. They have marketed on their webpages that tickets that are booked prior to 31 of December 2020 can be rebooked/changed unlimited times free of charge. Due to this benefit I have booked on Qatar Airways. But now when I want to change the ticket, delay my flight back to Stockholm a week or more they are asking for the fare difference which is 300-500USD. I paid my original ticket for 900USD with the intention to have flexibility with my return date but they say that only service fee is free but not fare price. 
  I was traveling Qatar along with my friend on 14 January from Kathmandu, everything was up to the mark specially the Ms Hui from Japan was outstanding on her performance. With highly positive attitude, inter personal skills with a highly customer focus attitude. Thanks Qatar Airways and all the members.
  I was due to fly back home to Doha from Istanbul via Qatar Airways. I had all of my COVID-19 documents in order to board my flight. This consists of a negative PCR test and a medical certificate that makes me eligible for home quarantine in Doha. However, Qatar Airways staff at the Istanbul airport refused to let me board my flight. I called customer service and they told me that the Qatari government regulations are wrong and that I should call the Ministry of Public Health and inform them of that. After several conversation, it was clear that Qatar Airways staff were coercing me to book a hotel for quarantine on Discover Qatar. I was forced to book a flight home on another airline and add an extra night of expenses. They refused to refund my ticket. This convoluted hotel quarantine police they have isn’t written anywhere on their website, neither is the refund claim they make.
  My girlfriend and I flew with Qatar Airways from Amsterdam to Doha a few days ago. The whole experience was great - checking-in, counter service, boarding, seat and leg space, entertainment program, exiting, etc. A special shout out for the food between Doha and Bangkok which was probably the best I ever had on a plane. The only thing why it is not 10/10 is the loading speed and UX / UI of both, mobile and desktop booking process. They seriously need to upgrade this as it is a bit painful and it takes a long time. As an airline, however, I can highly recommend them!
 This was a dazzling airline. Doha to Sao Paulo was a 16 hour flight but the miles and time seemed to just fly by on their impeccable service standards. The A350 was immaculate and clean and the cabin crew so gracious that nothing was too much trouble for them. Plenty of food and constant drink servings. I flew Economy but they made you feel like you are valued and important. Especially the young kind hearted South African cabin crew lady. Flying QR in December you got Free WIFI for the entire flight and it largely worked well. QR sets the standard that all other airlines should strive for.
  I pretty much enjoyed the trip. The precautions taken against covid-19 were very much advanced and puts you at a sense of peace during the whole trip. Though the flight was almost full however the team was very helpful and you do feel at ease with any request, the hosts even remembered and served me a request while at the busy period of boarding. Food was amazing, they had also a precaution set of several items against covid 19. No one removed their mask during the entire trip and also had a face shield unless they were eating. Leg space and seats were really comfortable. The entertainment content is amazing which made the time pass, i loved the fact that the screens are large compared to other airlines and i was able to recharge my phone as well and had internet access during most of the trip for Free! Overall i was pretty impressed honestly and really enjoyed my trip.
  The perfect trip in a very strange period. I didn't feel the pandemic pressure at all. The same amazing services, with very professional staff. Doha Hamad the same extraordinary airport, where everything and everybody was in the perfect places. Thank you!
 Flew from Sofia, Bulgaria to Adelaide, Australia. The service on Qatar is impeccable. Was able to access the Al Mourjan lounge for my 20 hour layover. This is a spectacularly appointed space with almost limitless options for resting, working and food and drink. The space is enormous and it is easy to find a quiet space to oneself. The service on both flights was excellent. Nothing is too much trouble, the staff are always polite, and they deserve all the praise for their patience and attentiveness. Can't praise them too highly! The added bonus of flying Qatar is their commitment to safety during the pandemic. Masks and face shields are provided for all passengers - and all the staff are protected as well.
  Exceptional service and facilities. The business class sitting/sleeping area is extremely comfortable and private and the staff (the flight attendant who attended me was Pav and she was amazing) were helpful, kind and went above and beyond to make us feel helpful and comfortable.
 I have been flying all over the world, mainly for professional reasons, for the last 40 years. Recently I am travelling more for leisure than for work. This is why my son and I decided to fly to Cape Town, South Africa recently. We flew from Paris to Cape Town via Doha with Qatar Airways in Business Class, and this was probably the best choice, as everything went perfect. From the boarding in CDG up to the disembarking in CPT, the whole experience was great. The Q-Suite concept, as well as the "family suite" concept have been very well designed. The attendants service and food and beverages quality are the highest standards I have ever experienced in the industry. For me, Qatar Airways is definitely the best airline for Business Class. I could say that Qatar is for me today part of the travel destination decision, in the sense that I am prioritizing destinations where Qatar Airways can fly me to!
  Mogadishu to Chicago via Doha. It was an amazing experience. The service provided, the quality of items available, the crew care, the hygiene and the overall flying environment was outstanding.
  Stockholm to Doha. My experience flying this flight was awesome! Crew members (Maja and others) did great job, they are friendly and caring. Crews are always available to help customer on any request. Its a wonderful experience. Thank you Qatar Airways.
  Zvartnots to Los Angeles via Doha. Comfortable seat in the flight, friendly service, ease of moving in the airport, great ticket price, compliant with COVID 19, very helpful customer service.
  Kigali to New York via Doha. The services were superb and the food was delicious. The customer care at the airport was very friendly. And the prevention for COVID-19 was of very high standard.
  The flight out to Thailand was great. However the return flight was cancelled due to Covid. Qatar Airways was offering a change of date in place of return flight or refund or voucher. I recently contacted Customer services to arrange my return flight this has been very difficult and I've been told that they issued me with a voucher without me requesting this option. I have tried to have this rectified to enable me to book the return flight home to replace the original cancelled flight. The customer services have not been helpful in regard to this option, they now want to charge me a further amount for return flight offering the voucher value as discount on the ticket I require. After further discussions as to why a voucher was issued they inform me that another party had requested this without my consent or knowledge. Despite this they tell me that they are unwilling to put the error right and issue me with a return ticket.

  Absolutely brilliant airline. Couldn't be more happy with the service I was provided. I live in the UK and work in Indonesia, so travel is a large part of my life. I am a long term Emirates frequent flyer, but due to the restrictions of Covid-19 and the ridiculous rules Emirates have put in place, I decided to fly using Qatar Airways who we were told are one of the only major airlines still operating. Was the best decision I have made and will be sure to fly with Qatar again the future. Highly recommend to everyone.
  I flew from Zagreb to Basra via Doha. Stayed in Oryx hotel. The best airline by far, everything was exceptional from beginning to the end. Cant wait to fly again with Qatar airways.
  We flew Sydney-Doha-London business class. We'd not flown business before so we thought we would treat ourselves, our bookings were made well in advance pre-Covid. Due to the restrictions on flying our flight got pushed back until we finally got clearance to fly one year after our initial booking and six months after our intended flight. Changing our tickets was simplicity and the person dealing with the change was very helpful. Checking in at Sydney was average with the check in staff doubling up with gate duties, there were only four flights departing Sydney that evening so they weren't exactly rushed off their feet. The flight was uneventful which is how you want it. The service was exemplary, very attentive and the food was delicious with plenty of it. The seat although lie flat wasn't as comfortable as I was expecting and on the 14 hour flight I got somewhere between 2-3 hours of sleep. The in flight entertainment was average with few major movies available. We had three hours at Doha before catching our onward flight to Heathrow and we used most of the three hours in the spacious lounge refreshing ourselves. The onward flight was a repeat of the first flight, generally pleasant with the same caveats as before. Overall the onboard experience was very good. But what marred the flight was after we got to our isolation destination to find out an expensive electrical item had been badly damaged despite it being marked as fragile. Qatar's response was effectively 'tough, that's the terms of service that we had signed up for' and they declined to take responsibility or consider my claim for damages. 
  I have the pleasure to live in Thailand for 6 months every year. The pleasure is only getting bigger when I travel with Qatar Airways, they are in my opinion the best. Especially since we got the Corona last year, Qatar Airways made it very easy for their customers, to make changes and rebook tickets when most of the world went bananas and closed everything. You can always count on Qatar to take you where you need to go. I strongly believe that when you're treated good you need to be loyal. Therefore I will probably stay with them for the rest of my life. I simply love Qatar Airways and the service they provide to me!
  Flew from Doha to Islamabad just as the pandemic began on 2nd March 2020 for a 1 week trip to Pakistan. The flight service was great as you would expect on Qatar Airways. On the 10th March Qatar denied entry to any resident permit holders and as a result I became stranded. I went to the Islamabad office who did not issue a refund and they were not providing any explanation or alternatives. Time went by and Qatar was not opening ways for us anytime soon. As a British National on April 27th I took the repatriation flight to Heathrow, the aircraft was great,very modern.... Service was excellent. To this day I have been unable to return to Qatar. Refunds should be issued without hesitation or causing problems for the customer at least. Over all the flights were great but the COVID-19 pandemic has changed flying for all of us!
 I had to travel on short notice, the ticket price was very attractive and since the route is offered daily there was flexibility. However, opposed to their website stating that date changes are free of charge, it's not always the case and I would have had to pay regular fare change and rebooking fees. Quite unclear when the free date change applies! So I had to stick to the original travel date. Seats in A350 economy are very narrow in width and I don't want to imagine being squeezed into them in a full flight. Luckily for us passengers, both flights were only 1/3 or less full on all flights. They put all passengers in the rear part of the cabin for departure, after which you're free to roam around and pick a free row to sit or sleep, which made the trip very enjoyable. Wifi was free for the whole duration of the flight and quite reliable. It's a good and bad thing at the same time, flying no longer is the time to disconnect for a couple of hours. The staff on ground and on board were extremely friendly, attentive and caring. 
  After nice business class trip from Frankfurt to the Maldives my husband and I decided to buy-up both legs of our flight on the way back home. This cost us an extra $2100.00. Upon arriving in Doha we were informed that the upgraded ticket doesn't include lounge access. This is the first time in all of my flights that I have been told that paying to upgrade doesn't get you lounge access. We paid for a full fare business class ticket in the end, we just paid it via an upgrade and did it for two extra legs of the trip. (Currently sitting in the transit lounge, as we luckily have other lounge accesses). It's true that in fine print at the bottom of the email under the 'upgrade here' you will find that the upgrade doesn't allow lounge access - however, they hide it. 
 
I had a great time travelling via Qatar Airways and all I would like to say about the flights are delightful service, good food, really nice aircrafts and fantastic cabin crew. Especially the cabin staff who was great, along with all of her colleagues. Very accommodating and helpful.
  Best airline to fly for a family with an infant. Safety measures were as we expected, the crew was amazing with us and our baby. Due to corona they are not longer allow to take the baby stroller in transit in DOH but for us was ok because it was a short stop. I will always choose this airline for long journey!
  After a two and a half hour delay (not even a water offered) there was a further delay at our transit point. I was told that my plane had left and there was a flight in several hours to my country but not my destination as they only fly there once a week. There was not even an apology offered. The staff told me it’s up to myself to find pay for a connecting flight in our country even though I’d paid Qatar in full for a ticket to my destination! After much demand they agreed to sort the final leg of our trip. We were again in our several ours at transit destination not offered anything. We had to demand some food and water and it was a fight to get a bit of airplane food and water! 
 Qatar Airways is organised and friendly. Service is top notch. The seats are comfortable with enough leg room. The food onboard is outstanding. They are always on time or close to that. The service centres and call centres are easy to deal with and will help you change flights or answer questions as best they can. Qatar Airways has an excellent online site too that makes ticket purchase a breeze, with the facility to be charged in many currencies that can be important for your credit card rules. They are taking every reasonable step to make flying safe during covid, insisting on masks and on some routes, pre-flight testing. They also give face shields to every passenger at time of boarding, and implement social distancing. All of these measures help the passenger to feel safe and comfortable in the choice to travel at this time. Qatar Airways is a truly great airline that makes every trip with them enjoyable and something to look forward to.
 Overall experience with Qatar Airways is superb, considering I had a bad experience with check in counter staff at Fiumicino Airport. I am not sure if they are directly Qatar Airways’ staff or ADR staff. They give out free face shields upon boarding. The Filipino flight attendant who welcomed us felt bad when she saw me in a haggard state due to my awful experience with Fiumicino check in staff. In our language, she comforted me and made sure I was okay. It really meant a lot to me on a personal level. Both the Rome-Doha and Doha-Manila flights have spacious seats, great halal food and snacks, more drinks and a good selection of inflight entertainment. I was able to use wifi for free on the Doha-Manila flight. Despite bringing my own sanitizers and face masks, I really like how Qatar Airways also gave out useful hygiene kits that I am able to still keep as extras on my bag. While the Rome-Doha flight specifically spaced out seats for social distancing, the Doha-Manila flight seemed to be full.
  Level of customer service is superb. I had forgotten my carry on luggage in the aircraft and the ground staff at Jomo Kenyatta airport in Nairobi retrieved it for me from the airport with less than 20 minutes to go before the boarding commenced. The flight purser on the Doha-Nairobi route was extremely helpful and helped me carry of the luggage to the bottom of the stairs - I am a regular flyer (7+ international trips a year) but this is first time I am experiencing customer service this superior. My Gluten free meal was 5 star; on the outward trip, I forgot to put in request for gluten free meal and so when I requested for it once aboard the aircraft, the attendant really went out of their way to meet my request. With this level of service, I am converted and Qatar will be my first choice - the whole experience was truly amazing.
  I am an Emergency Medicine consultant, one of the front front liner healthcare workers during COVID 19 era. I would like to express my sincere gratitude and thankfulness for your gift to all the frontline healthcare worker all over the world.  I am not new to Qatar Airways, as I had more than 20 flights there before. But this trip was so special as a best reward for the massive work during that unprecedented times for all of us. I received the promo code and booked a flight to Manchester, almost free. the trip and the holiday were really amazing. I felt very satisfied and elated that my work has been recognized and appreciated in such way. I would like also to appreciate the remarkable care for my family during our flight by Ms Karawan from Tunisia who was very kind and sincerely helping. Massive thanks to Qatar Airways.
  This review is not about the flight itself, its about the customer service of Qatar on the ground. Qatar tries to catch customers with promotions like getting 3 x QPoints or 5 x QMiles Because of a promotion, I book my flight with Qatar Airways in Business Class. Due Covid-19 everything was cancelled and I agreed to receive a voucher. Now I rebooked my flight, again in Business Class, but the amount of my voucher was not enough, I had to pay also some extra costs. There is currently a promotion active which lets you earn many bonus miles - so I contacted Qatar if I will be able to collect these miles. The answer was no. You booked this flight with a voucher from an earlier, cancelled flight, so I am not eligible for the current promo. If this depends on the initial flight, I was eligible to earn 3 x QPoints from the previous flight?  I want to clarify that the service on board is still amazing, the crews do a great job. But on ground, the customer service is just a shame.
  I was traveling from Chicago to Kuala Lumpur on flight QR726 via Doha on 10/08/20 when I was asked at the gate if I had a letter of undertaking from the government of Malaysia and I didn’t know what that was. They told me I had to contact the Malaysian embassy and obtain that before they could let me board. I was devastated as it was already close to departure time. I went and sat down and called my family in Malaysia and told them about my situation and at the sane time going online to find out what the requirement was to enter Malaysia even though I’m a Malaysian citizen. Apparently, it’s a letter that I have to sign in order to undertake to pay for my quarantine in Malaysia (which didn’t apply to me as I was going home to my state of Sarawak and Sarawak would bear all my quarantine expenses since I’m a Sarawakian). My family advised me to call my cousin’s daughter who is an immigration officer in Kuala Lumpur. I was just about to call her when one of the gate agents called me back to the podium. Apparently, one of the Qatar Airways employee working that day thought outside the box, went online to the Malaysian website and printed out that letter for me. I filled out my particulars and signed it in front of her. She handed it to me and told me to hand it to the Malaysian authorities when I arrive. She then gave me back my documents and boarding passes and told me to have a nice flight! I didn’t get a chance to get all their names who worked flight 726 In Chicago but these employees deserve some kind of raise or extra bonus etc. Then, on board that flight the inflight crews were very attentive to passengers’ needs and very polite and sweet! Amidst the COVID-19 stress that every has these individuals have exceeded their job expectations and I am very grateful to your Airlines’s employees, both on ground and inflight! I made it to back to Malaysia safely. I’m on a team-week quarantine now and then I’ll be able to spend a lot of time with my frail mom and with my dad. Thanks to the wonderful employees of your Airline!
  I noticed that Qatar Airways take good care of passengers more than passengers themselves with an utmost effort to treat every passenger as if he was the only passenger on the flight. Their safety measures especially during COVID-19 crisis is so professional yet so comfortable. I always used to travel business class especially for long distance but once I tried their economy class, honestly not a big difference cause both are considered high class to me.
  Thank you Qatar for trying to make the trip secure and enjoyable. Although flight was full from KTM to Doha, Doha to IAD, passengers were spaced nicely. Pricing mask and Face shield in Kathmandu was reassuring. Service was excellent, as always. Despite ticket being cancelled twice before our flight, because it was not Qatar Airways fault, I am very happy with your service.
  Generally had a pleasant experience flying with Qatar Airways. Given the current situation, I felt at ease as all passengers were required to wear both face masks and a face shield. Temperature checks were also require prior to boarding. Qatar Airways seems to be taking the pandemic very seriously, which is great to see, as they supplied us with spare masks, gloves and hand sanitiser, all complimentary. Frustratingly, the screens at London Heathrow stated “flight closing” when the flight hadn’t even started boarding yet, and this caused a number of passengers to panic considering the huge size of Terminal 5 and the amount of time it can take to cross the terminal to get to your gate. I was very surprised with how spacious the aircraft was. There was plenty of leg room and it was great to see Qatar Airways adhere to social distancing regulations - no two passengers were seated next to one another unless travelling as a group. The meal services provided onboard were fantastic. They had more selection than other airlines I’ve flown with in the past. Cabin crew were generally very welcoming and friendly. My connection in Doha was only 1 hour, however this was plenty of time for me and my bags to make it to the other aircraft in time. Overall a great experience - if you’re nervous about flying during the current pandemic, I would highly recommend considering Qatar Airways as their Covid-19 rules and regulations put me at ease and it was great to see them taking the safety of passengers and crew seriously.
  The flight was very good, I am sure Qatar Airways is one of the best airlines in the world. Everything was ok and good in Doha. I will choose again Qatar Airways for my next trips.
 I have traveled a lot in the past 10 years for business and pleasure, by far the best airline that I have traveled with so far is Qatar Airways. Comfortable planes, nice service, tasty food, polite staff and always on time. I can go on and on about them, best airline and I recommend them to everyone.
 Due to Coronavirus and that Qantas had cancelled my flight, I booked a flight with Qatar Airways and was able to get on a seat pretty much immediately to fly back to Australia. Being a last minute booking and being vegan I wasn't able to choose my preference online but the staff were amazing and were able to put a vegan meal together for my flights. Really good flight and service during a stressful time.
  Athens to Tehran via Doha. I should mention for their on time departure and landing ahead of the schedule. Warm hospitality of their cabin crew that protecting their customers while onboard. Inflight entertainment system was really entertaining. But their policy on the second sector when the aircraft passengers load was almost full in economy class was not satisfactory during the tough situation of Covid19. Hygienic packs, face mask & face shield was available, but no social distances.
  Kuala Lumpur to Milan via Doha. First Time rider on Qatar Airways, due to unavailability of flights by my usual airlines I booked what i considered a really expensive flight with Qatar. No words to express the high quality of the service both business and economy (I flew both classes).For the moment Qatar Airways is by far the best airline to fly to Asia.
  Flying Qatar airways is a completely different experience than flying any typical European or North American airline. In addition to the newest planes in the sky (787 Dreamliner and A350) the seats, entertainment, food, and crew make flying pleasurable again. During the COVID-19 pandemic, I appreciate their attention to safety, flexible policies, and continuing to fly important routes for travelers. Crew always has the best attitude and truly tries to please their passengers. I've flown both business and economy class and all classes feel valued. I'll continue to book flights on Qatar Airways as often as I can for my upcoming travels regardless if I find a slightly better deal on another airline as I know nothing else can live up to the Qatar experience.
  I would like to extend my deepest appreciation for Qatar Airways during these tumultuous times. I am a graduate student that is bound to fly home after the completion of my studies. Firstly, the price of the flight was very affordable,  I paid less than 500usd for this flight. Qatar Airways allowed unlimited changes to flight schedule without any extra fees or charges (with some terms). I made 3 changes to my flights and they were all done via the phone to the customer service hotline, which was accessible.  The flight attendents, food served and comfort of the flight was unparalleled. There is nothing for me to complain about. I only have nice words to say about this recent flight home to Singapore. There is no doubt that I think Qatar Airways is deserving of being the top airline. I want to make a special mention of thanks to customer service officer, Andrew (I hope i got your name right) who was empathetic of my 10 hour layover in Doha and gave me options of a lounge. He was empathetic and his professionalism and friendly demeanor an asset to Qatar.
  Excellent service. I am 26 weeks pregnant and travelling by myself and onboard cabin crew was very helpful from the time I entered the aircraft until I disembark. They carried my bags and stored them in the overhead bin, offered me extra food, moved me to a another seat with more space as I was pregnant and needed to stretch and and I will feel more comfortable with more space. When I went to galley area to stretch my legs a bit, cabin crew was very engaging offering me not only food and drinks but also asking my well-being always with a warm smile.
  It was my first experience with Qatar Airways. Although it was a long flight for me from Beirut to Qatar and from Qatar to LA,  it was worth it with the Qatar Airways. The quality, the service, the flexibility, the hospitality, check in were top. Even, I had to change the flight date, they did it without charge. They deserve to be the top airline in the world. I had very good experience. 
  I bought a ticket from Melbourne to Tallin with Qatar airways and airBaltic, which was cancelled twice. After being able to rebook the flight for the third time I was on my way. At Stockholm my connecting airBaltic flight was cancelled. The staff at the airport was no help and told me to contact the airline. After being on the wait list on the phone for over an hour Qatar airways representative told me that there was nothing they were able to do. I was stranded in Stockholm with no possible flight to continue my trip, they would not give me a refund or  accommodation. After spending hours in the airport I was able to continue my journey with a ticket I had to purchase myself with no help from Qatar.
  I have been traveling with Qatar since 2015 very frequently and I have not once been disappointed by their pricing, service and comfort. They have done the right thing with COVID giving everyone vouchers and or refunds its amazing. I highly recommend them I have had to travel overseas twice since COVID and they are very professional and I always felt safe.
  Excellent service. They do really well both at airport counter and onboard. Passengers safety was always followed. Onboard staff service was really outstanding done with great love and courtesy. Thank you Qatar Airways.
 Kuwait to Dallas Ft Worth via Doha. The entire flight was extraordinary. I loved the entertainment, food, and most of all the flight crew. Thank you Qatar Airways. The offer for an upgrade was a life-saver for 15hr flight. The Q-suite rocked!!!!!
  I was one of the passengers who stuck abroad due to the Covid_19 pandemic and I had to change my return flight date for 7 times until I got back to the UK.The staff at Sulaymaniyah office of Qatar Airways were very helpful and change my flight ticket for 7 times without any hesitation and the staff who helped me a lot. I will always fly with Qatar Airways and I have recommended Qatar Airways to many friends.
  My flight cancelled by airline. Refund processed promptly, no hassle , about 1 week wait for refund. Easy to claim. I will fly this airline whenever possible.
 Excellent service provided by the ground staff and extremely polite and courteous cabin crew who provided an Excellent service through out the entire journey. My first experience with Qatar was an enjoyable one and my future travelling will be with Qatar. I look forward to my next flight with them.
  Flight was late leaving Brisbane/arriving Doha through no fault of Qatar Airways. I was very concerned that I would not make my onward connecting flight because of this delay. The Qatar ground staff were amazing - assisting me to board my next flight with speed, efficiency, respect and kindness. I send my thanks to these young men, they are a credit to Qatar Airways.
  Doha to Dallas, a 14 hour flight, but I am not feeling tired. I can enjoy my flight with delicious food, wide legroom, good entertainment and good service from cabin crew.
  My husband booked a ticket for myself and kids from their website. We received a confirmation email from them with our eticket's. I tried to contact Qatar Airways via phone at their listed airport number for two weeks to inquire and add our pet to our reservation.  Also tried reaching out on their facebook page but still no answer. We ended up leaving our pet behind. Upon arriving at the airport, the agent informed me that my husband's credit card should be present for verification. I told them that I had the same credit card with the same account number/credit card number because we share the same account but my card is under my name. They refused it and were about to send me back home. The supervisor informed me that an email was sent to us for credit card verification. I informed them that I did not get such an email. I contacted my husband who was in the US and he also did not get an email. I quickly searched my junk mail and found that it was sent to me the day before the flight. I sat in the airport and submitted all required documents online (luckily I had all what they required available). We waited for QA customer support to verify but they did not. They tried to call them from the airport but they did not answer and they did not even reply to the emails they were sending. The supervisor then told me that the only option left was for me to put down another payment and once they finish the credit card verification, then they'd refund me. I used the same credit card and we were on our way. At Doha airport (transit) I seemed to remember leaving behind my expensive headphones hanging on the hand of my seat. I immediately asked a QA agent to have a staff member get it for me since i was not allowed back onto the plane. The agent called the lost and found office instead and got no answer. He assured me that they'd send it for me once found. I told him that I was still here at the airport and it would be quick to just get it now, he did not seem able to help. At Los Angeles airport, they seemed to have lost one of my luggage. The agents there assured me that all luggages were transferred and were onboard and another customer has grabbed my bag. I filed a missing bag form and they called me the next day to inform me that it was found. Upon inquiring where the bag was at, the agent told me that it was left behind in Beirut airport. Once I got home, I checked my credit card and found that the two charges for our airline tickets were both cleared. I emails customer support and until this moment did not receive my refund. I had to file a dispute with my credit card and since I had all proof that I was double charged, my credit card has immediately refunded my money back. They found my headphones and I have to drive to nearest airport to get them. Their inflight service is good, however not worth the headache they put me through.
  I have been flying with Qatar Airways for 6 years now, and I cannot praise enough their service. The app is very easy to use and offers more and more options. When I book my flight, I can choose my seat and the type of meal. I had to change my flight for 5 times due to COVID and I was not charged any fee. All staff (including ground staff) were extremely nice, caring and helpful. They offered a protective kit and a face shield. I felt safe and comfortable all the way. In-flight entertainment, meals, timings, accessories offered... are top-class. Qatar Airways is the best airline.
  My wife and I have been trying to get out of Jordan for many months now. Finally, we were able to get on a repatriation flight through Qatar airways. When we arrived to A,,an Airport, it was chaos, hundreds of people waiting outside the airport entrance to get in. This only added to the anxiety. However, once we got to the Qatar Airways check in, everything was very professional. We checked in online which sped up the process. Our baggage was several kgs overweight, so we needed to rearrange our packing. When we were doing this Khalil the duty manager came over and told us not to worry about the extra weight and he allowed it through. This was a lovely gesture and we were very grateful. The service before and when we got on the plane was top class. All the safety equipment was provided and the cabin crew were professional but at the same time friendly and warm, which is really important during these difficult times. On a final note there was a very ill man on the flight from Doha to Bangkok, one of the cabin crew stayed by his side for most of the flight while also carrying out her other duties. She was a very pleasant lady, I never got her name but she did a great job.
  Both aircraft were excellently fitted out and the service was friendly, helpful and top-class throughout, despite the restrictions imposed by COVID-19 measures. Pre-flight service from both Doha Customer Service and, in particular, the ground staff at Milan-Malpensa was faultless. I was bumped from a previous flight by the Australian Border Force, despite having the correct NSW Health transit exemption paperwork (which NSW Health later admitted and apologized for). That time, the check-in staff at Milan-Malpensa bent over backwards in an effort to allow me to board but in the end, could not prevail, through no fault of their own. I was a very frequent traveller until recently (all airlines); I rank my recent flight experience with Qatar Airways amongst the best that I can recall.
  Qatar Airways is the best airline I know. Had a good experience my first time to be on the aeroplane and from that day is the only airline I use. I recomend Qatar Airways again and it is also safe to travel with during this pandemic, you feel safe.
  I really cannot praise Qatar Airways enough for this trip that started from a deserted Melbourne Airport and finished in Madrid . The boarding was done in a very quiet and systematic way and we left on time. Dinner was served with wine and was excellent and then the hostess puta soft mattress on the bed which already had a very nice soft pillow and it was happy dreams for the next 8 hours. A couple of hours before landing in Doha a nice breakfast was served and we landed on time. Better things still to come .. the transit to the flight to Madrid was achieved by simply walking to the departing gate without having to go through the hand luggage and passport checks again. The 8 hour flight to Madrid was in a A350-900 which was comfortable but the seat was less private. Everything was wonderful except the crew may have been just a tad over attentive. Still,the plane arrived on time. I paid for this flight with a voucher plus an additional 10% from a cancelled flight with Qatar. Qatar had also repaid to my credit card a fare from another cancelled flight so I must applaud their integrity . Thank you Qatar!!
  Barcelona to Tokyo via Doha. A very good company. I always use it to fly from and to japan service is great food is very good. Staff is nice, entertainment is great and transit in Qatar is very easy.
  Los Angeles to Berlin via Doha. Excellent customer service, new / newer aircraft, comfortable seats, great entertainment selection, extremely clean, very good food.
  Perth to London via Doha. Qatar Airways were the only airline that could get us back from Australia, our original Airline (Malaysia} estimated that it could be another 2 months before they would commence flights from Western Australia. From beginning to book through to arrival back in London everything was perfect. All personnel were extremely polite, courteous and friendly. Based on this experience I would not hesitate to travel with Qatar Airways in the future.
  Beirut to Chicago via Doha. The overall experience was amazing, staff are extremely helpful and friendly, I would recommend flying with Qatar airways for anyone who is looking for a smooth and luxurious experience.
  Melbourne to Athens via Doha. What an amazing airline. It is such a relief to have our tickets refunded. We were supposed to be in Greece right now, instead we are confined to our home in Melbourne. Qatar acted fairly and empathetically and refunded our money.
  Amidst this time of pandemic, the airline gives hope to passengers to be able to go home and be with our love ones. My flight last July 24, 2020 from Doha-Manila (QR0928) was very smooth. Health protocols were observed wearing face shield and mask.  would highly commend the crew on board because they were so accommodating and prompt especially Dunia, I made sure I got her name to thank her. She was attentive and polite to us passengers. The food was good, the seat was comfortable and I have enjoyed few sips of wine. I was able to communicate with my family during the flight for the complimentary wifi service provided by the airline which is really great. Check-in process was very fast and social distancing was strictly observed. We arrived in Manila earlier than the expected time of arrival. As to the whole journey, I would like to say a huge thank you to Qatar Airways staff and crew for their service, making sure a safe and comfortable travel for their passengers in this difficult times.
  I have travelled with Qatar twice and it was such an amazing experience flying with them. I will never forget the flight from Bangalore to Doha and the services extended on that flight particularly from this cabin attendant called Akanksha she was the lead of the flight i assume, I am not comfortable flying and she made sure that I was comfortable, she is an epitome of how a professional should be, caring, attentive. I would like to thank the airline and their team for taking care of us.
 Qatar Airways has really touched me as it hasn’t forgotten the human side. They have done a great job in getting people home during the Covid crisis. I got stranded abroad and my original airline, Emirates, totally stopped communication, all their call centres were closed. They totally forgot about their customers. I had to book a new ticket and I chose Qatar and I had a fantastic experience, they got me home safe. Amazing staff and great experience. It was a bit expensive but worth paying for mental peace.
  What a wonderful company. In KL airport we were given face shields to protect ourselves in the lounge and during boarding.They were not uncomfortable, and definitely made me feel more secure whilst travelling. I had been living in a Covid free country and was a little concerned about being exposed. The use of masks, shields and PPE by the staff, really helped me feel safer. The whole experience was wonderful, the Qsuite was perfect. The bed was extremely comfortable, the food was delicious and I ended up having a reasonable sleep on the plane. The crew were amazing, very helpful and professional. The second flight from Doha to London was even better. The crew were very helpful with just the right amount of attentiveness. The plane was spotlessly clean and the PPE worn by the staff was good. They managed to be pleasant and cheerful even when wearing PPE, they were a real credit to the company. The food service was good and the food itself was very tasty. The crew noticed when I was awake and offered tea/coffee. I watched several movies, and there was a wide choice on the IFE. It was a long journey (26 hours with layovers) and I arrived in London feeling well rested and very pleased that I had chosen to fly with Qatar. I would highly recommend Qatar Airways.
 My first time flying with Qatar Airways and the whole experience was absolutely superb. Everything is extremely organized and everyone seems to be on the same page in regards to service and being ambassadors for the brand. I would definitely fly with them again. The U.S. airlines can learn a thing or two from this well-oiled machine. I work in advertising and a brand needs to present a whole picture to build trust. Qatar Airways is an airline you can trust. 
  Helsinki to Mumbai via Doha. Had a return flight departing 08th April 2020 but the flights got cancelled due to the lockdown in India, and submitted a claim on the QR web pages immediately after learning the news. Global pandemics throw everyone into chaos - including us having been shifted to remote work overnight - and getting an update from anyone at Qatar Airways was very challenging: to follow-up called 50+ times to their Doha and Helsinki numbers without success during March-April-May 2020 at different times of the day, the longest wait being 1½ hours. No emails, no updates but the mere word "Open" on their web page. Phone calls and follow-up forms were submitted to no avail. I finally filed a complaint with my bank and disputed the charge with my credit card the first week of June 2020. QR sent an e-mail with travel vouchers (+ 10% extra of the original value) with apologies 08th June 2020 and we'll be happy to book again. We fully understand this pandemic having been an overwhelming challenge to QR, wish somebody had picked up the phone when trying to reach them week after week for over two months since late March. They have been a real delight in the air on a number of occasions over the years and we won't hesitate to fly with them in the future.
 Melbourne to Miami via Doha. It was the best airline experience I have had and if possible will try to fly it exclusively. The service and attention to detail was superb and all care was taken to keep passengers as content as possible.
  Thank you so much for taking us home today. After month being stuck due to Covid19 in a foreign country and having very bad experiences with 2 other airlines (one from Germany and one from Iceland) selling tickets for flights they never really planned to fly just to get fresh money in,we had this great experience with QatarAirways. A Reliable service, free date change of our tickets, outstanding service over the phone, on the app and in person, everybody so helpful, professional safety measures... Full 5 Stars in every aspect. You definitely made 2 new customers. 
  Booked my daughter a return from UK to Perth and was informed post booking that from 15 1/2 they are no longer classed as minors so she'd have to find her own way through the airport. I wasn't comfortable with that especially during covid so booked and paid for a rather expensive accompanied and assist while transiting through. They took her to a lounge and left her there and someone else came later to assist her to flight, no real issues. I realised while checking in on the way back to the UK that the accompanied on the ticket didn't include the return leg which I asked for and assumed with the price paid was completed. We checked at the desk and said he'd sorted it out and all was arranged. She landed in Qatar and was told by the staff on the plane to speak to the staff as she got off which she did. They proceeded to tell her nothing was arranged and to find her own way. 
  We were flying round trip to KTM. We got stuck there due to Covid but they refunded 100% of our money for the one way. That was very nice of them. We love to fly with Qatar Airways. Flown many times and will be flying again. They have best customer service.
  I was hesitant about taking the long way home from the USA to Australia when there were more direct routings however choosing Qatar Airways was absolutely the right decision. While the plane was near empty and the cabin crew wore full PPE, they were really the only indications that we're in the midst of a global pandemic. Food and drink offering were top notch and the QSuite is possibly the best business class product available. The cabin crew were as engaging and hospitable as ever despite the limitations of working in full PPE - they really wanted to ensure we were comfortable and enjoying the flight. Hamad International Airport was empty as was the Al Mourjan Business Lounge so our seven hour transit was a breeze. I admire Qatar Airways for at least attempting to provide a normal level of business class service during these difficult times when almost every other airline has significantly cut their service.
  London to Auckland via Doha on 31st May. My flight was cancelled and no alternative flight was offered. I was told I could claim a refund, but I have still not received it. Have been told it could take up to 3 months for a refund.
  Melbourne to Paris via Doha. I'm writing this review on my mother's behalf. Flying during Corona is scary and it was difficult for my 60 years old mother because she got food poisoning from food she ate at Melbourne airport. A few hours into her flight to Doha, she started throwing up and had no control over her bowel movements. At one point she fainted. The cabin crew were fantastic especially the one female crew who took care of her "like her own mother". My mother's clothes were spoiled and they helped her change and clean, and every 10 minutes that kind female cabin crew visited her and made sure she was comfortable. I cannot thank Qatar airways enough to train your crew well. Shout out to that amazing, wonderful kind woman and to the whole crew for not making my mother feel unwanted and uneasy. Thank you! You've got yourself a lifelong passenger here! Thank you for treating your passengers with compassion and dignity regardless of the class they're flying.  My mother regretted not asking that wonderful cabin crew's name. Thank you!
  Amritsar to Vancouver via Doha. Best airline service. All the crew members are so nice. But Amritsar check in counter service is very poor. First they gave us business class boarding pass at the very end at boarding time they have changed our boarding pass in to Economy, and I asked them why you are giving us separate seats?  It was a long flight and I have to go and check my husband every hour.
  Milan to Male via Doha in February 2020. Qatar Airways is the most beautiful airways in the world. Airbus A350 is a great aircraft, so silent and comfortable. Cabin staff are very gentle, food is top quality. Thank you Qatar Airways for making our trip so good.
  Me and my daughter were in Cyprus and could not leave on our Qatar Airways return ticket from Melbourne to Larnaca due to the Covid19 lockdown. However we managed to get on a UK charter flight to Manchester via Doha to Melbourne recently. This review should really cover the Manchester to Melbourne flight via Doha. We required wheelchair assistance and medical oxygen so it was not a straight forward flight. We have so many people to thank and especially Qatar Airlines which will be the subject of the review here. Customer service was excellent. Qatar Cyprus (Eleni) reached out to us to assist us. Qatar Airways waived all charges for changing the route completely. Once they approved the wheelchair and oxygen they swung into action, we had excellent assistance from Check in to boarding and then disembarking. We were told many times that they will take care of the medical needs by the cabin crew who checked on us frequently during the flight. At Doha, we were picked up and transported to the different gates effortlessly and efficiently and were allowed to stop to get some sandwiches We have nothing but the utmost praise for the cabin crew (Flights QR 28 and QR 904 11th May 2020) for looking after us. Safety due to virus From videos to cleaning the toilets frequently and wearing the appropriate safety gear, they kept us safe during the flight. It can't be easy on the cabin crew as they are exposed to passengers all the time so they are like frontline healthcare professionals. My deep respect for the cabin crews. Qatar Airways - We will get you home (catch cry at the moment). Thank you Qatar for getting us home. Whilst most major airlines abandoned us, you kept flying. You upgraded your safety levels to manage the virus and you kept flying. You are the only major airline that kept flying to Australia. You deserve an award for this. Thank you for flying and as one of your ground staff in Doha said "Qatar will always keep flying no matter what". We wish you the staff and everyone all the best.
  Frankfurt to Sydney via Doha. All it was perfect. Perfect food, perfect crew, perfect time of flight, all was perfect and fine. All crew work hard for economy class to do our flight the best they can.
  Perth to Vienna via Doha on Qatar A350 aircraft. I really enjoyed the trip back home after finishing my 2 months work assignment in Australia. I need to emphasize how comfortable the Economy class seats are. The aircraft is top notch with shiny interior and comprehensive Inflight Entertainment System (free WiFi for 1hr). Also, the meals / drinks on board are  excellent and the staff very friendly.
  Yangon to Zurich via Doha. Booking at airline office in Yangon downtown, check-in procedure at Yangon airport, plane A319 LR. Cabin comfort, high class service level (drinks and meals), cleanliness, amenities are excellent. Business class lounge in Doha, superb! Plane Boeing 787, cabin comfort, high class service level (drinks and meals), cleanliness and amenities are excellent. A top-class airline with high professional top class staff!
  Fantastic Service! Flew from New York to Hyderabad via Doha. Price was a steal for just $1150 one way. It was in the Boeing 777 old business class in 2-2-2 configuration. Even then the seat was so comfortable!. I was able to sleep well in the lie-flat position. They had dine-on-demand which good for traveling through more than 3 time zones. The food was delicious and felt like I was in a restaurant. They have little snacks if you were not that hungry but still want something to eat. I definitely recommend this airline!
  Budapest to Melbourne via Doha. We wish to say a big thank you to Qatar Airways transporting us 14 Australians back to Melbourne, when other airlines have cancelled all flights until further notice. It ids a sign of real kindness.
  Auckland to Helsinki via Doha. Qatar Airways did not shut down all transit traffic in a matter of days like many competitors during this covid-epidemic, this alone deserves a lot of credit. The long flights in economy class with baby bassinet seating were comfortable with very spacious seating and the crew was attentive and prompt. Food, drinks and entertainment was great for economy class. Only thing of improvement would be the Qatar airways internet site, the booking is rather tedious.
  Toronto to Chennai via Doha. It is troubled times with COVID-19 and India was under lockdown. Had to reschedule tickets a couple of times due to restrictions and restricted airspace. Qatar Airways Contact Centre Rep was so very patient, most helpful, empathetic and understood the pressure of the situation and provided multiple options. We don’t see that many people in our day to day life. Thank you.
  Manchester to Nairobi via Doha. This was a itinerary booked with Qatar Airways to Mauritius (with Kenya Airways providing Nairobi to Mauritius flight sector). Manchester to Nairobi flight was good, with ample seat space. Cabin crew kind and attentive throughout. Special meals (Vegetarian Ovo Lacto) was nice. The flight from Doha was even better, with great service and meals of great quality. Generous baggage allowance of 30kg per passenger. Despite the minor issues of delays at check-in at Manchester Airport and some mild chaos at boarding (not due to Qatar Airways, and more Manchester Airport ground staff), I really enjoyed my first flights with Qatar Airways. Transiting through Hamad International Airport was a breeze, despite the bus transfers and a one hour transfer layover time in Doha, but love the airport. Obviously was very much looking to the return flights, but due to cancellation due to the Coronavirus, this did not happen and flew back with Air Mauritius to London Heathrow (review to follow). The flights however will be delayed and will use them in the next 12 months on another Qatar Airways Flight, if they decline my request for a refund. In all, a great experience. Much better than Emirates for sure in terms of cost, baggage allowance and cabin service. Such a shame they do not fly directly to Mauritius - maybe the Mauritian Government read this and approve their application for landing rights on the island - it’s one, if not the best airline around.
  Prague to Kathmandu via Doha. I was generally very satisfied about flying with Qatar Airways, and I want to stress out two positive points, that were above my expectations. Firstly, when arriving to Kathmandu airport, the weather was perfect with all the Himalayan mountain chain greatly visible in front of us. At this moment, the pilots actually made two rounds with our plane, presumably just to let the passengers admire that lovely view before landing. Secondly, I am grateful that on the way back from Kathmandu when the corona virus was already a big issue across almost whole world, the Qatar Airways realized their ordinary flights as long as it was allowed, being +- on time even in such a complicated conditions.
  Frankfurt to Sydney via Doha. In this current tense and nervous time, I would like to thank Qatar Airways for flying my daughter home on Friday 27 March from Frankfurt in Germany (1045am Departure) to Sydney in Australia (645pm Arrival). In an environment when 98% of the worlds global airlines have grounded their fleets, Qatar Airways has stood heads above its competitors and remained firm and got my daughter home safe and sound in 24 hours. My daughter let me know all the way how streamlined and smooth all levels of service were - from check-in to boarding to arrival and quality inflight comfort and security. This airline will always hold a soft spot in my heart - for just getting my daughter home. And thats what I read when I was searching online for an airline - "We will get you home". Thank you, Qatar.
 London to Melbourne via Doha. I would just like to thank the lovely staff at Qatar check-in at Heathrow Airport. They were very helpful and fantastic at helping me stay calm at this terrible time and made the check-in process very easy.
  The A350-900 is the best aircraft I've  experience in my entire life. The seat is really good, slightly wider than other aircraft. Talking about the experience, everything is decent, the meal is decent and enough, you have 3 choices of mains and various choices of drinks including wines. The part that I like the most is the presentation of the security message of the aircraft. Qatar Airways makes in interactive yet humorous ways to talk about it.
 Helsinki to Delhi via Delhi. Good service from Helsinki to Doha but very busy and messy from Doha to Delhi. Overall, got a feeling that cabin crew were under great pressure and stress - not very nice for the customer. Food was okay.
 Phuket to London via Doha. Out of 21 flights we’ve taken over the last year travelling, this was by far the best. We had 2 flights starting in Phuket. All the staff from checking in to flight crew were all super friendly. One stewardess that was excellent on our flight from Doha to London Heathrow (QR015 Monday 23rd March 2020). She was so friendly and helpful for the whole flight. So thank you again for making our flight great. The food was also really good, some of if not the best we’ve had on a plane. Loved the Caramel Mousse! The vegan option for main was very good too (the wife says). All round 2 super flights back home which is a nice ending to our travels.
  Doha to Beirut on 13th March. The flight and service was pleasing but ground service was terrible. Check in was fine and smooth, I had two pieces of luggage with a combined weight of less than 30kgs. I was informed that I was only allowed one piece and that I had to pay for extra piece which turned out to cost 940 Qatari Riyals which is around $250 US. I proceed to the payment office where I use my credit card, everything is going smoothly until I see the receipt. The guy chargeded me 9,400 Qatari Riyals. He said that it would be refunded. I asked for a manager who explains that the refund will be done within the coming week minus the luggage fee. No sense of customer satisfaction or care not to mention the fee itself. 
  Colombo to Warsaw via Doha in December 2019. I filed a complaint 2 months ago and still no money back. The crew is great, food is amazing but the customer service on the phone is tragic. They lost my luggage on the way to Colombo, and it took them 3 days to find out what happened with my bag, no one called me or texted me.  After 7 days they told me to come to airport to gather my bag, cuz they will not bring it to my hotel. I was frustrated, imagine not only I had to buy a lot of stuff but also go back 200 km (in Asia it takes you half a day). I was almost crying when they told me to file a complaint and send checks so they can refund it. And now it looks like Economy class does not count? I am very disappointed.
  Lucky enough to fly Qatar Qsuite from London and Adelaide and back and this review encompasses both. Overall, superb. Qatar staff all good at London, Doha and Adelaide. Prompt and efficient. Doha was unexpectedly good, with airbridge (disembarkation and helpful ground staff to point you in the right direction. London Qatar lounge good, Al Mourjan Business lounge in Doha very good and Qantas Lounge in Adelaide also very good. Upgraded to Al Safwa First Lounge on the way back, which was something else. Ensuite bedroom included, so actually cheaper than a lay-over hotel. But still a luxury. Qsuite is every bit as good as advertised. We flew in the central backward facing seats on the way out. Great novelty factor and the flight literally flew by (no pun intended). Food and drink are amazing, and the flights were simply not long enough to get through it all between London and Adelaide. By the time you've finished playing with the seat, had a few drinks, eaten, watched the movies and slept, you've arrived-feeling raring to go. No jet lag either way and so straight into the holiday. Sat on the window seats on the way home, as the one drawback of the centre seats is no individual air vents, which meant the cabin got stuffy. In the A350 900, the second, smaller cabin is better (almost empty, very quiet) and on the A350 1000, front cabin is better, as the rear one is closer to the galley and WC. Lovely crews who all introduce themselves and remember your name.As always, positive interaction always repaid in full. Bravo Qatar for a once in a lifetime return trip.
  From Doha to Cochi. Qatar Airways Economy class is great, really good service. I am very impressed by cabin crew staff Miss Sakie who served the QR 516 Economy class. The way she deal with the clients are impressive and she was really helpful as well
  London to Doha in economy class in December 2019. The hype of Qatar Airways must be to do with their business class Q suites. The check-in in London was nice and smooth. They have their own check in gate, rather than being part of an alliance check in. Took off on time. But it took staff 2 hours to bring out the first round of drinks which for me is far too long. Then food was served after it, but my food wasn't great all. Staff friendly enough. I would fly them again if the price was right. But it wasn't an airline where I felt it vwas a wow experience. 
  Los Angeles to Doha, I was impressed with kindness of cabin crews, very polite and helpful. Ashmeyta was was of the staff and she was so kind and responsible, in this pandemic of Corona virus when she found that I need a mask she offered me and brought me some masks, that I really appreciate. When they found that some seats are empty they offer other passengers to change their seat for more comfortable travel. Their beverage and serving are excellent. I appreciate their behavior and extremely offer you to try this air line.
  Johannesburg to Danang via Doha 13 March 2020. And, back on the same route due to denied access to Vietnam who had closed borders due to corona fear.  Aircraft were newer A350 and Boeing 787-8. Economy class OK and seat block granted due to my elite FFP status. All flights on time. IFE and WiFi worked well. Plugs available. My food was substandard and drinks were of very limited options (e.g. only 1 brand of beer), however they served a Cava sparkling wine in addition to a single brand of white wine offered.  Lounges acceptable. They apply rigid serving due to “rules, regulations, and policy”. No true warmth to me from FA. Elite Frequent Flyers depraved 50% or more of their miles due to devalued and rigid, intransparent program. When denied entry in Vietnam they left me in transit in Danang for 5 hours. On the return they did not issue me a ticket and wanted me to pay for return ticket which I refused as they were the one accepting me in the first place. When deported back to Johannesburg they took my passport and denied full service e.g. access to drinks. They gave me the worst seats despite being Gold-card holder on BA. A most humiliating experience.
  Qatar Airways business class is great, really good service. We had a 13 hour delay coming back from Phuket to Frankfurt and the support for refunds is terrible. I put my claim in on 1st March the day after we arrived home and received a notification with a case number, since then nothing, I rang customer service and was on the telephone waiting for over 30 minutes, when i did speak to an advisor he said I would hear back within 48 hours, that was a week ago.
  Amman to Sydney via Doha. We are very impressed by cabin crew Inoula and Catalina who served the Upper Deck, Economy, of our Doha - Sydney leg of the trip on 16 March 2020.  We normally travel on Qantas and Emirates Business or First Class. We chose Qatar because it was a sudden change because of Coronavirus and Qatar Airways is also a Oneworld member. Both Inoula and Catalina were always smiling and diligent in 'walking the beat' with her torch after meals while passengers are mostly asleep. When you ask for something they offer some extras. I thought their services compare those I received at Business and First Class. I hope our appreciation can be forwarded to them asap.
  Birmingham to Goa via Doha. he food served to me was not great, on the return journey it was worse. The breakfast was described as scrambled egg, but mine was  one big lump.  The stewards were very good. However there was an incident where my glass was taken away prematurely, a sorry would've been nice. The seats being able to recline is a problem, that needs to be addressed. The woman in front was determined to use her body weight to get the seat as far as back as possible. Luckily she was understanding and moved the seat forwards, but not so was the lady next to me on the 1st part of my return journey, who wouldn't even speak to the stewards let alone move her seat. 
  I had the pleasure of experiencing the A380 from London to Sydney via Doha. Their A380 business seats are the best - hands down. Their business seat plus their level of service is divine! The customer service from booking in and all the way to lounge is sublime. I would happily recommend them!
 Bucharest to Sydney via Doha. I fly Qatar as my airline of choice when I can and have flown them many times, but this is my first review on this platform and just for one flight on one of their A380s, despite having flown on them numerous times. I choose Qatar purely because it is the one airline for me that has a benchmark of standards that are consistently applied across its cabin staff in particular and the aircraft in service. I know that if I fly a smaller A319 from Bucharest to Doha for example or an A380, 777 or A350 long haul, that the cabin crew will be just as polished and polite on each service and the aircraft turned out immaculately. I have flown Qatar in economy and Business, but I am yet to try their First Class product. I have tried the Q-Suite on the 777-ER and for me, that is better than many first-class products on other airlines so no need to try first class!! I am looking forward to flying on the A350-1000 in a few weeks time and will continue to fly Qatar where I can, for me they are the benchmark airline in the industry for onboard service. The one downside for me is their Rewards program which I think is very rigid and overly taxing in terms of reward points they charge for upgrades etc and what they give as rewards. I think they can be more generous with their Privilege Club members, as there are far better rewards programs out there, this is the one area they let themselves down.
  Bangkok to Oslo via Doha. This must be the best business class flight ever. The Qsuites from Bangkok to Doha is just an amazing creation. The excellent seats are really comfy, fully flat and transforms into something like a closed cabin. Gives you a privacy that is highly valued. The food is really excellent as well and served when you ask, allowing you to eat and sleep when you want. Boarding, departure and arrival on time - well organized. From Doha to Oslo the A350 did not offer the Qsuites but the seats were excellent and so was service, food and all the "extras" that Qatar offers their customers, like the pajamas. Nice touch. The connectivity was good and they offer you a free period and thereafter payment, I don't mind paying a bit for good wifi but the charges were a bit on the high side. Otherwise perfect.
  Hyderabad to Dallas via Doha. Qatar Airways service is good. But I was disappointed that the Hyderabad to Doha sector was with Indigo and they didn't provide a blanket to cover. 
 Washington to Doha. Despite all the rave reviews of the Q-Suite, I really don’t like it. While having a single seat by the window is always great and the door is good for privacy, it is not good for sleeping. I can’t bend my knees and the tray table, when closed and stowed, takes away several inches of space. On board service is the usual QR high standard. First and business class immigration clearance in DOH is nice This was an award points trip for me which I had to book almost a year in advance in order to use my points balance before expiration. I found Privilege Club a poor mileage program, inconvenient to use when booking non-QR flights with other One World carriers. You cannot see award inventory online. Rather, you have to send in a request and wait 24 hours to find out if there is availability. 
  London to Bali via Doha, I was very impressed with the cabin staff, very helpful and caring. The entertainment was excellent with a wide choice. The food was nice. The plane was clean as was the toilet, the flight was very good a few bumps but expected on all flights. We are booked to fly to Thailand on 10th March 2020, and we are looking forward to it. Thank you Qatar Airways for a great service, and would highly recommend them.
  Sydney to London via Doha. Flight was as comfortable as a 22 hour flight could be. After 16 hours, no seat is comfortable on the bottom. Staff were lovely and quite accommodating. Food was delicious and exotic. Had a good flight. Flight from Doha to London was just as good.
  Lahore to Najaf via Doha. I would like to appreciate one of cabin crew Mr Usama for his outstanding service and professional behaviour towards customers. He tried to make my journey lot more better. I wish him good luck for his future in your airline. Thanks to Qatar Airways for your great hospitality.
  Beirut to Doha. Attentive and professional I’ve flown with them on business and first class and the service is incredible. Very professional and friendly special the chief stewardess she walking around and introduce herself to us and willing to assist us with anything. The food was amazing during my flight. Overall my journey with Qatar airways was amazing.
  Auckland to St Petersburg via Doha. Fantastic experience. I have a severe peanut allergy which can make flying very stressful. In the past, I was refused from boarding another airline's flight despite the proper paperwork and my own desire and I feared similar results with Qatar Airways, but had the opposite experience. Qatar Airways had my paperwork on file, had requested proper meals for me despite saying they had no nut free options, and even went so far as to move my seat to an emptier row away from passengers who might consume peanuts. They were incredibly professional and made an 18hour flight more stress free than I could ever have imagined. Forever grateful.
  Singapore to Istanbul via Doha. The new Qatar Lounge in Singapore is for sure the best among all Qatar lounges outside Doha. Food, service and design were topnotch. Both flights had the usual high Qatar Airways standard with top notch service and food. The reason why I could not give full marks this time, is that dreadful new safety video I had to endure 4 times. It’s childish, painful for the ears and eyes. Please give me my old safety video back.
 Flying Qatar Airways in economy is nearly always a good experience. So it was this time. The fight from Manchester to Doha with the 777-300ER was excellent. The seats, although they look thin, are really comfy with ample legroom and decent recline. Plane looked fresh. Food and service really good (for economy) and crew helpful and pleasant. The flight from Doha to Bangkok was also very good but the plane look older and a bit "tired". The seats were acceptable but not nearly as good as on the 777. We also lacked USB/Power which is important for me. The entertainment box under seat A was also a bit disturbing. Food and service, as always, excellent. We do like the 2-4-2 configuration. Both flights departed and arrived nearly on time, just slight delay.
 I am a dual British/Australian citizen and fly between the two countries once a year. I've flown with Emirates, Etihad, BA, Singapore and others over the years but my favourite, without contest, and the one I always return to, is Qatar. The planes are always impeccably clean and comfortable, with plenty of leg room (I'm just over 6ft), the service is truly excellent, the food (vegetarian, lacto-ovo) is actually really good, I've never experienced delays or missed connections and yet, somehow, Qatar are consistently one of the cheapest options (I just picked up a one way Perth to London in February for £320). The entire experience is always very calm and rather luxurious, even in economy, and the flight route (between Perth and London) is exceptionally fast. It helps that Doha airport is an example of excellence, too. Strongly recommend - but make sure you don't accidentally end up on a BA flight code sharing with Qatar. BA are the worst airline I've ever had the bad luck to fly this route with.
  Copenhagen to Kathmandu via Doha. I booked 10 seats for our group travelling on 7th February. There were two flights from Doha to Kathmandu, and when booking they were both nearly full. However after having selected seats for all of us, so that our group could sit together, they combined the two flights into one and our seat reservations were gone. I managed to get some reasonable seats booked again, but I always check in online (right after check-in was opened). To my surprise our seats on rows 12-16 (window) had been swapped to the second last row 54,  next to the toilet and kitchen. Something is really wrong with their systems, or the people managing the flight seating in Copenhagen, on other legs the seats were preserved. When I called Qatar to complain, I got the information, that they  could do nothing - it was all in the hands of the check-in counters in Copenhagen, and I could show up there 3 hours prior to departure, to see if I could book some better seats - for the third time. 
  Edinburgh to Perth via Doha. The cabin staff conduct themselves with a smiling high quality service. Toilets were constantly refreshed. Seats were comfortable. Food service on demand worked well. Quality of food was superior to some top grade hotels I have stayed in. A fault in the in flight entertainment defied the best attempts by the cabin staff to get it working properly so a change in the seat was organised. The short change overtime at Doha caused us to miss out on accessing the best business class lounge.  As I have to use a wheelchair on arrivals I found the service quite good but there seems to be constant confusion at changeover places. However we still get to the various drop off or change points.
 New York to Singapore via Doha. I would like to start off by saying that I have flown by Qatar Airways multiple times in the past and have had pleasant experiences. However, my most recent episode has been unprofessional. There was a technical issue with the flight an hour into our journey and we had to turn around.  During these two hours in-flight, no food or refreshments were provided.  The ticket agents were unempathetic despite me telling them that I had to get back as soon as possible. Even though it was 2 am, local passengers were not offered any transport, compensation, food or accommodation. Instead, we spent the night at the airport.
  Dallas Ft Worth to Doha. Amazing experience overall. Outstanding service team led by Karen and Grace. Crab cakes were superb. Entertainment system with great movies. Internet is affordable but didnt work last 3 hours of the flight. Would be nice to know ahead of time which areas are without service. Was in seat 1A. Some noise here everytime someone flushes the toilet. Same seat on 777 is much quieter. A struggle to prereserve seats online. All window seats taken but cannot reserve a middle seat unless traveling with someone. Extremely smooth free transit visa. Arrivals lounge outside baggage claim luxurious. Again superb service. Sandwiches available. Lamb was delicious. Facilities perfectly clean.
  Gatwick to Denpasar via Doha. LGW-DOH Boeing 787-8. The seat layout and function is excellent. Food tasty and plentiful, with a good selection. The cabin crew are professional with a nice balance of friendliness and service. Worth every one of their 5 stars. The only thing that is not up to their otherwise high standard is the Aspire lounge at Gatwick - see my review of that for more details. DOH-DPS Boeing 777 -300 The Qsuite is quite the best business class offering I have travelled in. It’s the only time I didn’t want the flight to end. Add to that the Qatar cabin crew’s impeccable service, then it’s a ‘no brainer’ to book Qatar. DPS-DOH B777-300 Conventional 2-2-2 layout and so having been spoiled in the Q suite on the way out it was a bit of an anticlimax but its ok. The meal service on this sector seemed rushed and there was no drinks offered one had to ask for every one you wanted. I don't know if they were trying to get everybody fed asap to allow people to bed down but it didn't seem to be up to their usual high standard. DOH-LGW Boeing 787-8 Back to their usual high standard
  My wife and I traveled from Houston to Kochi return via Doha on Qatar Airways and the flight to and from were great. Q suite was wonderful, beds were made by the staff, cabin was closed for privacy. Food served when we need it & presentation beautiful. Table cloth, candle light four course meal. Food was Very tasty and served like in a 1st class restaurant. Service was great both ways. Hostess Tika on Houston flight was exceptional. Qatar Airways business class is the best world class airline. We will fly again and recommend it to everyone.
  Gatwick to Doha in October 2019. My food was terrible, the entertainment would be enjoyable if cabin staff wouldn't make announcements during the flight. One announcement in Arabic and then one in English. Complimentary wifi for 1 hour did not work for me.
  Manchester to Da Nang via Doha. Travelling with my son for a Father/Son break. Manchester to Doha on an A350 - absolutely brilliant service, very comfortable seat, great choice of entertainment and food was of the best quality. Doha to Da Nang on a Boeing 787, as above but I didn't find the seat quite as comfy as the A350. Phuket to Doha on a 777 2-2-2 layout, as above. Doha to Man on a Boeing 787. Another great flight. What stood out for me was the absolute high quality of service, both on the ground and in the air. Unfortunately I had hurt my back whilst in Phuket which meant I couldn't walk very far, at Phuket airport I requested wheelchair assistance and Qatar staff came into their own and provided a wonderful service, through customs and security, into the the lounge and a couple of hours later to the aircraft. The same on transiting Doha and final arrival in Manchester. Will now always fly Qatar as the long haul option.
  Amritsar to Atlanta via Doha. I am posting this review on behalf of my mother and father. On way from Amritsar to doha my mom fell in flight and the cabin crew gave foot massage to her. They not only help my mother, they also vacate the nearby seats for her and  provided drinks on regular basis to her. After they reached Doha, cabin crew brought a wheelchair for her and helped them checkin for next flight which was from Doha to Atlanta. From Atlanta also they helped a lot to get onto next plane to Nashville. I am thankful to cabin crew of Qatar Airways who helped a lot to my mother .. thank you, you are really awesome.
  Melbourne to Doha. The food was average in my opinion but I have had better on Qatar. The seats were comfy with a nice padding to it. They also have a standard legroom for a major long haul airline. The check in service is very good. The in-flight entertainment is good and they have a big variety of choices and have a standard screen. For all the times I have looked this airlines is the cheapest so I definitely think the value for money is high.
  Istanbul to Singapore via Doha. Last minute aircraft change from a 773 to a 333 on 4 hr flight from Istanbul, and not a Qsuite. The change of aircraft is becoming irritating. I have been downgraded from a Qsuite three times over the last couple of month without notification or apology.  The 2nd flight from Doha to Singapore was on the gorgeous A350-1000 with the Qsuite and flawless service. What Qatar lacks is consistency.
  Muscat to Cochin return via Doha. On 12 December 2019 Muscat to Doha on A320 (originally it was Boeing 777 while booking but later changed to A320). The Business Class Seat 2F (actually it is called First Class on this short distance sector) was spacious and comfortable without any entertainment facility but can use individual IPad. The attitude and services were polite and best. Doha to Cochin flight was a 13+ years A330-300. My seat was 3K. Welcomed with a genuine smile by name. The Cabin Director introduced her to every business class passengers and the cabin crews were prompt with their services and was very friendly and courteous. Cochin-Doha-Muscat. On 18 January 2020 from Cochin to Doha an old A330 but the crews were outstanding and friendly with the impeccable services and attitude. I had a long layover in Doha for my connecting flight to Muscat. On arrival guided me to Al Safwa Lounge where I was given a reasonably good room for rest/shower/etc. Had a good sleep and shower and was given a prompt call reminding about the connecting flight. Flight Doha-Muscat was a B777-300 which had "QSuite". Welcomed on-board with name and guided to my Seat and given all instructions necessary to familiarize with the facilities available in this QSuite. Though this also was a short flight but had a best experience. Overall Qatar Airways is maintaining their 5 Star standards. I must give them 10/10 for their Staff whose worth should be credibly recognized. I had a very good and comfortable journey.
  Bombay to Copenhagen via Doha. The aircraft on both flights was equipped with Qsuites. The on-board experience was flawless on all fronts - seat comfort, service, meals, and WiFi. (While the Qsuites are outstanding, Qatar's more traditional Business Class configuration is as good or better in some respects.) The experience outside the aircraft was far less impressive. Our flight from DOH-CPH was delayed by 6 hours and while the Qatar personnel were very friendly, there was no clarity in their updates. The Al Mourjan Lounge in Doha during crowded hours is unpleasant, they should fix this.
  Our flight from PER to DOH was cancelled three hours after the flight was due to depart due to technical issues with the plane. Qatar Airways staff informed travellers that they would be booked on the next available flight. However, no information about re-routing was provided and passengers were told to check for text messages. Our attempts to reach the Qatar Airways call centre in Doha were not successful. Six hours after the scheduled departure time and we still had not received text messages. Qatar Airways moved passengers to their flight 24 hours later. We informed Qatar Airways staff that we did not want to be re-routed. and we booked new flights with Emirates.  Qatar Airways forced passengers to wait 24 hours to avoid re-routing customers with a competitor.  Much of this angst could have been avoided if Qatar Airways had been genuine about minimizing disruption to customers. The new flights cost us $1,500 each, which is $650 more each than the original flights. We sought compensation from Qatar and they declined to offer any compensation. Customer service was completely unhelpful and did not make us a token offer. 
 My flight got delayed to depart from Hong Kong so airline changed my connection flight from Doha, which happened to be 8 hours after I landed in Doha. It gave me a chance to visit the city just for 6 hours. Both flights were great. Doha - Kyiv crew were especially kind and professional. Loved it.
 Kyiv to Hong Kong via Doha. I think for the past 5 years Qatar Airways is my airline of choice. Wish to be able to fly more with it. Compared to another airlines this one is really stands out for me. Quality service on board and on the ground, seat comfort, entertainment, wi-fi, food. Can't wait to fly again with them.
  Los Angeles to Male via Doha. Their long haul business class hard product ranges from excellent QSuites, to below average non QSuites. The service on board is generally very good, as is the food. Our flight has been downgraded to a non QSuite equipped aircraft and they did not notify ahead of time that the product has been downgraded. This creates a problem for people who are traveling together who have pre-selected seats based on a QSuites seat map. They do not offer any kind of token compensation to passengers who complain when their flight has been downgraded. We specifically book Qatar Airways on a 16 hour flight for their QSuite product. I understand operational issues happen which can sometimes necessitate an aircraft swap, but not notifying passengers and not offering at least an apology or a token gesture such as bonus miles and or vouchers, is unacceptable.
  London to Dhaka via Doha. When an airline really makes an effort to make their economy class passengers feel valued, it should be praised. Not only are Qatar Airways flight attendants charming and well turned out, they present meals and beverages with utmost attention to detail. So many airlines provide economy catering that smacks of contempt for passengers. Here, the quality, quantity and presentation of the meal services are best in the industry. Metal cutlery, beautifully designed meal trays, re-usable plastic for salad and desert, Godiva chocolate with tea or coffee, is this economy?
  Athens to Shanghai via Doha. I could not check in online for my trip to Shanghai, I tried multiple times within 36 hours of the flight, and I had successfully checked in online for my outgoing flight Shanghai-Athens. The website stated "sorry, we could not check you in at this time, please try again later". Not being able to check in online, I had to wait for 45 minutes at check in, where I was told that I had to pay extra for the 3 kg over the 30 kg baggage allowance, at 45 euros per kg. After removing 2.5 kg from the luggage and putting it in my carry on, I was told I had to pay for the extra 0.5 kg. I had a very tight connection at Doha, part of it scheduled, part of it because the flight arrived late and they bussed us to the terminal. I rushed to my connecting flight and I made it, but my luggage did not. I filed a delayed luggage report at in Shanghai. The suitcase came with the next day's flight but it was delivered 8-9 hours after the flight arrived.  On board the service was good, the F&B average, inflight entertainment good, but they don't make up for the above points.
  Sydney to Amsterdam via Doha in September 2019. The in flight service was good, the plane was new and the cabin crew were helpful. However they cancelled our return flight about 48 hours notice prior to departure via email, did nothing to assist us with reimbursement of out of pocket expenses and cut our holiday short. They suggested we depart from another airport several hundred km's away and were quite unhelpful. I would have happily accepted this change if they were helpful and offered to cover our out of pocket expenses or offered some small goodwill gesture like a discount on a future flight. I wont be flying with them again.
  Denpasar to Copenhagen via Doha. Menu, service, facilities and comfort are on top level. Only sometimes some of the planes might have slightly worn off equipment, but staff do everything to make your trip pleasant and comfortable. That was the best flight experience we had of all our trips..
   Manila to Doha. The food is better now, i noticed that the food is prepared by Quisine (something new). The crew in our zone was not able to remember that i requested a drink, just told that she will come back but never returned back. Seat was just fine for a 5’8’’ height. Wifi I availed the unlimited connectivity but have two hours disrupted. The cost is $10 for  9 hrs flight and the way they offer free one hour wifi as well. Entertainment with a good variety. Pillow, blanket, socks, eye patch, ear plugs, toothbrush and toothpaste provided. All bags of mine (4) were handled carefully.
  On 09 November 2019 I flew with Qatar Airways from Doha to Karachi, everything was perfect including dinner, check in and immigration because I'm living and working in Qatar since 4 Years, however no IFE due to 02 hours journey and I arrived in Karachi before schedule time. 
  London to Colombo via Doha. Cabin service was very mixed. A few of the staff did not care about me, others smiled and served  and a few are genuinely good cabin staff. I had to wait 15 mins for a green tea. My food was super bland, special vegetarian meals. They did have a good seat that was comfortable and a great selection of latest movies. I just felt that the cabin crew couldn't really care about me.
  Dhaka to Helsinki via Doha. The overall flight experience was ok. But from Dhaka, the flight was showing delay for technical issue, then the connecting flight missed and changed to next connecting flight with 16 to 18 hours layover. Though they have very good hotel services with food, transportation. 
 Bangkok to Heathrow via Doha. We have flown with Qatar for the last 3 years and normally have no complaints. On our journey out we were delayed and when asking staff how long will it be delayed for we were told conflicting stories.  Once boarded we noticed our headphones were dirty and my partner's didn't work but staff changed them for another pair. When the staff come round with the meals there wasn't anything my partner wanted left as they had run out but a little while later the cabin crew appeared with the meal he had asked for.  Flying home on the Airbus was much nicer and actually enjoyed this flight. Delayed out of Heathrow by over 2 hours and missed connecting flight from Doha to Bangkok but Qatar staff at Doha dealt with the situation efficiently and boarded us on next available flight which was only an hour behind the original departure time. Heathrow ground staff 2 and Doha ground staff 5 and Bangkok ground staff 5 star. Boeing 777 seats not comfy as the Airbus. 
  Colombo to Edinburgh via Doha. First sector was on a LATAM A350 crewed by Qatar staff and with the Onyx entertainment system. Boarded and there was no champagne on offer as it "hadn't been chilled, but we will serve as soon as it is cool". It turned up after about twenty minutes. My wife and I were sitting in row 4. Our meal and drink orders were taken in seat row order - no priority for us - so they were not sure if my vegetarian wife's choice of pasta would be available, but fortunately it was. Post take-off drinks arrived, and there were no champagne flutes left to serve it in so we got normal wine glasses. We asked for sauvignon blanc to go with the food but were told this needed chilling. It arrived after fifteen minutes later, but when we asked for another glass we were told there was no more available. Overall, this sector all seemed a bit shambolic. The second sector went without a hitch, and  we slept all the way on their very comfortable flat bed.
  Flying from Amman to Johannesburg via Doha I noticed that my left leg had quite a bit of swelling during the Amman Doha leg. I told the staff when I arrived in Doha and they were outstanding. A medic was immediately called to have a look at my leg. The staff insisted to see a doctor to make sure the swelling was nothing more serious and so I was taken to the Airport clinic where I was seen by two doctors who were confident it was just swelling due to an old knee injury I had aggravated. I missed my flight to Johannesburg bit was put on the next one 4 hours later and given a premium economy seat to ensure I could stretch out my leg. The staff were attentive and efficient. They were outstanding.
  Milan to Muscat via Doha. All four legs with the new A350. Aircraft clean and in good conditions, cabin crew very professional with good service. IFE of new generation , I found it ok. What I don't understand, is the ground service for the transfer. No fingers, only bus but due to the lack of them, we waiting too much time. Seats with average legroom, even if I found them rather narrow. All in all a good experience.
  Pisa to Melbourne via Doha. I travelled with Qatar Airways for the first time on 28th December 2019, the service from Pisa to Doha was good, the staff seemed inexperienced, the manager on board was very good and super friendly and helpful. Overall quality and price was good. The flight from Doha to Melbourne I found the seats to be very uncomfortable . The service was slow, maybe due to a shortage of staff, The overall service, quality and price was good. The food was average. 
  Amman to Perth via Doha. I have used Qatar Airways as my preferred carrier since 2015, travelling at least six to seven times a year from Australia to Africa and recently to Amman. I have traveled  with other airlines, however Qatar is far superior in all aspects, including comfort, service, professionalism and overall flying experience. Qatar will continue to be my airline of choice due to their overall service, quality and professionalism. 
  Ahmedabad to New York via Doha. Qatar Airways was the best choice especially during long trip like 13 to 14 hours. Cabin crew very polite, responding and engaging. Food was outstanding. Seats are pretty comfortable and wide enough to stretch your legs. It is the best airline among other airlines I travelled in. I would definitely fly with Qatar airways again.
  Service and food was super. The aircraft from Doha to Athens was an 8 year old A320 with very uncomfortable seat for me. Pay more money for the business class and to fly with an A320  is really not worth it for me. There was no wifi on this flight.
  Kuala Lumpur to Houston via Doha. My outbound was delayed by 6 hours, really appreciate how early they informed me of this by SMS, so I could spend the extra time at home rather than pacing the airport terminal. QR's is one of my favourite cabins - from lighting to accoutrements, everything just feels like it has a little touch of class. The F&B is very good, I appreciate the presence of a vegetarian option in the regular onboard menu. MI like how sparking wine is an option even in the cheap seats, and the offer of a chocolate square after the main meal service. The staff are patient and keen to offer good service. 
  Doha to Los Angeles. Thank you very much for the trip, it was amazing. Stewardess￼ are beautiful and very polite, especially Katsiaryna. She really helped us. 
  Oslo to Johannesburg via Doha. The staff were friendly and food was good. We were delayed in Oslo for 2.5 hours for deicing the plane. We are delayed two hours in Johannesburg waiting for our luggage and they did not tell us what was happening.
  My wife and I flew business class from Heathrow to Colombo via Doha. All I can say is what an outstanding service. The seating was spacious, very comfortable and very flexible in seating to bed position. Food was excellent, served very professionally, good variety and so very tasty. Staff were, without exception, just outstanding. So very friendly and helpful and went out of their way to please. One member of the cabin crew needs special mention for the excellent and friendly service she provided my wife and I on one of the legs to Colombo and one on return. Deanna can be described as outstanding. She is a credit to Qatar Airways and deserves this recognition.
  The quality of food offered was quite satisfactory but the amount of it left me hungry. After using a Business Class washroom and walking the length of the plane to stretch  my legs, I was followed by a male flight attendant who stated that I was not entitled to use this washroom. He never inquired where I was seated. The purser had to intervene on my behalf and call that flight attendant to order. 
  Copenhagen to Mumbai via Doha. For the CPH-DOH leg we were in the older Business Class layout, for the DOH-BOM we had Qsuites. While the Qsuites are outstanding, I think there is something to recommend the older layout, too - it feels more open and and it is very spacious. Inflight service on both the legs was superb. Qatar's (paid) wifi also works well. The Al Mourjan lounge in DOH can get crowded but on this occasion we hit it at a less busy hour. Qatar offers probably the finest onboard Business Class product today. The company has work to do regards customer service and support outside the aircraft.
  Our flight from Johannesburg to Doha in September was delayed, on arrival our flight to Antalya left. Qatar Airways put us (a family of 4) on another flight via Istanbul connecting to Antalya. After a difficult and tiring trip our luggage did not arrive. I requested the luggage tags to proof that our bags was loaded on the new flight but Qatar was unable to provide any proof. We made several attempts to Qatar airlines to compensate us for the delayed luggage and other costs but to no avail. On our return on business class our flight to Johannesburg was delayed and after boarding the flight passengers was asked to disembark. The country manager in South Africa was not really helpful attempts to arrange a face to face meeting with him failed.
  Melbourne to Sofia via Doha. Our holiday actually involved 4 flights with Qatar Airways and all were excellent. The takeoffs, landings and flights were all smooth and ran on time. Boarding procedures were efficient as was disembarkation. Staff were well trained and friendly never getting impatient with passenger demands particularly as they had to work hard with so many passengers on board. The amenities were always clean. I was really impressed and appreciative of the care and attention I was given by staff particularly Prue as I blacked out and landed on the floor in the galley area. She instilled confidence in me with her calm, friendly demeanor and provided oxygen for me. Prue also kept check on me and provided food and a regular supply of water through out the remainder of the flight. I was further impressed when I was again checked by the staff on my on going flight. Even without this incident I would still recommend the airline.
  I asked for a good leg space seat and my offered seating for today's upcoming flight from Manila to Doha is the window, even though I am a platinum member in economy I can't have both. I have an exit row, good for leg space but an aisle seat.
  I was denied check in because of my last name. There is an ö in my last name. Since the letter ö does not exist in the English language, my friend who booked the tickets called customer service to check what they recommend. The call center agent said that it should be spelt with an "o" and changed the ticket. The ticket in fact had "oe" in my name but we did not check this during the months before the flight. When we tried to check in at the airport the staff just told us to contact customer service because they could not check us in. After discussing with  customer service for almost an hour it turned out that they were not able to help us. My friend was allowed to check in and board the plane but I had to buy a new ticket because of a mistake. After waiting for a response for over six weeks they informed me that they will not pay for the new ticket.
  Copenhagen to Bombay transiting through Doha. Qatar's Business Class onboard product is the Gold Standard in the industry. The CPH-DOH flight featured the older Business Class layout, the DOH-BOM was Qsuites. While Qsuites justifiably get all the buzz and the accolades, the older Business Class arrangements is nothing to sneeze at. In fact, in some ways I prefer it - it just seems more spacious and less claustrophobic. Inflight service on both flight was, as usual, warm and efficient. One area where Qatar falls short is customer service, both on the telephone and online. The Al Mourjan lounge in Doha cannot handle the traffic at its current levels and it diminishes the overall quality of the experience.
  Zanzibar to Sydney via Doha. Zanzibar to Doha it the Boeing 787 was good and new aircraft, but I found it very warm. Food was not to the top as on other sector, staff were polite and courteous, toilets were best and clean. Doha to Sydney 14 hours on A350, best service you can get and best entertainment, decent food, amenities kits. On this sector they serve final breakfast or main mean 90 minutes before landing, as a result everything was fast. Also notice that they dont pick up tray from your table until an hour after mean is served so we cant move.
  Sydney to Nairobi via Doha. Excellent check in service, inflight entertainment, polite and courteous staff and cant find any mistake in their passenger handling. I think that the reason why they are top amongst all airlines.
 Berlin to Doha. The usual chaos at overcrowded Tegel airport. Lounge well below any standard. Tiny departure gate waiting area could not accommodate all passenger comfortably. The usual high standard QSuite, but food was disappointing. Just a tasting main course with tiny servings; very unusual for a 6h flight in business class. Overall good seat and service, poor standard of food.
  Doha to Kigali. The 787 is a miserable aircraft in economy, 3-3-3 seating is amongst the most unpleasant. The video boxes under the seats take up precious room in an already-tight environment. DOH to KGL was exceptionally awful. The 787 we boarded had maintenance issues - I was in a seat where the audio jack was jammed with an object. Engineering responded and removed it and asked me to try the jack. It still didn't work.  In the air, I was moved to an available aisle seat in front of the bathrooms and the headphone jack was barely functioning. I complained again. The Flight Services Manager, a very nice woman, told me she was not empowered to move me to Business. I was offered another middle seat even further back into the purgatory of this 787. I declined and suffered a horrible flight with an IFE that was useless and a seat that was bumped and used by passengers as an arm rest waiting to use the bathrooms. 
  Doha to Amsterdam in Business Class. We were  delighted to enter a new Q Suites cabin with amazing interior and absolute privacy as there was a door to close your seat. Great service from the bottom of the crews heart. We were seated at 3K and 4J and had the best service of our lives from Ms Harman and the Mohammad. Attention to detail, a genuine smile and grooming, were all immaculate. Kudos to the crew for such an unforgettable experience.
  Bangkok to Frankfurt via Doha. The check-In was, due to the high number of passengers, a bit time-consuming and the staff average on friendliness. The departure / arrival was punctual and the aircraft made a good maintained impression. The entertainment was very extensive and left nothing to be desired. The seat distance was sufficiently good and the board catering of an airline like Qatar Airways reasonably well. Overall, a good experience.
  Maputo to Lahore via Doha. I flew more than 8 times on Qatar Airways and the service is very satisfactory. The crew is very kind respectful and supportive they answer every call and take care. The food on board is tasty,  on long fights they give amenity kit even in economy class as well. Doha Airport is world class and i Love it every time i am there, best in the World in my opinion.
  New York JFK to Doha on 22 November. After leaving the gate  the pilot informing that it needed to be returned to repair a defect. We were kept seated at the gate but plied with drinks and snacks. It was a late night flight and we were all ready to nap in our Q-Suites. Frequent announcements were to the effect that mechanics were trying to fix the defect. Then the announcement came to disembark and wait at the gate area with an update provided in about 90 minutes. It was already 1 am. And the it was announced that parts would have to be flown in from Doha before the repair could be completed. Is it believable that JFK airport does not have spares for a Boeing aircraft? We were told to exit the terminal and claim our bags from luggage claim. Lines formed for finding alternative flights. The phone number for customer service went unanswered as it was outside operating hours. No hotel accommodation was provided for local residents. We left and sent emails to Qatar Airways that we were cancelling our journey as they could not operate the flight. In a week our credit card was refunded the price. We bought pricier tickets on Emirates and flew out in the morning having paid for a hotel at the airport and a hotel night at our destination because we arrived very late.
  London to Bangalore via Doha. The first time I flew Qatar Business Class, I was so impressed by the Q Suites that I booked three more trips, however this trip was a huge disappointment, Q-suite from Heathrow to Doha, but no Q Suite on the Doha to Bangalore leg, instead a very old fashioned seat arrangement, I was in 1A, which, given my limited mobility, made it very difficult to step over the person in 1B. The wifi was not working on either flight. On the return flights to London there was no QSuite from Doha to Gatwick, and no fresh orange juice, so annoying to get an inconsistent service when you are paying the same money for a ticket.
  London to Kathmandu via Doha. I enjoyed my flight with Qatar Airways. Cabin crew was very professional and friendly, food and drinks was brilliant. I would like to say keep it up guys and thanks a lot for your hospitality.
  Perth to Munich via Doha. First time for a while travelling solo but the cabin crew made sure all my needs were attended to. Always polite, courteous and smiling. It’s such a great welcome for an 11 hr flight.
  Stockholm to Bangkok via Doha. As always two very good flights wit Qatar, very punctual taking off and arriving early. Frist leg in a Q-Suite which gives you best privacy of any business class I have been on so far, but rather hard seat, what you especially feel when you have it flat for sleeping. A mattress would be perfection the Q-Suite. In the rest I have nothing to complain off. On the B777 with an old configuration you have less privacy, but I definitely prefer the seat for its sleeping comfort. Impeccable crews and services on both flights. Entertainment system better on the Airbus. One of my preferred airlines!
  Manchester to Islamabad via Doha. Overall a good airline but queuing times at some check-in needs sorting. The airline itself is a good one to fly with. My young daughter of 18 months was upset throughout the flight however Qatar Airways were very responsive. On the return journey one of the flight attendants kept brushing past me on the way through the aisles. At one point I had to point this out to him he seemed apologetic but brushed past me again. Check in staff at in Islamabad need some training as they are awful in the way they speak to you.
  London Heathrow to Doha. Boeing 777 seating is now 3-4-3, these are narrow and so are the aisles. Both outward and homeward bound flights had this configuration and the seat selected is not always the seat allocated. The pad used by the crew welcoming me showed that there was nobody sitting next to me in my aisle seat at the rear of the aircraft but the two seats were occupied. Eventually the cabin crew allocated me a different seat and apologised. Both flights were on time and fairly full.The food was average, apparently the menu is changed every 3 months so choose a different meal on one flight or you get the same thing twice.  Clean aircraft, efficient crew and a good reputation still make Qatar my airline of choice -just reverse this seat densification nonsense to retain your status.
  Sydney to Warsaw via Doha. The service on the planes was very good, a lot of space, new aircraft, even he had a free wifi for an hour on a route Doha-Warsaw. However, in Sydney check in was very slow. We checked in online the day before so we need only to go to baggage drop off. Because there was no self check in, we had to wait in a line to baggage drop off for about 1.5 hour. Passengers who wanted to check in at the airport waited less time. 
  Copenhagen to Tokyo via Doha. The lady who checked my in changed my seat, even though I reserved in advance - she tried to convince me those seats were very good, perhaps the best in economy, turns out they were one of the worst, next to toilets and galley. The seats were narrow for me, even though they advertise greater legroom. Cabin service was average.
  Manchester to Lahore via Doha. The flight from Manchester to Doha on October 25th the airline was clean, but my son who is 5 years old was given the meal the same time as me, then after food was given they took time to collect the tray from. The rest of the flight was okay, onward flight to Lahore wad good. The flight from Lahore to Doha was a delay with no explanation, the aircraft was quite warm and smaller and dated. When arrived Doha there was no details on the board of which gate to go to, but a friendly Qatar women who told us that we had 40 min to go gate e2. The service was really good, clean and space was good and cool temperature, flight from Doha to Manchester was good.
  It was my 3rd time with Qatar Airways and I have noticed the experience deteriorating. Lounge at Gatwick airport was very poor quality. On arrival in Doha we had just over 2 hours to freshen up but were unable to have shower due to large number of transferring people. There were 23 people on waiting list for showers. a. On the way back from Jakarta there was shortage of food choice  available. On our arrival in Doha after delayed flight from Jakarta, a long waiting list for showers so luck again.
  So impressed with Qatar Airways. I travel long distance a lot and this was the easiest my 23 hour flight time has been yet! What made my experience was the excellent service! I didn't catch the first girls name but she served us in row 69, Sydney - Doha on the 16th November and she was so lovely with great service. Then our second flight we were matched with such hospitality from Doha - Dublin. We really appreciated it and will definitely fly Qatar again!
  Kuala Lumpur to Doha, returning from Paris via Doha, by A333, A380, A350 respectively as family with kids age 2/4/6. A333 interior looks okay, but the entertainment system was outdated and difficult to use. A380 / A350 was wyy better & entertainment system was good. Staff attentive, efficient, always available and friendly. Cabin clean, food taste moderate, some activity books/bag were offered for kids. Leg room on A350 a bit tight when the front person lean back, but still reasonable. Will fly with them again.
 Manchester to Phnom Penh via Doha. Very confusing booking procedure; I booked on Qatar Airways website and received the booking, but then was told that I would need to present my credit card at the check-in, leaving plenty of time for my flight. I got the impression that the booking might be cancelled, despite the fact that the money had already been taken from my account. The first time I had such an experience with any airline. I arrived at the check-in desk hours before the flight and stood waiting for over an hour and a half only when check-in began did they tell me I needed to go to the office, where they debited and repaid one pound! Fast channel security was overcrowded and took a long time (not QA's fault of course). Boarding was smooth, and then once on the plane service was magnificent. Excellent flight, very good seat. FAs were very helpful and polite throughout. Deboarding complicated, we had to wait and then board buses. I thought I had time in Doha Airport to relax but was underestimating the delay going through security a second time, and then getting to the departure gate, where there was a kind of chaos. Put on another (business class) bus. Again, once on the plane, the service was impeccable - arrival in Phnom Penh used a tunnel, not buses.
  Doha to Barcelona, flying a plane from LATAM with old business class seats. The plane was old and different from what the Qatar airways website says, it leads customers clearly wrong in terms of quality expectations.
  Venice to Doha. Check in in Venice was quick and effective. I was quite late so I didn’t have to wait. I was seated on my prebooked seat. I had a quick look at the lounge but was not impressed. An old Airbus with a 2-2-2 configuration in business class. For a daytime 5hr 25 mins flight the comfort is okay however the seat is hardly suitable for sleeping. The food selection was good and the staff excellent. If Doha is your final destination I can recommend this flight. Actually there is no other direct flight from Venice to Doha. If you go to other destinations and use Doha as a hub think twice whether it is worth the detour.
  Hong Kong to Doha. Check in at the In Town Check In in Central is very convenient . I was told I have the reserved window seat but I checked twice and it was not the seat I reserved. I had expected a Q-Suite but the plane was a Boeing 777 with a 2-2-2 configuration in business class. I complained but the very friendly staff at check in can’t do much. I had complained to Qatar airways and they just say that they can change planes according to their conditions of carriage. Boarding was smooth and the flight left on time. The seating is an old business class seat. Seating comfort is very limited and I could not use it for sleeping. Entertainment is the usual movie program. Wifi was not available on this plane. Another surprise was the very limited offer of food with no main course (breakfast of Scrambled Eggs with Chicken Sausage a main course). The cabin staff did its best - very friendly and willing to cope with me being a bit grumpy on this flight. I can’t recommend Qatar unless you need a non stop connection to Doha. 
  Goa to Warsaw via Doha. Qatar Airways is a good airline but I lowered my rating as our flight was delayed and feel the ground crew could have handled the situation better. They did however accommodate us in a very good hotel about an hour away, for 5 hours before we had to leave back for the airport. Also, having kids in the group, would have expected to make our transit in Doha a little more comfortable considering that our transit time was 5 hrs which is 3 hrs more than the original time. I have flown before on Qatar Airways and been a good experience everytime but this one time I was really knackered as we begun our journey at 0.30 hrs on 11/11 and ended it 34 hrs later.
 Heathrow to Tokyo via Doha. Have flown business many times (mostly BA) but this is the first time I have flown Qatar Airways but it won't be the last. This flight was BA business Heathrow to Doha and Qatar Airways Doha to Tokyo and I must say the Qatar Airways flight made BA look like an economy budget airline. We were in the Qsuite and it really was exceptionally good with plenty of space and good facilities. Can't comment on the ground as we were only in transit but the service, food and seating were exceptionally good and so glad I decided to go this route.
  Manila to Gothenburg via Doha. The flight from Manila to Doha was delayed for five hours and it was not communicated to me why the delay occured. The experience onboard the aircraft was very good, but I missed my connecting flight and was rebooked on flight from Doha to Stockholm. 
  Doha to Hong Kong. Check In was very fast at the dedicated premium Check in in Doha. I was told that I am on my pre-booked seat 8K. The lounge is huge and looks good however the food is pretty mediocre and the shower capacities very limited. Upon boarding it was not a QSuite but an aged business class 2-2-2 configuration, they had not informed me of a changed in plane. The cabin staff tried to make good but were surprised I was not informed about the change of planes.  Food was breakfast and things - no real main course for me on an 8 hour plus flight. 
  Manchester to Bangkok via Doha. The service on board was excellent after my last experience with them it was definitely a massive improvement. Doha to Bangkok flight QR832, on 25th October the stewardesses serving seats 32 and 33 H,J,K window seats were absolutely fantastic we were travelling as a group of 6 3 adults and 3 children. Their attentiveness to the children was brilliant and beyond expectation. Flights back from Bangkok and Doha to Manchester we had a stopover of 4 days in Doha were fine too. The problem was the Bangkok check in staff. If you are travelling from Bangkok make sure that you power banks have a capacity label on because Bangkok Airport security will not allow it to go through if it doesn’t have a capacity label which I learnt to my expense! Mine that I had had for 5 years was in my bag and as going through security must have fallen out of my bag so they checked it and cos it didn’t have a label they refused to let it through. I went back to check in to ask for assistance and staff could only give me advise to take it to the post office and post it to my Uk address (I did go to post office but they refused saying they can’t post batteries). The lack of attentiveness of this check in staff and then her colleague was disgusting. The issue here wasn’t the power bank but it was the sentimental value it had attached to it that can never be replaced. I found out later if staff had given me a letter to say that they give permission for me to take it on the plane then Bangkok Airport security would allow me to take it. 
  Melbourne to Munich via Doha. Flew with Qatar for the first time to Europe, normally I fly with Emirates but thought to try out Qatar Airways this time. So glad I did. On our first flight to Doha, my seat was broken, the seat recliner would not stay upright. Not fun on what is to be a long 15 hour flight. I notified the flight attendant of this at the beginning and was told they will look into it and then left. I wasn't expecting much on an economy fare but 5 minutes later the flight attendant comes back with his supervisor and within minutes my seat was fixed. The supervisor was Deyan and he was exceptional - after fixing my seat, he looked after me and my mother for the entire flight making sure we were comfortable and checking on us from time to time. His customer service and skills was outstanding and because of him, my mother and I have raved about Qatar Airways and will definitely use this airline for our future travels. Thank you to Deyan and the cabin crew for looking after us on our flight with Qatar Airways. What a great first experience!
  Cardiff to Cape Town via Doha. I missed my connecting flight from Doha to Cape Town and was stranded at the airport at 01h40, as you can imagine I was very stressedd. One of the staff, Londikile,  kindly comforted me and calmed me down and escorted me to the Transit desk on the other side of the airport. She went to liaise with one of the Supervisors, and they managed to get me onto the next flight to Johannesburg at 07h00. I am truly grateful for the kindness, shown towards me by these 2 special ladies and the staff at the transit desk, who also assisted me, so that I could contact my family in Cape Town. I can see why Qatar Airways has won awards over the last years, as it is due to their friendly service, professionalism and their culture towards their customers. Please convey my heartfelt thanks to these 2 employees, they went beyond and above. 
  Helsinki to Jakarta via Doha. First time with Qatar and first time with Boeing 787. First leg was with A350 and this was pretty decent flight. Seats were great, entertainment was great and touch screen worked smoothly. Service with mainly Asian cabin crew was excellent. BI found the food literally suck, my wife said she cannot eat hers. 
  Mahe to Langkawi via Doha on 22 October. My flight couldn't land at my destination due to bad weather, which I understand, We were meant to arrive at 5pm but we didn't arrive at our hotel in another part of Malaysia until 10pm. We were informed at 11.30pm that we would get put on the next available flight in the morning. I was told to wake up at 3am for a 4am departure, at the airport I was informed I was not on that morning flight as their wasn't enough space for me and my flight not due to depart until 4:30pm. Frustrated that I missed a night in my hotel I was now angry that I had little sleep and was forced to wake up for a flight that wasn't booked for me. Very poor communication and no apologies were given just that they were "trying their best". At the airport there was no manager around, there should have been a manager dealing with the passengers on this flight.  I was informed that I had missed the shuttle back to the hotel so I had to wait another hour until the next shuttle arrived. I demanded they pay to put me in a taxi but they refused. I asked for them to phone Qatar customer service line but they declined. I finally got to the airport and once again my flight was delayed by a further 2 hours. I didn't arrive at my destination until 11pm that night. So a full day wasted. I arrived 31 hours after I was scheduled to arrive at my destination. Qatar Airways refused to provide compensation.  I think this is disgraceful customer service. I will personally never recommend or book with them again.
  My flight from Melbourne to Doha on 5 November 2019 was cancelled at the last moment. We had to disembark and wait for 2 hours to be told that the flight is cancelled and they cannot tell us when we will be rebooked again. They have provided no compensation and I didn’t have travel insurance. 
  Nice to Bangkok via Doha. I travel regularly between Bangkok and Nice and between Bangkok and the Middle East, and have used Emirates for several years. This time I opted for Qatar, keen to experience the Best Business Class and they also had a saver fare which caught my attention. Nothing to fault in the cabin, seat layout, service etc on the Nice to Doha sector. Quiet, comfortable journey. Outstanding lounge in Doha with a quiet area - ideal for a four hour stopover. The lounge in Terminal 1 at Nice is a tawdry affair but it's the same with the shared lounge for Emirates in Terminal 2. Doha to Bangkok on an old Boeing 777 with a 2x2x2 seat configuration. This is the world's best business class I asked myself. Noisy Boeing 777, uncomfortable seats. So this is what you get for a saver fare? Pyjamas, yes - mattress no. 
  Gatwick to Colombo via Doha. We arrived at check out before it had opened, to wait 1 hour 40 minutes to check in. Throughout the check in staff checked our passports, asked where we were flying and if we had a visa.  We rushed to the flight with little time to spare due to the delay at check in and sat for 30 mins to get on board. The Boeing 787 seats are cramped, my in flight entertainment was broken and they  ran out of my first and second choice of meal. Doha to Colombo was an ex-LATAM A350. The seats were better. Staff were better and I got my choice of meal. My entertainment also worked. 
  Doha to Dhaka. Boarding was quick. The seat configuration was 2+4+2. Legroom was good. The cabin service including drinks, was fine as was the food. The air-hostesses were charming and helpful. Entertainment was good but not as good as on the LHR-DOH sector. A very pleasant flight.
  Geneva to Penang via Doha. Both legs were excellent: staff most attentive, helpful. The layover at Doha was long: about 9 hours (didn't realise when the flight was booked for me). On both flights the staff were most excellent: always helpful, unobtrusive and cheerful. The food was excellent. What I like most about Qatar Airways is that they are very generous with the hot/cold towels (I like the hot version better). Doha airport is quite amazing (much better to my mind than Dubai). Boarding in Geneva was a breeze and the same in Doha. On the Doha - Zurich leg they use the new A350 - which has the little "cabins" privacy walls: really nice, unfortunately not on the GVA to PEN route (yet!) Had been meaning to write about the excellent service and food and general quality of the airline for a while (have been on a few flights with them this year - also good prices in Business - depending on the period). During the layover had a shower and a little "roomette" - quite spacious actually where you can relax and even sleep. The food and drinks the Business lounge in Doha is excellent: spacious and various choices of "venues". At Geneva the lounge is decent, no frills, but OK for Europe. So far all my flights with Qatar this year have been excellent, no negative comments at all. Just one suggestion: wish they had Classical music (Western and Eastern) in their audio choice. Keep it up Qatar Airways!
  Bangkok to Kuwait via Doha. As usual it was an excellent flight. Cabin Crew, Food & Beverage , Cleanness of cabin, toilets all very high standards. Especially the cabin crew was down to earth. I rate their business class one of the best amongst any other airline.
  Lisbon to Tehran return via with a stop in Doha. The quality of the planes is flawless, I flew two Boeing 787, one A320 and one A350, seats are comfortable with good legroom. Ground staff is polite and professional but the service had some mishaps. I was told by a customer service employee on Facebook chat that my first flight to Doha, which took off around 2PM, would have lunch onboard.  I didn't have lunch before boarding, but, to my surprise, there was no lunch served onboard. The meal was served 3 hours later. Tehran to Lisbon after meal service I started feeling weak, I recognized as an episode of low blood sugar that could be fixed with a high carb snack. I pressed the FA call button, and waited. Pressed again, and waited. No one would come. So I started pressing the call button while trying to get attention from the FA who was in the cabin, she saw me and brought me a piece of bread per my request. FAs were very polite and friendly and our first flight from Lisbon to Doha was blessed by an extremely enthusiastic, super friendly FA called Chung who really lit up the cabin with his positive energy! Most of the time the FAs on all four flights were professional but ignoring the call button is unprofessional. In both situations it's expected that FAs go check what's going on. 
  Bangkok to Edinburgh via Doha. I had taken advantage of a splendid price reduction on one of Qatar Airways occasional sales. First surprise was that the Boeing 777 out of BKK was obviously a last-minute aircraft change. It was not the 2+2+2 layout I checked in for but the new Q Suites. Window seating in odd numbered rows faces backwards which has never bothered me. If traveling alone, the sense of privacy is superb. The meals and wines were excellent and the FAs quietly attentive. The business class layout of the A350 is virtually identical to the Boeing 787 Qatar Airways used to fly on the Edinburgh route, but I found the Airbus generally quite a bit more comfortable. The A330 for the final sector was full and the 2+2+2 business class layout feels a lot more cramped even though the seats fold down to flat beds. Still, the FAs were wonderfully attentive and I managed to sleep most of the way.
  Sofia to Singapore via Doha. Hit or miss it with the crew. SOF-DOH in a A321 with recliner business seats in 2-2 configuration, for a 5 hour flight a comfortable option. Crew just fantastic and make everything possible; great job! Food as always very good, drink list very decent, although Pommery Brut is not my favorite Champagne. Only negative on this leg was the not at all responsive touch screen of the entertainment system. Second leg in a fabulous A350-1000, such a roomy aircraft, quiet and featuring the famous Q-Suite, the best business class seat I have ever flown. Especially the enormous screen is really impressive! Just three restrooms for a very large business cabin somehow did not seem right at all. But although very proactive, the crew was providing a very slow service, forgot to serve my ordered wines, had to be asked 2-3 times before it was brought to the seat. Never experienced such a service flying with Qatar Airways so far. 
  Kolkata to Doha on 7 September. The flight scheduled to depart at 0330 was delayed and nobody informed passengers that the flight was delayed to 8am in the morning and we have been obliged to spend the night at airport. The delay was not announced. The Qatar staff at Kolkata airport did not show up until very late. If the staff was there at 12am they should have offered to us to spend the night in a hotel, but when they arrived was obviously too late. I received the next morning at 10.22 am the message on my phone that the flight was delayed, i.e. after the flight had already left.  I wrote a letter of complaint to the airline but no compensation was offered. I requested a diabetic meal and they forgot it. 
  Perth to Birmingham via Doha with Qatar Airways. Exceptional food and service. First flight was in Q suites - wow! Can’t wait for the return flight now! Doha lounge overcrowded and toilets inadequate. Queues in men’s toilets are unheard of!
  My whole trip from Chennai to Copenhagen return via Doha was awesome with Qatar airways. The airline got good nature ground and cabin staff. I was amazed by interacting with staff during my fly time. Keep it up the good work and continue the same.
  Denpasar to Paris via Doha. I lost my mobile phone, I left it in the aircraft when it landed at DOH. The connection time at DOH was less than 40 minutes, and the gate agent for the flight from CDG to DOH assured us that the mobile would be listed on Qatar Airways online system within 24hr. Between October 2 and October 15, we attempted to submit a ticket to find the phone multiple times they have disregarded the issue. Search the lost & found online daily with no result. They did not email back. It's too bad because the in-flight service was great. If the phone is lost, it's lost, but let us know that instead of ignoring requests for assistance. That's just a bad experience. 
 Istanbul to Singapore via Doha with Qatar Airways. We performed online check in and went to the web check in baggage drop lane to drop our baggage. It took us 40 minutes to reach the counter with only 1 family passenger with lots of bags, and another couple in front of us. The lane on the left who serves the non-online check in passengers were way faster than our lane. When we engaged the customer service officer, he was not able to tell us the reason the web check in baggage drop is slower then the non online check in lane. Another counter staff who were handling the couple in front of us got frustrated and slightly raised his voice. The manager then headed over to ease the situation, but are still unable to provide a reason on the inefficiency of the web check in baggage dropping lane. Inflight service was great, and food onboard was up to expectation.
 Both flights were on schedule. The cabin crew are mostly from South Asia. That, plus the food and the large selection of films from that region gave the flights a distinctive South Asian vibe. Many of the passengers too appeared to be from the Subcontinent. Cabin service was of a high standard. The flight attendants tend to be chatty. The Dreamliner business class cabin on the CCU-DOH segment is bright, big, and beautiful. I got a few hours sleep and had an excellent breakfast. The plane after landing was parked at a remote location but an air conditioned bus arrived very promptly and it was dedicated for only biz class passengers. The transit time at Doha was a little over an hour and I did not feel I could make use of the lounge. The DOH-JFK leg was in the airline's vaunted Q-Suites. It felt very enclosed, though cozy. The cabin looked congested and crowded. A large collection of films were in the video library including several Hollywood classics. Meal service is on demand - something I don't care for. The menu list is extensive. Pajamas, sandals, and a toiletry kit were provided on this flight. On the shorter CCU-DOH flight only a toilet kit (a "cheaper" version) was on the seat. The biggest surprise was that Qatar airways has discontinued its in-flight duty free shopping, something I have always enjoyed about air travel. There is really nothing to fault on this airline except that on both occasions, the flight attendants had to be reminded to bring me my jacket on arrival which they were so eager to stow away when I boarded. Arrival was at JFK's Terminal 8 where the immigration check was relatively fast and I was out of the terminal in no time. On the CCU-JFK route, the airline is holding up very well from a generally high quality competition from Cathay Pacific/Dragon.
  Perth to Edinburgh via Doha. Found the Q-suites very spacious. Crew were very professional and enjoyed the champagne and cuisine.Unfortunately left my phone on board and despite reporting it within 20 minutes could not be found.The layover in Doha was relaxing however very hard to find a seat in the lounge. Onward flight was also very good and would definitely fly Qatar on my next trip.
  Amman to Sydney via Doha. The seating was comfortable and the staff usually helpful, however staff checked our ticket before we got to check in, and everyone is required to board in zones. The entertainment was very disappointing for me. My pre ordered gluten free meals were the worst, they were usually inedible, one was a sandwich which was stale.  I had to eat my own muesli bars, could the airline not supply Coeliacs with edible, gluten free but not dairy free meals. I will not be travelling Qatar Airways again.
  
Helsinki to Bali via Doha. We had amazing flights with Qatar airways. Helsinki to Doha went great and the service was good and the stuff was really helpful and nice. Flight was smooth. We had to change a flight in Doha. Our final destination was Bali. There were a lot of people and it came out that the flight was overbooked. They announced me and my fiances name and we got upgraded to a business class. That was an amazing surprise since we had a 9 hour flight. Business class was something special too, and all the service and food was spot on. On the second flight i realized I left a personal item on the last flight and as we had wifi on board I could write them to lost and found. They found my item, and kept it and now sending it back to me. What a service! They do care about their customers. We literally had no problems with our trip and it was an experience. Also would definitely recommend earning miles with Qatar Airways, that was the reason we got upgraded, cause we had quite some miles with them.
 Flew Qatar Airways from Doha to Amsterdam. Comfortable q-suite even when rear facing. Good variety of movies and music. The BRICS mini bag is my favorite take away. Unfortunately, service was really slow. Usually, QR attendance is there within minutes of ringing the attendant’s light - but in this case, the wait was always around 15 minutes. They literally walk past and ignore for the initial 15 minutes.
  Montreal to Multan via Doha. I booked a connecting flight through Qatar Airways web site and they booked me from Toronto via Montreal with Porter Airline at 7 p.m. and then from Montreal to Doha at 9 p.m. and from Doha to Multan Pakistan with Qatar air flight. The nightmare started on Friday at 5pm when me and my wife arrived at the airport  2 hours before our flight but we were told Porter cancelled my original flight 7:00 p.m. and booked us an hour earlier without notifying me. Which resulted us missing our flight even though we have received the boarding passes and we were at the gate 15 mins before flights departure but according to them they can’t board our luggage (4 pieces for me and my wife at 20kg each as per allowed limit of 23KG each) as it will bring the flight over the weight limit. They promised to book us in next available flight which was at 8:00, which was again too late as out next flight was leaving Montreal at 9:00 pm. We were told we will receive a call with in 2-3 hours which never happened even though we waited all night to hear from them and we ended up missing our Montreal to Doha flight. When I tried to call Qatar's helpline, it was closed. I called Qatar head office and they told me that their system tells that we were no show, so according to their terms and conditions we have to buy new tickets which will cost $3500 for two people one way. Even though we had boarding passes and it was not our fault but they told us to take it to up with Porter. I called Porter and they told us that since we never booked with their office they can’t help us and we have to contact Qatar Airways. We stayed up all night continuously trying to get hold of someone from Qatar but to no avail. Next day we went to Porter head office and made a huge scene (whole different story) but at least after 10 hours of bickering and arguing at around 10 p.m. Saturday, they accepted their mistake and told us to go home and they contacted Qatar and got us a flight for Sunday, without any charge, whole 2 days later which with 10 hours layover in Doha to reach Pakistan. All in all, the whole episode was very stressful and Qatar Airways was no help at all. 
  Tbilisi to Doha. Terrible check in policy for hand luggage. I’ve never had a problem with my carry-ons weight when I’m in business class. My bags contain clothes, blankets, pillows toiletries and a backpack with computer equipment. Flying from Tbilisi, they would not make any exceptions and I had to buy another suitcase.  I rarely see other airlines with weight limits. 
 Amsterdam to Doha. Outstanding service and food. The Q suite is very comfortable with privacy. A large selection of movies including world movies makes the flight enjoyable. There is even a massage mode for their chairs. I was backward facing but did not feel any differently. Will definitely fly Qatar Airways again.
  Doha to Sydney in October 2018/. Me and my family were in the Qsuite which are seats surrounded by partitions, so we had our own private space. All seats had their own big screen and entertainment services. The food and beverages were excellent and we experienced a wonderful long flight.
 Kuwait to Manchester via Doha. Bitterly disappointed with the service from Qatar airways. Lounges are disappointing, staff at the lounges discourteous, after flying first I would expect better. After flying through Doha twice in the last month with similar experiences I’ll be sticking with Emirates for future travel.
  Extremely disappointed with this airline, the website did something at the last minute and changed my layover to over 13 hours, the customer service was disappointing to this. The flight was not comfortable at all, with 2 beverages served to me the entire 10 hour flight. The counter people and the stewardess seemed to have major power issues, demanding paperwork that is necessary to enter the country not leave it.
  Colombo to Madrid via Doha. Doha to Madrid is delayed 4 hours and we end up landing in Barajas at 1am. They are asked for compensation and they refuse as a non-European company and leaving from the airport outside Europe. After insisting, compensation of $100  person is only redeemable for trips with them. Madrid to Colombo a delay in arrival of 2 hours, causing the final time of arrival at the city of Sri Lanka to be 3.00am. Colombo to Doha. They put us in the queue as ones as not having physical check-in and only in PDF. We wait 45 minutes and end up indicating that there is no problem; they offer us a seat in Business but the manager 2 minutes later says this option is not viable. Doha to Madrid the screen of my seat does not work. 
  Hong Kong to Doha. Old plane. Not up to standard. Very disappointed to board the flight having paid the premium for a Q-Suite, only to get the old business class. No apology, no offer of compensation. Asked for a WIFi code but refused. Seats old and not fully reclining, no privacy. Half the meal options not available. In-seat power not working. 
  Our three children have travelled from Dar es Salaam to Houston via Doha by Qatar Airways Special Services. (Unaccompanied minor). After hugs and kisses, they told us that "No more travelling with parents, we will always travel with Qatar Airways, special services, you allow us to go.We have been treated like kings and queens." As parents, hearing from your children that some else gave them a special care, I felt obliged to let this known to other parents, other people and to be honest and thankful for what they have done. I have never done a review before of anything. I always dont like to do it. I have been touched, I'm thankful you have worn our hearts.
 Kiev to Seoul via Doha with Qatar Airways. Thank you for the perfect service! This was my first experience with Qatar Airways. My trips were comfortable and safe. Airport, aircraft and crew were on high level!
  Tunis to Doha. Flying with Qatar Airways A350 Business Class was something that you must have once in your life. Everything was as expected, from boarding to Cabin and flight entertainment until the finest details. But in Doha my luggage came out So late, even with the priority sticker. It was damaged and didn't realize it before reading the hotel room. I wrote a claim to their Baggage services. Even after sending many reminders you only get replies with "we are investigating ".
  Athens to Manila via Doha. Due to an early morning domestic flight I arrived in Athens at about 10:00 and proceeded to look to see if I could check in early as I had a long and complicated flight and some things had to be checked however check in staff refused to check my documents and asked to return in the afternoon at approximately 16:00 hours. I was at the check in at 15:30 hours and just as predicted airline staff had never seen a case like mine and had to check, I was the last person to be checked in. The person in charge in the afternoon apologized for the long wait but damaged was done.
  Amsterdam to Doha. This airline offers reasonable prices. The seats are good and well-maintained, the toilets are clean, and the foods and drinks are generously served. I have also had the opportunity to fly in their business class. I am not surprised why this airline is voted as one of the best.
  Manchester to Bangkok via Doha. Flights were perfect check in staff at Manchester appalling. Whilst checking in at business class, a rude man interrupted and demanded a biz class sticker for his hand luggage - he was an economy pax and proceeded to demand the attention of the check in woman who disregarded me. The woman then assured me that my Card details were in the system but no points have been credited but this is typically Manchester. Total disinterest and apathy compare this to Bangkok where attention is exemplary. The lounge they use in Manchester is woeful However, in the air they are peerless and simply amazing. I have sent a complaint to the head office in Doha in the hope that this is addressed.
  Gatwick to Bangkok via Doha. Both flights left on time after a speedy organised boarding. First leg to Doha on Boeing 777 was far better than second leg to Bangkok on smaller A330. Seats were comfortable and IFE had lots of films and TV programmes to watch. Food served was OK and crew were friendly and did their job well.
 Adelaide to Doha via Edinburgh. This was the worst flying experience and they managed to lose my bag.  My biggest problem was that I couldn't claim on travel insurance until Qatar had closed their case and issued any compensation. This has taken 3 months so far and over 40 follow up emails. They keep coming up with a reason that the file hasn't been finalised, set a date they will have it done by (between 5 days and 2 weeks) and then miss that deadline. 
  Cape Town to Edinburgh via Doha. Cape Town to Doha flight was initially delayed to 14:30. At 14:30 via screen display informed flight indefinite delayed. At 3pm announcement that flight was cancelled and passengers direct to a gate B 1. Information regarding reason for delay was poor. Most staff unable to give information. About 30 minutes later advised that we will be put in hotel. This was at 1630 and at 1815 about 40 passengers continue to wait on a bus to a hotel. Very disappointing customer.
  My journey with Qatar was an adventure. I was flying out with my dog, a native Sri Lankan dog (breed was mixed/mongrel) and it was a nightmare to book. To be fair, it wasn't bad the first time - mixed breed was okay. Unfortunately I had to change the date of my flight and rebook my dog onto the flight, and that's where the nightmare began. The staff wanted to know what breed my dog was, despite my dog not having a breed at all. I called them on a Friday about the dog, they said I would hear from them within 48 hours. That following Wednesday I had to call them because I hadn't heard anything yet, only to find out they never processed the dog in the first place and my flight was that Sunday! Despite not having any problems with "mixed breed" the first time, I had loads of problems now. Mixed breed wasn't okay, despite stating it definitely wasn't one of the dogs not allowed to fly. Mongrel wasn't okay either. I eventually got approved just over a day before the flight. It was an absolute nightmare to deal with - but from others I heard that Qatar was one of the easiest airlines to deal with for pet transport, and no one had any problems so far (there have been hundreds of Sri Lankan dogs transported with Qatar before this problem). The flight itself wasn't bad. We departed Colombo on time, staff were great during check in and checking my and my dog's documents was really easy - the manager was even excited to see my dog, and her and another staff member dedicated their time to me, in my own queue. The staff on the plane were nice too, both from Colombo-Doha and Doha-Amsterdam and assured me my dog was okay, even checking with the pilot to make sure the dog was on the flight and the pilot was aware of the dog. The flight itself was comfortable, good movie selections too. The only thing that bothered me was a lack of legroom on my Doha-Amsterdam flight, because the row in front of us had 4 seats and our row had 3 seats, leaving less space for me because of the seat in front of me. Me and the dog arrived safely and they even changed the dog's bedding during the layover, so I'm happy about that. If it wasn't for the nightmare of booking my dog onto the flight, it would've been great.
  Cape Town to Brussels via Doha. I love Qatar airways.The cabin crew is friendly, accomodating, genuine, helpful and professional. The food is lovely and entertainment is great! The toiletry bags have something to assist with dry lips. Qatar airways is always my first choice airline.
  Denpasar to Bucharest via Doha. Our experience with Qatar Airways was rather disappointing this time. Some of our food onboard was barely eatable. and transfer in Doha was by bus. On two legs the lunch option we chose  was not available anymore. The Boeing 777 seat comfort is good and IFE also has good variety, although WiFi was unavailable. 
  Very disappointed that despite delays incurred on our flights our luggage did not arrive until the next day. Several emails submitted and we received no response. We flew out of Johannesburg to Antalya via Doha, the flight was delayed by more than two and half hours on arrival in Doha our connecting flight departed. Arrangements was made that they would reroute us via Istanbul connecting to Antalya, a group of 4. Assurance was given that a representative would meet us at the arrival hall in Antalya but never did. Our luggage was not loaded from Qatar and on arrival be had no luggage. We walked around the foreign airport seeking help finally we managed to locate the group handling company who initially did not want to assist. after much debate we requested a luggage claim form which they did not to provide but after insisting on a form one was provided. Finally our luggage arrived the next day. To add to the frustration our return flight home was also delayed and after boarding the flight in Qatar we had to be off loaded due to a technical problem. 
  Bangkok to Kuwait via Doha. It was a busy flight, fully packed. The flight departed on time and was a comfortable one. The food & beverage was good and the Cabin Crew were taking maximum effort to ensure every thing in order for the passengers though it was a fully booked flight. The seat was comfortable with reasonable leg space and the toilets were clean (The cabin crew check it continuously after passenger usage).
  Kuwait to Bangkok via Doha. My ticket was an Economy class (redeeming Qmiles). Unfortunately due to the delay in departure from Kuwait, I missed the Doha - Bangkok original flight and was put into another flight, 8am departing from Doha. It was a fantastic and very comfortable flight with Qatar Airways. Love this airline and the outstanding Cabin Crew.
 The plane is big enough for 5-6 hours flight. As always flying with QR has a different experience than any other airline. There’s no doubt this airline marked as one of the best in the world.
  Tokyo to Venice via Doha. The only positive thing is that the flight attendants smile a lot and often bring drinks (the food was bad for me).  On the outward journey there was only 1h30 late, in the return trip instead of 4. There was no support, the gate changed 4 times forcing us from one side of the airport. The company offered no compensation, but when I pointed out that passengers had the right to receive food and drink in proportion to the duration of the delay, I was ignored. In the online check-in I had chosen a place that was then changed to me. Very bad experience, bad organization, bad services.
  Beirut to Doha. Excellent airline service and is very good, the only issue I face is at Beirut airport where ground staff don't listen, or give you time to explain what you need, they scream, shout at people, look over worked, and are not focused. The QA lounge staff there are well trained and their service is excellent. Hope the airline can work on these people for better service.
  Sydney to Nice via Doha. Decided to choose this carrier over other cheaper options due to oneWorld affiliation with Qantas, their reputation, their quality IFE, and ability to allocate our own seats without charge. Checkin was easy, although I hadn’t realised we could have used the Business Class counter with oneWorld Ruby status. Boarding is regimentally administered by zone. We chose the 2 abreast J/K seats on the A380 which requires walking the length of the main deck economy cabin the up the rear stairs. That small cabin at the rear of the upper deck was a good choice. Very quiet, and I like the extra storage space beside the K seat. We received a good blanket and pillow on both flights, plus a small amenity pack for the long overnight flight from SYD containing eyeshades, earplugs, sockettes, toothbrush and lip balm. Service was performed by the same crew member for the whole trip, same from Doha to Nice which I liked. The crew appeared very professional but our ladies were a little robotic. Food was adequate, with numerous drink and snack runs. I appreciated the attention to detail. Eg. asked for cranberry juice during one meal and when advised not available, was offered 3 other juice options which was fine by me. 10 minutes later, a cranberry juice was delivered. One annoying occurrence was when they changed us from 18K/19K to 19J/K from Doha, after we had been given boarding passes in Sydney. Not wanting a middle seat, the only alternative to a middle seat was an aisle further back. I think they fibbed telling us it was so a family could sit together. They weren’t in row 18. Just an entitled type of female in the K sea with J empty! Doha Airport is also an excellent transit hub. Modern, clean and uncrowded. I can see why QR are rated so highly.
  Doha to Sydney. Most aspects of the flight were perfect. Very comfortable, more than enough space - though not for my cabin bag - a quiet, relaxing flight, the crew is fantastic. Food. OK, it's not most important thing in life, but I thought after a full day on airports and previous flight and after paying $7500 upgrade just for this last segment of my trip I can have my choice from the dinner menu. I was wrong. With 8 passengers on first class and with a selection of 4 main course choices (3+1 vegetarian). Unfortunately the other 3 I really didn't like. Next at breakfast 4 choices again, so I thought scrambled eggs wouldn't be a problem. I was wrong again. With all else spot on during the whole flight, do they need to ruin the otherwise great impression with such minor things?
  London to Phuket via Doha. Sadly there was a bereavement in the immediate family which meant that I needed to push the flight bookings back by a week. Called to re-arrange flights and paid a re-booking fee. I requested a receipt for payment of re-booking fee (made over the phone) so I could claim on insurance. The email address they gave me was incorrect and it was quite a challenge trying to communicate with QR on this matter. On the day of travel, we arrived at the airport and were told that the booking had been canceled. We showed proof of payment, proof of payment of change of tickets. The staff at LHR were horrific in their attitude. My son, who is autistic became hugely distressed. Ended up having to buy another ticket 45 mins before departure (so now paid for the original ticket, change fee, and extortionate price at the airport for new tickets - almost 4x original ticket price handed over to QR). By the time we got to boarding gate my son was in such a state that LHR staff asked about calling a doctor to seek for medical assistance. Connection for DOH-HKT was missed so had to spend 1/2 day at DOH. Finally arrived at Phuket but the luggage had been mislaid. I have been trying to contact them since for compensation, and reimbursement but they are not responding to my emails. Horrific experience and the worst Customer Service I have had. The attitude of their staff to my son, who has Aspergers was shocking - quote "can't he go home, does he live far from here?".  Don't know what to do at this stage to get money back and compensation.
  Rome to Sydney via Doha in May. For the return two sectors Qatar Airways did not credit miles to my Qantas frequent flyer account claiming I didn't travel business class on the sectors, and the miles were credited to another account. Mileage for the outbound sectors were credited to my Qantas account. After the refusal to credit the miles, I wrote twice to their Customer Care, providing copies of all documents, and my letters were unanswered. My travel agent also provided the documents to the Sydney QR representative and she did nothing. I found the entire experience unsatisfactory.
  Johannesburg to Edinburgh via Doha. I had two excellent flights to get me from Johannesburg to Edinburgh. Both flights arrived on time. On-board service was excellent with the crew being attentive to needs without being too insistent. The aircraft - both A350s - were superb. To my mind, this is the best commercial aeroplane in the sky and, after more than 15 hours flying, I felt relaxed and well when I disembarked in Edinburgh. The one thing that can improve the experience of flying with this airline is free wifi for the duration of the flight. During the first sector there was very limited free messaging available; on the second sector one-hour general internet use was given free. To connect further required payment.
  Aircraft was changed which meant I did not have an aisle access and would have to climb over someone to get out of my seat. They should have informed of this change to give us time to make other arrangements. In the end crew changed me to a seat with no one next to me but by the wing, having had 1K. Crew was brilliant and apologetic but they should have told us. Food was mediocre. I do not see why they are a 5 star airline.
 Rome to Sydney via Doha. Travelling with Qatar in business class was very good. I can’t fault the service, the courtesy of the staff but the business lounge they usein Rome is very disappointed with hardly any food. 
  Singapore to Milan via Doha. Missing connection flight due to due to restrictions at airport of the departure flight. Result was 7hr of waiting at Doha Airport during night hours and only a meal was provided. 
  Denpasar to Tunis via Doha. The flight from Denpasar to Doha was unsatisfactory. The seats were uncomfortable, screens old, my food was terrible.  Staff was not responsive, very slow.  The connection Doha Tunis was delayed by 4 hours. They just gave us a breakfast voucher. Very different explanation of the delay from ground staff, who from my point of view did not take care at all of the customer. The only thing I know is that I was super tired and that I wasn't expecting this. When I asked about a refund for the delay (at least the tax cost ), , they replied in an unpleasant way that it is not possible.





  My wife and I flew Business Class QSuite Auckland to Doha in 19th June 2019 and received the worst service we’ve had. Ordered our dinner at 3pm and asked for it to be served at 6.30pm (in 3.5 hours) and it was delivered at about 4pm. I ordered a glass of red wine 3 times and it never got supplied. We ordered water 3 times and after a few hours I had to go to galley and get it myself. All other 3 legs were excellent. We received lots of apologies but no compensation, which really upset us because it was our wedding anniversary dinner.
  Mumbai to Brussels via Doha on 28 July 2019. Both flights were seamless, it was just perfect. Special mention of flight stewardess named Behnaz for the excellent service, attitude, attentiveness, helpful nature and chatty. Service levels were exceptional and cabin spotless. Comprehensive meal and beverage services as well. Simply enjoyed the flights. 
 Flew from Brussels to Mumbai via Doha on 10 Aug 2019, Flight QR 0196 and loved the experience. The service was excellent and was impressed with the staff taking care to each whims and fancies of the passengers. Multiple choices available during dinning and beverages were fresh as well. Suggestion to avail mouth fresherners or mints post meal. Keep up on the high standards and happy flying.
  Sydney to Gothenburg via Doha. Very friendly service, A+. Good leg space, I normally suffer a lot worse. Dinners were OK and enjoyable, found the scrambled eggs for brekkie a tad boring - but 24 hrs each way was probably a reason. Service was good, I find that some stewards/stewardesses these days aren't that friendly but all 4 legs of my trip had excellent staff. The toilets were maintained and clean all throughout the flights. I will definitely fly Qatar Airways again.
  Dublin to Denpasar via Doha. Uncomfortable and small seats. I was served the same food throughout that was not great. WiFi did not work for me. 
  Doha to Amman. Qatar Airways uses larger Boeing 777-300s on this route due to the busy Summer season, though it is configured in a 2 class system they call business class a first class to charge a higher fare. We got QSuites though also on this route Qatar Airways offers no duty free. The staff was pleasant and the QSuites were nice, there was a selection of meals which I choose to skip as non of them seemed appealing to me and the flight was short so I limited myself to the drinks which was fine. I did not use the onboard entertainment system as it was just a 2 hour and 20 minutes flight. Their checked bag policy was a good 55 kgs for first class fine but not outstanding.
  London to Doha on the A380 (25 July 2019). The in flight entertainment on this flight was good. My other flights were Doha to Kuala Lumpur returning via Doha to Gatwick on 9 August 2019,  on the older B777. In flight entertainment on these flights was disappointing. Not many latest movies. On the audio selection I listen a lot of classical music and there was very little choice and the selection was intermixed with all other kind of music so I had to scroll through the mix to look for a selection. Surely, they could have separate playlists for the various kind music. . On the plus side I am happy with  Qatar Airways's inflight service and punctuality.
  Paris to Kolkata via Doha. Flying with Qatar is a pleasant experience. This time I flew in economy as is quite confortable. Unfortunately there is no premium economy. Movie and music selection is excellent. Seats quite comfortable. The only negative point was the meal on both flights. I ordered a meal for diabetics and the meals that were served were not suitable for diabetics which is very annoying when you have to travel on a long distance. Some cabin staff did not seem to be well trained  on the flight to Kolkata the service was quite chaotic.
  Brussels to Bangkok via Doha. If I could rate from one to ten, this would be eleven! Outstanding service, wonderful people, good food. Simply very good. We’ll definitely choose Qatar Airways again soon!
  Athens to Doha. Horrible check in experience on business class! When I arrived at check in I found the business check in counter is all queuing by crew members. Luckily I have done online check-in, and moved to queue at the bag drop counter. But the crew skipped us and continue to drop drop their luggage. I immediately talked to one of the crew members and mentioned that we are under business class and queuing to drop our luggage. She replied that they should go first as they should arrive on the plane before passengers and we should wait them to finish first. Even the check in staff ignored us and keep asking the crew members to drop their luggage. 
  Manchester to Auckland via Doha. I am a very nervous flier and the airline and the staff make all the difference. When booking Qatar airways was very decently priced and so I thought I would give them a go. So very pleased I did. Manchester - Doha I was given seat 37A - window exit seat. Which was VERY nice of the ground staff. They didn’t have to do this but I think the man could already see at check in that I was afraid. The seat was comfortable. I’m a fairly chubby lady, however I fit into the seat great and the seat belt and person next to me all was totally fine. The flight was a little bumpy but I was kept entertained by watching the cabin staff - watching them keep calm during turbulence stops me from being so scared. I didn’t eat during the flight as I find it too hard to eat during bumpy times as it worries me even more - silly I know, but. My passenger next to me however had a pack of pretzels soon as we took off, a chicken lunch around 1 hour after take off, then about 1 hour before arrival had a chicken pastry. There were drinks served at the same time. I had a gin - to calm nerves ;). Juice, water and Pepsi. Staff lovely. Had a lady from Ghana serving mostly. Arrived on time with smooth landing. Doha airport is massive  for those who have not ever been. Very nice ground staff at the gate. Doha to Auckland was even more bumpy. Constance low level turbulence with at times the seat belt signs coming on. Again on time landing despite leaving Doha around 20/30 mins late due to long take off queue at Doha (even at 2.30am). Breakfast was served about 1 hour after take off, then dinner around 5 hours. Snack box in between, a hot pastry in between and then  breakfast around 1 hour before arrival. I actually ate the second breakfast, I had the sausage and eggs. I ate the sausage but left the eggs and potatoes as not to my taste. Also had a coffee, orange juice, croissant, bag of apple slices and yogurt. Very good indeed. The flight attendant could see I wasn’t eating due to the bumpy conditions and kindly left me the snack box while I slept under my seat which had chocolate, granola bar, juice, pretzels etc. Furthermore, the flight attendants were absolutely lovely when I pressed the buzzer multiple times asking for water - again due to being afraid of flying I don’t like to stand up on flights. The cabin crew came around with boxes of popcorn / crisps during the flight as ‘movie snacks’. Such a nice touch!! Although i didn’t eat, the people next to me said the food was delicious. I can’t watch the tv whilst on the flight as I wear pressurising EarPods (I can’t hear anything at all). But the films were great; they had new films like dumbo live action & avengers endgame. Loads of games which I did play. As well as 1 hour free WiFi or WiFi for the whole flight for $10. Great connection much better than Emirates. For Emirates connection usually I can only access iMessage. However with Qatar I was able to go on Facebook, Snapchat and instagram with no issues at all. Probably on my flight home I will pay the $10 for my whole flight as it puts me at ease being able to talk to family and friends. Nice toiletries bag on the long flight with toothbrush, socks, eye mask, toothpaste and lip balm. The flight from U.K. to doha was 7 hrs while to Auckland was just over 16 hours. Which is VERY long and hard especially for a very very nervous flier. But Qatar cabin and ground staff were so lovely I felt so at ease & will be flying with them in the future.
  Mumbai to Copenhagen via Doha. For the BOM-DOH segment the aircraft was equipped with the Qsuites configuration. The attention to detail in the Q-seat design is admirable. For seat comfort and privacy, this is closer to First Class on several other airlines. For the DOH-CPH segment, the aircraft had the traditional Business Class seating. Even here, the Qatar Airways seat affords a great deal of comfort and space. Service levels were exceptional and the cabins spotless. My verdict: Qatar Airways Business Class is 'the best of the best.' The competition is not even close.
  Warsaw to Singapore via Doha. It couldn’t have been any better! Both flights with Qatar went absolutely seamless - but the travel experience was even something more than seamless - it was just perfect. The aircraft were new, neat and clean - it’s an unquestionable pleasure to travel on board the A350. IFE was very well equipped and the screens were surprisingly responsive - it was hardly impossible to get bored throughout the journey. Meal services were comprehensive and the dishes itself were mouth-watering. Another gem of Qatar is its crew - attentive, helpful, professional and chatty. Also Doha Hamad Airport is one of the best to have a stopover at - very well organised and easy to navigate. I can’t have any objections about this journey - exquisite in full measure!
  My wife and I flew Business Class Sydney to Venice via Doha, returning from Rome on A380/ 787 /A330 and had wonderful flights. On boarding we were offered a drink [White Champagne or Rose], cold towel and menus. One of the staff then asked what we would like to order to eat and drink and when would we like to eat. The food comes direct to you from the galley - no rattling trolley service so if other people want to sleep, you can eat and not disturb your fellow travellers. The food was always excellent in heat and presentation. With this system you can order as much or as little as you want. If you do not wish to sleep, on the A380 at the back of business class there is The Bar which serves mocktails, cocktails and Champagne, juice and snacks There a sofa with seatbelts for sitting and magazines if you wish to read. I can only say the staff’s service was first rate for every flight. Being 6’2” and rather large, I found the lie flat bed is very comfortable and I could sleep without problem. 
  Considering the overall flying time from Muscat to Houston via Doha was 19 hours or so I was dreading to do it in an economy class flight. However do to pricing factors for a business class ticket, I transferred my amazing American Express membership reward points to my QA account and credited it with miles. After having done that I called up the call centre who said there weren't any seats available for miles. I was disappointed as  I had already transferred my amex points out by then. As my date of travel arrived, departed Muscat to Doha on economy I had a 2.5 hr transit in doha and felt like trying my luck at the customer service counter.  Unfortunately my hope for an upgrade via miles was not entertained by the lady stating I was not eligible. Not giving up i was directed by another  staff to head to the counter where the security checks were. One staff typed away on his system started making calls and told me theres just one seat available which only could be released after confirmation from his team which would just one hour prior to departure. Keeping my fingers crossed 10 minutes later he told me I was able to avail the upgrade! The efforts made by Ahmed were so remarkable that I insisted I raise this to the management that staff like this should be admired and rewarded for such excellent service and should be role models. The gesture made such a difference to the whole trip as the Qsuite on the A350 is an amazing experience and I think it's a better than even the A380 business having the double bed feel side by side to your partner is wonderful. We've shared our experience with friends and family stating it's not just a 5 star service on board meeting the right staff gave us a 5 star service on ground too. 
  Very bad quality food. Helsinki to Singapore via Doha Not my first time traveling with Qatar, I even wrote a great review to them last year. Now I think the management has change, or they are cutting costs a lot. Our first 6 hours flight to Doha was crowded, only 2 toilets for more than 150 people, the corridor was full all the time from people queuing to go to the toilet.  In previous opportunities, staff were more careful about this situation. Food the worse quality I got in a long flight, a chicken sandwich indian style and a breakfast plate with very weird eggs. Again, my experience in the past was way better. Doha to Singapore: Seats were comfortable, bigger plane, good entertainment, on time. Staff not service oriented, very bad faces when asking for water. Again that sandwich and breakfast plate with eggs. At this time me and my husband decided to avoid the food. As soon as we arrived in SG, we had digestive problems. I wrote to the airline, part of their answer was: "We would like to take this opportunity to sincerely apologize for any inconvenience which may have been caused to you. While no reports similar in nature have been received from passengers who were served the same meal on the flight, we take reports such as yours with serious concern." Apart from the food and staff in flight the rest is good, planes are modern, on time, bags arrived in good conditions, relatively comfortable seats for economy. 
  Stockholm to Chennai via Doha. Good value for money, but a bit neglected cabin. Inflight entertainment might be bit better, especially on A330 equipment where screens are old. I noticed the A330 had fewer lavatories. But what is absolutely the best when it comes to Qatar Airways are the meals and drinks. You have an outstanding choice of three main courses. Cold drinks served twice on ARN-DOH leg. And hot drinks also twice. Ability to select seats for free or ask (if you have a very short connection in Doha for example, to chose a front aisle seat). Boarding procedures were easy and simple. Both flights were on time and it is the most important thing. Ground service is awesome thanks to the Hamad Airport which is an ingenious facility designed around the passenger's very needs of any kind. Connectivity on board is, however, a bit behind competition.
 I do not regret choosing Qatar Airways at all. Almost everything was the best of the best! I was also lucky enough to be able to fly Qsuite, which is easily the best way to travel. Check in at Bangkok Airport is quite a mess, due to the fact that there are four flights leaving simultaneously to Doha. The check in agent said that the Qatar Airways lounge in Bangkok is closed due to a cracked window. I was about to head to the JAL lounge when I noticed that the Qatar lounge was in fact, open and fully operational. This lounge was absolutely immaculate. They even had Bollinger champagne! There was a buffet service and most drinks were actually made on request to the staff. They were there to help you with everything. I think the staff to passenger ratio was 1:1. My favourite thing at this lounge has to be the Baklava. Qatar also has their lounge literally next door to their main competition, Singapore Airlines. Boarding was orderly on the outbound flights from Bangkok to Doha and Johannesburg, but on the return they instead asked economy passengers to board first, their reason being "The cabin was not ready for business class passengers." The good bits: Qsuite! We were a family of four, so we elected to have the first "Quad" seat which is essentially a conference room with closed doors! We were in our own private world up there. The seat/bed was super comfortable, although watch out for row two, as this row has slightly less foot space due to the angle of the cabin. There was a thin mattress cover provided and my mum and dad were even able to sleep together in the double bed! The regular 1-2-1 business class found on the A350 and B787 was also excellent. I would strongly suggest reserving row 7 on the A350, as you get two extra cubbies next to you for your belongings. Also located close but not too close to the toilets. The flat bed on these seats were also excellent, and there were endless seat adjustments. the "bar" on these planes was filled with snacks, fruit and champagne and most of the time there was a flight attendant waiting there to assist you. The service: I cannot emphasise this more, it surpassed all expectations I had set. Every single item was placed at your seat, no trays were used at all. The flight attendants were all friendly and professional. They seem to know the types of passengers very well and how to treat them. I had a cold on my return trip, and was constantly looked after. On one of the flights, a medical emergency was declared and the crew handled the situation very calmly and professionally. Once the flight landed there was already an ambulance waiting for the sick passenger. The food: Everything I tasted was excellent, and I took advantage of their dine on demand service by ordering a hot snack in the middle of the flight. I think my favourite meal was a Philly Cheesesteak which was very filling and the beef was very tender. They give every passenger (Including economy) 1 hour free wifi onboard! The Al Mourjan lounge in Doha: To call it huge is an understatement. This lounge is absolutely gigantic! You also had a personal tablet at every seat for information on the airport or flight information. Too bad everything is too spaced out. Given the fact that all airlines have their ups and downs, I would say that Qatar is an excellent airline and it shows in almost every way. I would certainly choose them because of their extensive network, but they haven't won me completely over. Yet I'd give them a 11 if i could!
  after the other with calm and composed. I really appreciate his help to make the journey a pleasant experience. Thank you!
  Moscow to Bangkok via Doha and was disappointed with the following reasons : Doha - St. Petersburg and Moscow - Doha the quality of screen was very poor. The touchscreen responded slowly. Also, the meal was not served per my pre-selection.  The flight from Doha to BKK was 3.5 hrs delayed without any reasons provided. The airline did provide the complimentary meal; however, the quality was unacceptable to me. The airline needs to understand more about nutrition for "diabetic meal". It's not just a healthy, low-fat, low sodium meal. They served low GI fruit which is not for diabetic people. However, the cabin crew provided the good services and took good care of customers on board. Also, I observed the ground hostesses were ready to take care of passengers transitting to other locations. 
  Sydney to Doha. Upgraded online in advance for an emergency exit window seat. With it being a very long flight, and having done these flights in the past with regular seat, I wanted to make sure this flight could be more comfortable. I get to my seat number at boarding, to find that it’s a regular window seat, with no space at all. When I asked crew members why my booked seat isn’t available, they said it’s because the aircraft was changed from what was on my booking. On top of this, crew members were rude, unattentative, and blocked people in the toilets by leaving trolleys in front of the door. They seemed  under qualified, no confidence, often missed people out when serving drinks/food. Lots of people angry with the service. 
 CDG-DOH departure 9am. The aircraft is extremely comfy, quiet and roomy, since it is an A380. I found the breakfast light and tasteless. Just 2 rounds, of drinks during the flight. A sandwich was served before landing. DOH to BKK, this flight improved the overall impression. Free wifi connection for one hour, which is pretty cool. The thai curry which was served, tasted well like a real thai curry, which is rare. Alas, the service in between was minimal. A light breakfast was served before landing. Overall, this puts Qatar among the best carriers, but I will no longer fly with them as their flight schedule between southeast Asia and Europe is not appropriate. Overall I enjoyed a KLM flight more.
 Frankfurt to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. Both legs were great! The seats were more comfortable than its rival, Emirates. And a lot better than other western airlines. The food was superb. Service was really great as the stewardess were very tending and personal. Doha airport was also a better place to transit than Dubai. Will switch from Emirates to Qatar next time.
  Very good flight between Cape Town and Doha. Quiet and comfortable A350, with the usual high standard service. The difference for the 2nd flight could not be greater. Qatar changed the aircraft from a 773 to an A320. Stepping into the business class cabin was like going back to the 80‘s, very uncomfortable small non lie-flat seats with a small unresponsive in armrest video screen. This type of business class product is not appropriate for a 4 hour flight to Ankara. It was probably the worst Business Class flight I had.
  Copenhagen to Bombay via Doha. Both the 777 aircraft featured the Qsuite configuration, which is the finest Business Class seat to date. Cabins are spotless as are the lavatories which are thoughtfully designed. Qatar has truly raised the bar in Business Class travel. The experience is closer to the First Class of several airlines. The on-board service is exceptional. And the Al Mourjan Lounge in Doha, when it is not swamped, is first rate. The one complaint I have is regarding the boarding process in Doha for the DOH-BOM flight. It could have been streamlined especially given the proclivity of Indians to not respect boarding protocol.
  Dallas Ft Worth to Doha. I appreciate the Qatar Airways and the staff. Its been 3rd time I am traveling with them Internationally. I want to mention for flight QR730 from DFW to Doha, Yun and Angela flight attendants were awesome, they both were serving whole time and I appreciate both of their efforts. I'll continue flying with them and I encourage staff for their efforts. 
  Chicago to Istanbul via Doha. I flew business class with Qatar Airways from Chicago to Doha and then to Istanbul yesterday evening July 2nd, I was told my baggage delayed but will deliver them to my hotel not later than next day afternoon (July 3rd). Unfortunately, I still didn't get my baggage and seems nobody responds to emails and phone calls about this issue. 
  London to Bangkok return via Doha. 3 of the 4 sectors were in their QSuite product. check-in was a breeze. There was no queue and complete in 5 minutes. I was given my boarding pass and advised to use for it for the fast track and Lounge. I headed to the lounge where I was greeted by a member of staff who seemed awkward. I was the first to arrive and i think caught them off guard. Quickly from a side door appeared a chap arranging his tie and who welcomed me, taking my boarding pass and scanning it. I soon realised the first person to greet me was a lounge attendant and was perhaps a little embarrassed that the reception chap was not ready. I enjoyed the breakfast and relaxed for a while until boarding was ready. I was welcomed and shown to my seat where the crew offered to put my bag in the overhead locker. I was then left for a few minutes to settle in before crew returned and offered a welcome drink. As it was a holiday, at 07.30 i went for Champagne! Menu was then Brought around before a short time later crew came and discussed when would like to eat. Qatar offer dine on demand so you eat when you want but they check with you your initial intentions which i think is great. Departure from LHR was delayed which meant an very quick connection in Doha where the flight was boarding when i arrived. DOH is smooth. On arrival there was a lady calling out for Bangkok who duly wrote the gate number on my boarding pass and advised to proceed to the gate. Doha to Bangkok was a late flight so i slept and arrived in to BKK fresh. My return to LHR was two weeks or so later. BKK was again a day flight. I would say they need more staff at check in at Suvarnabhumi. There were 2 counters business class side but that also included economy bag drop. There were 2 couples ahead of me and a queue for bag drop but business class trumped the bag drop people which was a respectable touch. It took about 15 minutes compared to LHR 5 mins. Again service on QSuite was great. Drink, menu, chocolates. Staff friendly and will chat. I often feel crew just go through then motions but actually on Qatar if you engage them they will happily chat. I spoke to some about where they were from, being based in Doha, stopover etc. It seems most only have about 24 hours once they arrive where they land - greulling. Flight from DOH to LHR was lacklustre. Boarding was chaotic. everyone moves forward, economy class not listening to their instructions to wait for their zone to be called. Initially only one staff scanning boarding passes who had to keep shouting Business class passengers only. Anyway once on board it started well. Drink brought, towel, menu. Order taken after take off which was fine, but they let themselves down by being the slowest service i have ever ever had. I had anticipated a quick bite to eat before getting a sleep in as i had to drive home on arrival -2 hours. We took off at 15.50 and i had'nt finished eating over halfway through the flight. Wine and nuts came - great i thought. It took 20 minutes for the amouse bouche to follow. Then when he came to clear I thought the soup would follow shortly. I was wrong. It took about another 15 minutes. It was all very slow and with my frustration clear, when I said I wish to sleep he said he would give me make the bed and gave me a set of pyjamas to change into. PJ not handed out as standard on an afternoon flight.
  Dublin to Sydney via Doha. The flight got me there safe and sound. I wasn’t offered drinks between meals while I was awake. My USB port wasn’t working, the seat was cramped and cannot recline properly. On my return trip I wasn’t offered my second meal during the flight from Dublin to Doha. When I express my displeasure, staff said I was asleep and they didn’t want to disturb my sleep. They offer me a box of chocolate to appease me, and make sure the crew member of my next leg to look after me.  Would have been better if they had upgraded me.
  I was not happy with the customer service response after me and my daughter were delayed at the boarding gate. It is common to have your passport checked at the boarding gate but not to be asked Where are you going, why are you going there, are you coming back, when are you coming back, who are you travelling with, are you a Qatar resident, can you show me your Qatar ID? This is not normal. When I asked I was told "Sir I am just doing my job". I am asking why I was having additional security screening and i was told it was because I checked in online. I was told I was asked all those security questions and held up at the boarding gate because I choose to check in online and print out my boarding pass at home rather than standing in line at the check in counter and having my boarding pass printed there. I know they check passports at the gate, that was not my question, I wanted to know why i was asked all those questions at the gate. That just only happens when you have been selected for Secondary Security Screening. But he refused to say that and instead of offering even a half-hearted apology. They did not open priority boarding for me a Silver member and my 6 year-old daughter. But never addressed that after i complained. I love Qatar Airways, but this customer service person just really left me in a bad way.
  Kochi to Houston via Doha. The flight from Doha was delayed and landed late in Houston. I missed my WestJet flight to Calgary.  A staff from Qatar airways was waiting for us there in the entrance at Houston. He guided us through the connection process. However, we missed the connection and he arranged the ticket for the next day in the Westjet. He told us that we need to find the stay in Houston.  
  Kuwait To Munich Via Doha. The Kuwait To Doha flight was operated on an a bit old but good  A330-300, The Doha To Munich was operated on a great Boeing B777-300ER. Starting from the short 50 minute KWI—>DOH Flight, it was great! Good and comfortable aircraft, screens were a bit outdated on the A330, but still has the latest oryx one movies. the legroom was fantastic, however window seats only have an IFE Box under each seat blocking legroom. Service on that short flight was great! Cabin crew were very nice, beautiful deep blue mood lighting which created a beautiful atmosphere Inside the cabin, and the flight was On-Time. Connection In Doha was super easy, smooth and efficient, beautiful super modern airport with great toilets,  range of shops and restaurants, and very nice staff. Boarding Started few minutes after the landing from Kuwait, so we rushed to our next flight to Munich.  Second flight  was operated on a new  and very comfortable Boeing B777-300ER, as much as people complained about the 10 abreast 777, I found it to be actually good! Legroom was amazing, Seat recline was excellent! NO IFE box under the seat blocking legroom on the B777. On demand high resolution screens, beautiful mood lighting, with nice refreshing towels being distributed. What Impressed me the most Is the Qatar Airways New Super WiFi!  I was told that it was the fastest and best In the Air. Even a YouTube video would be played. And  WiFi Is  cheap on Qatar Airways! 30 Minutes for free, and only 10USD for the duration of the flight, no matter how long. The OryxOne Inflight Entertainment System was excellent and offered a lot of great movies and TV Shows! After departure the snack service commenced, they served a Quisine savory snack sandwiches, it was very good, much better snacks then what they used to serve before. It was a good chicken pizza sandwich, not the dry chicken sandwiches they used to serve. Since It was a night flight,  Cabin lights were dimmed Into mood lighting which created a beautiful atmosphere onboard, the crew kept serving beverages every 30 minutes, they were very nice and helpful. Few hours later , they served breakfast, I ordered a special Hindu Meal request, It was delicious, at least better than the normal meal they serve. ;) That wasn’t my first time flying Qatar Airways, but I really have to say Qatar Airways has Improved a lot since my last flight with them almost 9 months ago. Much Better, cheaper and faster WiFi, better savory snacks, better breakfasts, better refreshed Oryx Entertainment System. Looking forward for my return flight with Qatar Airways again soon.
  I caught a flight Philadelphia to Delhi via Doha with multiple fractures in my foot and needed a lot of special assistance. I write this email to thank the staff at the Qatar Airways who made sure that my journey was smooth and I received the best treatment possible. From the staff at the check in desk till gentleman who dropped me till outside the Delhi airport, it was ensured that I was comfortable and all my needs were met. A special mention to Ms Uliana and Mr Saahil who were the best of people I could have met on my journey from carrying my bags helping me to even reach the washrooms and making sure my foot was comfortable through out the journey. I would like to thank the ethos at Qatar Airways. Keep up the beautiful work Qatar Airways. T
  Hanoi to London via Doha. The actual flight and check-in can only be described as 100% excellent. But their baggage handling is terrible, my  hard shell suit case was destroyed and to add insult to injury I was offered £12 in compensation.
  We are extremely disappointed at the treatment we received from the Melbourne airport team. We booked our flight Melbourne-Milan on 14 August 2018. We have called up to confirm a bassinet seat multiple times as recent as two days ago and bassinet seats were confirmed and allocated. At check-in we were informed that our seats had been re-assigned and there were no bassinets available and to speak to the manager on the help desk. They said there was nothing they could do as there was 14 infants booked on the flight and only 8 bassinets. We offered to pay to upgrade as there were bassinet seats available in business class but this was not an option according to the Melbourne team. We called the Qatar reservations while waiting at the counter and were informed that our confirmed seat in the system was a bassinet and they shouldn't have been re-allocated. They said they would be able to provide an upgrade to business but the phone was passed to the team in Melbourne and they dismissed his request to assist us. The most senior person at the counter tried his best to help and arranged for our bags to be pulled of the flight and moved the flight to the next day. How can an airline have a policy to ensure that despite your customer doing everything possible you are not offered the seat which you had booked and confirmed? 
 What a pleasure to fly with this airline and can state unequivocally that Qatar Airways provides the best Business class that I have flown. In a four week period I flew Qatar four times and every time (including one leg in Economy from Istanbul to Doha) the cabin crew were polite, friendly, helpful and impeccably turned out. They all work very hard but maintain a standard of professionalism that is sadly lacking with some other airlines. The aircraft were spotless as were the toilets, the food delicious and beautifully presented and even the 17 and a half hour leg from Auckland to Doha and the slightly shorter return trip was not a hardship.
 Frankfurt to Kuala Lumpur via Doha with Qatar Airways. The flight was great. Flight attendants were attentive and nice. I like how they turn off the common display screen during night hours, unlike Emirates. Food was also great. Green Thai curry chicken was surprisingly spicy, which I like but I'm not too sure if it's suited for normal people. Overall good experience.
  Sydney to Milan via Doha. My plane from Sydney landed 45 minutes late in Doha due to bad weather. We had to reach the terminal on a bus, which took quite some time and for my flight to Milan we were told boarding was closed. The next flight was 7 hours later, which ruined my travel plans. It was in the middle of the night and all we got offered was a voucher for a restaurant : no offer for a room to have a rest. I was forced to try and sleep in one of the Quiet rooms with pretty uncomfortable lounges and announcements every 10 minutes. They show these connecting flights but there's no effort to guarantee a connection that would only require a small delay for the second flight. Flights were quite good, but this sort of behavior ruined the experience.
  London to Sydney via Doha. I have flown with Qatar several times and I am a loyalty club member on Silver status. Unfortunately for work we are only allowed to fly economy so I like to fly with the best economy flight I can. Qatar fell way behind in the quality on my latest journey to Australia with their handling of situations which occurred. The flight from LHR was delayed slightly with a short layover of only 45 minutes. We were assured that everything would be done to get us there with enough time. We arrived in Doha with 35 mins to spare and waited to disembark for about 15 mins. During this time the business and first passengers were called to leave to transfer on. Our flight to Sydney was still in the airport. As we left there was a lady waiting with hotel/meal vouchers which had obviously been prepared during our flight.  We had to wait until the following morning meaning a terrible night in a noisy hotel.  Qatar have paid me for the delay, although it did take 2 emails and quoting the EC regulations before it happened.
  I have flown Qatar Airways several times in the last year and am a member of their loyalty program (silver). Unfortunately my last trip to Australia was absolutely awful. Delays leaving London meant a night spent in Doha but the way back was worse.  I arrived in Sydney airport with 3hrs to spare before the last night flight. There were already about 100 people waiting. Then the flight coming in was announced as cancelled. After much confusion and waiting about 20 minutes it was then changed to our flight. It turned out the incoming had been diverted to Perth with a fault to the toilet and remained in Perth because it would have been to late to arrive in Sydney. This was information not shared with us by Qatar. They sent out one person to try and talk to all passengers and most people couldn’t hear him. He was getting very cross that he had to keep repeating himself. We then had to queue up to be told which hotel we were in - either the airport hotel or one back in the city centre. We queued for about and hour and a half as there were only a few people behind the counters to deal with the entire flight. They did supply a bottle of water/juice and some crackers. I was put in the city centre hotel and told to wait for a phone call or email telling me which flight I was to be put on. I endured a fairly sleepless night, waiting for the update from Qatar. In the end it was only by checking my app at breakfast that I discovered I was booked on a different airline which would take me via China and take over 30 hrs to get home. As you can imagine, I wasn’t best pleased by this and when someone then phoned me (about 30 mins later), I pleaded with them to get me a different route but they weren’t very sympathetic. I cadged a lift with a couple flying to Scotland who had managed to get on a flight with Qatar and went to the Qatar office to plead with them without luck. They did give me a food voucher and told me to go to the counter when the lunch time flight was leaving in the hope that some people had cancelled and I could get on, again with no luck. I remained airport side for most of the day trying to plead  to get me home earlier and quicker. At no point was I offered a different airport, e.g. Gatwick. To be fair the flights into London were very busy and I think this was the main issue with people going to the UK. I had to come back via China Southern Airlines and it was the worst experience I have had. I arrived home late Sunday evening and didn’t work the following day as I was exhausted. So I lost a days work and a weekend with my family. Qatar will not compensate me as EC regulations don’t apply and will not give me back my loyalty points I would have earned if I had flown Qatar Airways.
  I have travelled several times for business on Qatar with good experience. This time I decided to take my family with a short stop over via Doha in order to save SGD3000 versus direct flight. We are a family of 4 travelling together on the way to Paris and returning on separate dates from London. I had to make three separate bookings as a consequence. I realised after making the booking it was not possible to fly together (as 3 bookings) and had to insist at the airport to be seated together. When checking online I was offered to pay 1200SGD extra for Business class upgrade which I did. I then realised the upgrade was only for one leg of the flight (Doha to Paris) and not for the entire journey. Then impossible to cancel online or by phone or to go back to the original booking and impossible to pay for the upgrade for the whole family - not available. Also cannot get a refund for the upgrade that is non refundable. The plane was slightly delayed with no explanation.  We arrived with 20 minutes delay in Doha with 55 minutes to catch the connection flight to Paris. The plane parked far away from the terminal and we endured a 10-15 minutes bus ride. Nobody was waiting for us at the transfer area and we got to the gate 15 minutes before the departure time. The Gate was closed and at 1am we struggled to find a customer service representative. We got our flight rebooked for the morning flight 8 hours later and  we were left alone at 1:30am in the terminal. They did not offer any hotel, impossible to access the business lounge and  we finally found a lounge full of families waiting for the morning flight.  At the end I wanted to save a bit of money by suffering a 1 hour stop over in Doha and ended up paying the same amount wasting 10 hours with my family complaining.
  Goa to London via Doha. One needs to give credit when credit is due I've always said. I've flown with Qatar Airways on and off over the years, whether it be from UK to India, India to Australia or UK to Australia. I've also flown with  other airlines all over the world and over many years. Fortunately I don't do three flights a week anymore and it's only a handful of long hauls a year now. But every time I've flown with Qatar Airways it's been a very pleasant experience. The  staff are by far the best I've dealt with for politeness and fantastic customer service. The flight details I listed above on 30th May QR523 and QR007 from Goa to London, where my 11 year old son, Frank Hewett, travelled as an unaccompanied minor, I felt so at ease with the service Qatar Airways provided. From the time they collected Frank and delivered him to my wife in London I was kept up to date on the progress and even the phone calls to let me know he had lost his mobile phone in the airport lounge. Little be known to me, Qatar Airways  upgraded him to business class from Goa to Doha. I honestly thank Qatar Airways and the staff for looking after my son and gave me the peace of mind knowing he was completely looked after from start to finish.
  Dublin to Perth via Doha. The check-in at Dublin rigidly enforce the  7kg cabin bag limit. This would be fair enough except that on my outbound journey staff had told me that Qatar Airways baggage allowance was 10kg, and I kind of relied on that advice. On board the 787 I was disappointed to find my foot space restricted by a big metal box under the seat, despite being a near-new aircraft. I got a vegetarian meal, but not the one I ordered - I think that went to my neighbour who didn't eat it. Qatar doesn't put names or seat numbers on special meals. We were a little late into Doha, but the delay was compounded when the aircraft parked a 20 minute bus ride away from the terminal. Security identified an issue with my hand luggage and made me unpack everything. Finally re-packed, I started the long walk to the new gate, only to have the security experience repeated - even though I quickly volunteered the small device which had caused issues at the previous check, they made me unpack everything, again. On board the A380 I have to say things took a big turn for the better, seats were comfortable, no metal boxes under the seats, I got the right meal and managed some sleep. Arrival in Perth was on time and luggage came quickly. I never did manage to get internet connectivity on the 787; I did on the A380, but be aware that the complimentary wifi they advertise is actually restricted to certain social media. So it was a mixed experience - I would fly Qatar again, but I think I would try to avoid the 787, transfer times under 2 hours, and Dublin.
  My first time travelling with my family to Europe with Qatar Airways and it was long route from Sydney to Paris via Doha and I was grateful that I flew with this airline. Despite the long flight duration, it was a truly comfortable journey for me and my family. The seats and on-board services from the staffs were excellent. The foods were by far the best in-flight meals that I ever had. I was impressed of how Qatar prioritise child passenger and how the staffs interact with kid so sincerely. Transit in Doha was OK, nice airport but not many options for foods. But it was OK because the flight service gave us everything that we need. The only disappointment was the ground staff in Sydney airport. We were denied check in the flight to Paris because I had a Schengen visa issued by Switzerland. But the manager in-charged sorted it.
  Paris to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. One of the best Economy flights I have experienced. The seat is really comfortable and comes with all the perks: toiletries kit, socks, refresher, pillow etc. The elbow support on the alley side can be put to vertical position which is very convenient for oversized people. The space for your legs is most likely the widest of all airlines, even if the front seat is reclined you don't feel cramped at all. The staff is very professional, reactive and empathic towards the passengers. The toilets are large, clean and well designed. Food is good, entertainment system is nice with lots to keep you busy in long hauls. All in all, I will fly this airline again anytime. The stopover in Doha is fantastic as this is a very nice and well-thought airport with lots to entertain you. On the return flight, the connection was extremely tight (1 hour) and yet it was smooth and we got all our luggage on arrival. Thank you folks, keep up the great job.
  Munich to Doha. The Munich Airport ground crew manning the business class queue was rude. When the call was made for boarding for business class then zone 1, I went to queue up. Upon seeing there was another staff manning a counter on the left with no queue, I went to her mistakenly thinking it was just another line for boarding. When I presented my boarding pass, she didn't bother to take it and said something which I couldn't understand. I decided to go ahead to walk towards the boarding gate. The lady raised her voice and said 'hey!', which started me and then said the counter was for business class. I acknowledge that I'd made a mistake but she could have pointed me to the correct queue instead of mumbling with no action. The crew on the plane was pleasant and friendly.
  Doha to New York. Great experience, Qatar ensure luxury in their one and only QSuite in Business class. I was excited to be on A350 XWB and it was fully worth it. Food was awesome, cabin was very clean, toilets was clean. Amenities comes up with great quality and almost everything you need. Pajamas very comfortable, cabin temperature was well maintained and pleasant. Food comes up with lots of varieties and restaurant style serving. Cabin crews well taken care of me whenever needed, customer focused and respond to you politely. This has been a great experience for me on flight and on ground service. However because of my previous flight become late I wasn't able to use lounge in Doha and run like hell to catch this long haul flight. 
  
My outbound flight was from Singapore to Oslo via Doha. The transfer at Doha was a rush because the flight from Singapore was delayed. I had to board a bus to get to the terminal, go through security screening and run across the terminal to the boarding gate to catch another bus for the connecting flight. They failed to transfer my check-in luggage at Doha. I arrived in Oslo at about 1.30pm and reported that my luggage was missing. The ground handling (SAS) representative told me that my luggage was  in Doha and that it would arrive the next day. It did not arrive the next day. I tried calling their representative at the airport, but I could not reach them.  No one from Qatar Airways or SAS called me, even though they have details of my hotel and phone number. Eventually, my luggage was delivered to my hotel 55 hrs after I arrived in Oslo. I have written emails to the airline to ask how I can claim compensation, but each time I only received a reply saying that the matter is being handled by their airport counterparts and to wait for these airport personnel to reply. It has been 17 days since the incident, and there has been no word from these people. 
  Brussels to Bangkok via Doha in April and Qatar Airways is a top airline! The most aspects of our journey were good/great. We had no transfer problems at all, although the transfer time was limited (1h45). We checked in via web (twice), but the queues for us in Brussels as well in Bangkok were longer than those who had not checked in via web. There were far more check in desks opened for customers who had not checked in, so our waiting time was to long.  The cabin crew was very friendly (especially for our kids). The inflight service and meals are very good. It was just a bit disappointing that the choices for the main course were limited when they came by. Overall were satisfied with Qatar Airways.
 Flew from Vienna via Doha to Bangkok first time on board Qatar Airways and definitely not the last time. Check-in agents at the airport as well as ground staff in Doha and Bangkok were very professional and efficient. Seats super comfortable, enough privacy, as well as a nice amenity kit - seats and atmosphere on board it's A350 are even better! Really liked the food on board from Breakfast to Dinner, nice selection on menus, menu cards for Breakfast to ensure you get enough sleep. I highly recommend this airline.
  Milan to Denpasar via Doha return in business. I found this airline real 5 star service on all sectors, staff is super efficient and warm taking care of you all time from check-in to arrival. Everybody is calling you by name. Biz class product mixed with both QSuite on A359 and old seat on B773 but high level of comfort in both cases with food quality top notch. I have to say that despite the new suite is newer and innovative is a bit claustrophobic , the old style seat itself is more comfortable to sleep in and move around.Transit in DOH was smooth and will recommend this airport compared to DXB that is too crowded. Al Mourjan Business Lounge in DOH was better than any other airline's F class lounge. Crews quality standard are at top standards in the market and set this airline far from the direct competitor EK. I'll fly with Qatar again in the future even paying a premium price compared to Emirates, Oman Air or Etihad.
  Bangkok to Milan via Doha. Unfortunately once again equipment change on first leg from Bangkok to Doha. Ended up up flying on old style angled seats of 777 which I hate. The second part was on the QSuite which is absolutely fantastic. If they only stopped changing equipment it would be a 10/10 all through. Service and lounges are all excellent as always on Qatar.
  Milan to Bangkok via Doha. Always a pleasure to fly with Qatar on Business Class, however this time the second part of our journey we were downgraded from a Qsuite to an old style angled seat 777. First part of the journey excellent on the A350 but the Boeing 777 really isn't worth it anymore and is very disappointing. Soft product as always excellent by Qatar Airways with top class service and lounges, but a big shame on the old style aircraft especially when I had booked to fly the Qsuite.
  Singapore to Doha. Qatar Airways offer their newest aircraft with their latest product (QSuites) in business class on this route, the flight was very comfortable and smooth, I slept through half of it. I didn’t have time to enjoy the meal service but the IFE was nice with a good selection and the internet service was OK. Cabin staff was friendly and their service was quick.
  Doha to Calicut. I had a beautiful experience onboard. We were traveling with 7, myself my wife, mother in law, sister in law, brother in law including two kids of 1 and 2. We Went to Qatar for a short vacation. The service great, they took care of kids properly. Crew had lot of patience. Crews name I couldn’t recollect properly. Thank you Qatar Airways.
  Singapore to Stockholm via Doha. Were told upon checkin that flight will be delayed by one hour. It was later announced that it would be 30 min, it was 1.5h at the end. Very mediocre lounge at Changi terminal 1. it was a lot better when Qatar was still at T3. Flight arrived in Doha almost 2 h late and most pax missed their connecting flight because the use of a remote position. It took 50 minutes from arrival till getting to the airport building. Very frustrating if there is a connecting flight. I made it as the last pax who arrived for the connecting flight to Stockholm, again, a remote position of the aircraft with a 25 min bus drive. Service on the both legs outstanding as always. Unfortunately, my baggage didn’t make it to Stockholm, and I was promised to have it delivered to my home within a day. That’s where the nightmare started. I had a connecting flight to Hamburg, and was informed a day later that they were not willing to deliver to my home. I have to collect the baggage from Hamburg airport. Since it’s a long way from my home to Hamburg, I have not been able to collect the bag yet and it’s day 5 after arrival. I think the airlines should take full responsibility if baggage is lost. No response to my emails....the same applies to phone calls...where I was told that reservation got nothing to do with it. The handling agent insists that I collect the baggage myself. A rather disappointing experience for a Qatar Platinum status guest.
  Doha to Hong Kong. Qatar Airways offer their state of the art QSuites on this route, it is a pleasure but if you are 192 cm or more in height it may be uncomfortable. The choices for breakfast were poor and it was a poor selection for me. The entertainment system choices were acceptable. The cabin staff were disinterested for me except for the chief. Cabin WiFi was good.
  Bangkok to Gatwick via Doha. Ground service in Bangkok was mixed, check in and security were fine and very quick. Disappointed that the nice ticket wallets seem to no longer be issued (I wondered if it was a glitch on my outbound).. hardly necessary but was a nice touch. The lounge showers were not working. Thankfully I knew I could use the JAL lounge which was close by, but this was not offered by the staff when I made clear my disappointment at theirs not functioning. Other than that the lounge was excellent. Premium feeling but lovely food and drink options, very attentive professional staff and a nice mix of comfy and practical seating. Annoyingly the lounge was absolutely no where near the gate they were using tonight, approx 20 min walk. Whilst you expect this at the airlines hub airport, you do not expect it when at another world airport. With only a handful of flights a day and a dedicated lounge it should be possible to fly from gates at least on the same side of the airport. When eventually getting to the gate, having been prompted by lounge staff that the plane was boarding, all bus passenger had to stand for another 15 mins before they actually started boarding as the gate was so packed full there were no seats. Lounge in Doha is cavernous. Having visited a few times now I have decided that overall I don’t like it, and as Qatar airways expands and the lounge gets busier I like it less and less. Because it is just open space it always feels busy. The chairs are not particularly comfortable and there are coffee/soft drinks stands dotted about fairly sparsely, with main food and drink at either end. Obviously there are staff walking around who can provide you drinks, but I prefer more self service drinks to also be available. On board the service was excellent on both flights. Wonderful crew, and good quality food and drinks. Seats are very comfortable. On the 777 it was the old seat, although I actually really like this. It’s not quite fully flat but still very nice with excellent storage and I slept well. IFE is fine. Lots of choice and good resolution however the interface is clunky and unresponsive on both systems. The new one on Qsuite is much better. Landing in Gatwick reminds me that in spite of a lot of improvements Gatwick is still a horrible airport.. but it is convenient for me. Bags arrived quickly and immigration had a short queue. Overall flight was excellent although very slight downgrades in quality, and price increases are making this not quite as appealing for leisure travellers. Being Oneworld is a massive perk as tier point collection for BA is very good.
 Unbelievable level of personalised service even in the cheap seats. My wife and I have just completed 4 flights with Qatar Airways. Travelling to London from Melbourne via Doha and return. The first thing we noticed was the extended boarding time on the A380 which ensured orderly and relaxed boarding with no pushing and shoving and fighting for overhead bin space. The inflight service on 3 of the 4 flights was the best we have ever had in economy class. The service on the second flight while not in the same class as the other 3 flights was certainly as good as our regular carrier SQ so to complain would be pedantic. The choice of 3 options of meal (1 of which is vegetarian) at meal times was a pleasant addition and all meals I ate on all flights were full flavoured generous in size healthy and a step above the mush some airlines offer. Plenty of snacks and beverages offered throughout the flight. In short food and beverage is plentiful and with the extended choice of options should satisfy most passengers. Seat comfort (we had 3 A380 flights and 1 B787) was terrific enough legroom and width, the A380 was a little more generous and much quieter in the cabin than the B787. In fact the A380 certainly was the clear winner between both plane variants. The inflight entertainment system Oryx 1 was superb and offered a great selection of movies from new releases through to classics from the golden years of Hollywood, Music selection was the best I have encountered on an inflight entertainment system and I listened to a fair few full length albums to while away the time. Finally big shout out to the excellent Qatar flight crews who were professional, exuberant and hardworking with no crew vanishing acts here like most long hauls where you struggle to find crew after the first main meal service. In fact my wife mentioned as we were at the baggage carousel at Tullamarine, that it was the freshest she had ever felt after a long haul flight home, given we did London Doha (6.5 hours) 3 hours in the Oryx Lounge at Doha, then Doha To Melbourne (13.5 hours) . Qatar Airways have now won my long haul business. Unfortunately with no direct Melbourne Singapore or Melbourne Vietnam services I am still shackled to SQ whose standards have been slipping for the last 3 years. Thank you Qatar see you again in September when I test drive your new Lisbon route.
 Doha to Munich. Crew: Awesome, dedicated, beautiful, pleasant, and attentive. The crew and the supervisor onboard of the flight were top notch. The best that I have interacted with compared to other airlines. The crew kept checking in with me to see if I am comfortable. Aircraft: The Qsuite was clean, comfortable and private. The in-flight entertainment system was responsive and showed no signs of lag. F&B: Spoilt for choices. The signature drink was a blast. Fine dining experience. Overall, the food was awesome. Overall, this airline has won my heart. I was smitten by the level of service and I will keep on flying with QR.
  I was woken on a 9 hour flight, nearly hours before landing, and being asked if I want to be woken for food in an hours time. Waiting on a bus at Doha to allow the business class bus to be filled is not business class at all. The complimentary lounge in Jakarta is awful. I will be avoiding them in the future.  Food is okay, business class chairs I felt uncomfortable. Crew was a mixed bag from ok to poor.
  Johannesburg to London via Doha. Normally I love Qatar Airways but this experience wasn't so good. When I flew LHR to JNB via DOH everything was great. The brilliant service, plenty of food, great entertainment system and nice aircraft. The way back was not as good. The check-in assistant at JNB was incredibly rude as he spoke to his colleague the whole time he was checking me in and looked at me in a contemptuous way. I suspect he might be employed by the airport as I had the same experience at passport control and security. The route JNB - DOH was ok. The plane was nice and spacious and the seats were very comfortable. A female passenger moved next to me because the passenger behind her had placed her bare feet in full view on the first passenger's armrest. No one told her to put her feet away. They ran out of beef and chicken dishes and only had vegetarian left which I refused to eat as it was dal and spinach which seemed like a bad choice for a flight. The attendants tried really hard to find alternatives and credit to them for their efforts and professionalism. The airline needs to review its meal quotas for each flight. The route DOH - LGW was cramped and uncomfortable - the seats didn't go back as far. The snack was a choice of pizza or pizza with chicken. I don't eat cheese but luckily a member of the cabin crew found me something else. Staff were also great on this flight. The onboard WIFI is terrible. On two separate flights I signed up for the one hour free. The WIFI wouldn't connect until the hour was up, at which point it told me free WIFI was no longer an option. On the other two flights it worked ok but had periods where it wouldn't connect. Compared to Emirates, Qatar Airways staff are friendlier and more obliging and they give you more food.  If all Qatar Airway's planes were as good as the JNB-DOH route and they didn't run out of food then they would definitely be my favourite airline.
  Birmingham to Doha. Qatar Airways is the best when it is in the air, but they don't seem to care about customer's claims. They update the wrong Qmiles when I flew with them 3 days ago. 
 I know Qatar Airways well after flying them for a couple of years and maintaining my Platinum frequent flyer status. I noticed some decline in the standard of their business class product over the last year or so. Qatars big strength was always its consistency of their business class. That is not the case anymore. The flight from Stockholm to Doha was top notch service wise, but the flight to Singapore was a different matter. The Qsuite was great as always, but service wasn’t. The Purser in charge never introduced herself or said goodbye, nothing. The lady in charge of my section was obviously hating her job. No smile, very slow and chaotic service, wine was served after the main course. My seat could not move 2h before arrival and I had to sit on the bed for breakfast. When the plane started to descend, I was still sitting and my third reminder to look at the seat was ignored by her. I asked someone else and within 5 minutes I was given another seat for landing. Overall a rather disappointing flight, I hope my return next week will be better.
  DEL-DOH-BCN in Economy a mixed bag experience. On the positive side, clean, crisp equipment and very professional crews, cheap WiFi when it works. On the negative side, they lost my bag, I checked in 3 hours before departure in Delhi and had in excess of 2 hours transit time in Doha. They provided no value to status customers - can't pre reserve extra leg room seats or exit rows, zero status recognition, members lounge in Doha is appalling.
  Male to Milan via Doha. Te first flight arrived with 2 hours delay, our connection was automatically moved to the next available flight more than 10 hours later. We have been asked to wait in a lounge or to queue to get outside the airport to a hotel. Facing extremely long queue we chose the first. Qatar Airways refused any compensation for the delay.
  Barcelona to Mumbai via Doha in Economy class, paid to upgrade to business on DOH-BOM segment during online check in. On balance this was a good experience, not great. BCN-DOH on an A350 that apparently is owned by Latam and operated by Qatar. Branding was Qatar, but business class configuration was pure Latam - ie 2x2x2 - hence when they asked for in excess of 700 Euro to upgrade for a 6.5 hour flight I passed. Economy was pleasant as the flight wasn't crowded and I had three seats to myself. I did opt to upgrade on the DOH-BOM segment, as it was a Q-suite configured aircraft, and priced at just over 300 euro for a late night three hour flight arriving at 2:30am. India flights all running full post Jet Airways collapse so I thought it smart to upgrade. The Q-suite product is very good, although I found the suite a bit claustrophobic. Service was good. There's a bit of a cool demeanor with their cabin crews. Zero special treatment or recognition for Oneworld Emerald for seat allocation or onboard. The Doha lounge was overrated and almost appalling for me. In summary, the trip was good, not spectacular. 
  Washington to Bangkok in economy class on a 777. I arrived 70 minutes before the flight, leaving 10 minutes to spare before the official cutoff time. There were three ticket agents and no one else in line. However, there apparently was some debate over who would have to serve me, as no one would check me in. Several times a clock behind the counter was pointed to, and the agents wandered off without acknowledging me. Finally a supervisor asked one of the agents to take care of me. The agent again pointed to the clock (which at this point was still about 7 minutes prior to the cutoff) but the supervisor pointed to the work station and finally I was attended to. On board, the flight crew seemed neglectful, we were pushing back during the safety presentation and there were passengers standing in the aisles.  The  inflight experience was fine. The seats were comfortable, legroom was adequate, and the cabin was clean, and even economy class gets an amenity kit. The meals were the highlight, with multiple cuisines on offer. An hour of free wifi is included for anyone who pays enough attention to read these things, and the connection speed was truly exceptional. The only complaint about the inflight experience was the headphone jack. If you want to use your own headset, bring a two pronged adapter, or you'll suffer through the adequate but not much-more-than-that headset provided. My second flight was 10 hours after my first, and the Doha Airport is a tragic experience unless you have, or pay for lounge access. or you have a desire to shop for high end luxury brands of clothing and luggage.  The connecting flight was just like the first, but with no seat charging options.  A bit surprising to not have that option, but the entertainment system was good enough to keep me amused. All in, this was better than my last few experiences on Qatar, and I wouldn't tell friends to avoid them. Just get there earlier than the cutoff, and bring a battery and a headphone adapter.
  Belgrade to Sydney via Doha. I decided this year to do my Balkans trip with Qatar having used Lufthansa and Emirates before. What a classy Business class. Now i know why they are voted the best in the world. The service from Doha to Sydney was fantastic and also the trip going over to Belgrade. This airline is without doubt leaving the others in there wake. Having had to fly Qantas to get to Sydney and vice versa Business class it makes you realise how poor our own Qantas airline is. The cabin crew on Qatar know how to serve (thats a word lacking in our countries airline) they were tireless in there quest to serve great meals and wine and ensure we were well looked after. Pity they do not fly to Brisbane which would avoid the sub standard Q we have to use. Well done Qatar you're great.
 Doha  to New York. The Airbus A350-1000 is the latest addition to Qatar Airways' fleet, with its Q Suites that have been raved as the best business class product in the world. In my opinion, it is indeed the best business class product I experienced to date. First and Business Class passengers had their own vast premium check-in area and, not a separate line but a separate security screening facility, which made the whole process peaceful and seamless. The lounge at Doha airport was huge and beautiful. It was quite crowded when I came as it took me a while to find a dining table. However, it did not seem like a chronic issue as it was cleared shortly after. Food offerings were OK, not inspiring providing this was their home base. The gate area, though, was tight and crowded, but I think that was more about the airport. However, as QR is the main operator of the airport, I am surprised why they do not exercise their influence on the design of the gate, which has just been recently completed, to match their excellent service. My Q Suite, in my opinion, was the most intelligently designed business class seat I have seen (those included AA, DL, UA, CX, CI, JL, RJ, BR, TK, BA, OZ, VN, KE, GA and more). The suite may have appeared a bit claustrophobic with the door closed, but it felt totally different with generous shoulder room and hip room, which made sleeping so easy and comfortable. QR offered pajamas and turn down service, a first class perk. Cabin service and food were excellent, and meals were presented nicely, a la carte and on demand. I really enjoyed the flight.
  Auckland to Johannesburg via Doha. On time flights, easy online check in, great food, oh so much food! Pleasant staff, soft landing. OR Tambo airport staff fussed about my visa/return ticket, couldn’t listen to any reason, didn’t seem to quite understand the straightforward visa conditions written on my printout visa until his supervisor had to call immigration at my destination country to verify my eligibility. Another young lady was more apologetic about this inconvenience, kept reassuring me, not him, he was off to the next customer! I understand he’s “only doing his job” but there’s always a better way. And also sometimes flight info is not on the board at Doha, twice I struggled finding out which gate to board at, conveniently however they walk about staff with gate/flight info.
  Birmingham to Amritsar via Doha. Friendly and helpful staff. Treated with a smile. On return I felt ill. The staff was very helpful and caring until I reached Birmingham. Took care of my son and made me feel confident I was in safe hands. I would highly recommend this flight. Compared to the alternative it has very helpful and caring staff. Thank you to the doctor on board who made me feel safe. First on my choice to fly again.
  Manchester to Entebbe via Doha. Bought this ticket, due to it being cheaper than Emirates, which I flew over 15 years not changing it. Advantages: Comfortable atmosphere Well organised crew Free 30 minutes of WiFi for all passengers despite extreme low app rating, it shows all the baggage information, which removes all your worries about it. Superb IFE system (as on Emirates, depends on the aircraft you fly). Good food and often advised with drinks.  For me who flew only Emirates for 15 years, I find Qatar good. Which means, I totally recommend using it.
  Doha to Stockholm. Premium airline and service. You can't go wrong flying with Qatar airways that's for sure. Good food and great wine list with splendid service as always.
  Denpasar to Doha. Premium airline and service. Food is great and the wine list is on top! Only minor complaint was that the Amuse-bouche was a bit too cold so you really couldn't enjoy it. But you can't go wrong in the whole with this airline that is one thing that is sure.
 Flight from Bangalore to Doha was an early morning flight. Extremely orderly boarding process followed by informative captains announcement. One gripe on this leg was the aircraft was on the colder side with no blanket! They had a few and was handed out for people who requested them. The food was good and the flight attendants were as always very attentive. On landing though we had to take a bus from the aircraft to the terminal. This caused a lot of people to panic and run to their connections. I had a two hour layover but had just enough time to make it to my gate. The second leg was a longer flight - this time the aircraft was newer and the seat back entertainment system was of higher quality. Meal service was good and timely. They served two main meals with a snack in the middle. As always the flight attendants were very attentive. Unusually they ran short of the lamb option! As for the seat - my seat was very uncomfortable. It was behind an exit row. Both the seat anchor from the front seat and the seat back entertainment system took away a major portion of the foot space. Had to find an angle to sit for the whole 12 hour journey. On arrival it took nearly an hour to retrieve bags - which is understandable. The takeoff/landing and pilot announcements were all extremely good!
 Doha to New York. Very bad. The food was horrible. The bathroom was so dirty. The whole time the aircraft was smelling. I requested to change my seat, they didn’t do it. I never will use Qatar Airways. I don’t recommenced to anyone .
  Boston to Hyderabad via Doha. Flight out of Boston left on time around 11:05PM. The aircraft type also has changed from an A350 to an aging Boeing 777-300. Aircraft was clean and had the usual amenities. The food was the usual fare. Two meals served with a snack in the middle. Arrived in Doha on time. The seat back entertainment system shows its age in the screen quality. However everything was working and they had a nice selection of movies. Doha airport was super clean and comfortable. Onward journey was on a newer Boeing 787-8. The legroom is still not bad. The seat width leaves much to be desired. No position allowed me to sit without rubbing elbow on the armrest. One cannot also use the neck pillow effectively in these seats as the new fangled head rest interferes.Again very attentive service. Very happy with the overall journey except for the experience in the Boeing 787.
  Edinburgh to Lahore via Doha. Best airline. Absolutely brilliant, great helpful staff. The meals served were fantastic and the A350 is a very comfortable and modern plane to travel in.
  Tehran to Copenhagen via Doha. The staff were very friendly and helpful at the Tehran Airport, especially Ehsan and Shokoufeh who helped us with check in process and the seat. I really appreciate their kind help. I will definitely choose Qatar Airways for my future flights and recommend it to my friends as well.
  Doha to Amsterdam. My first time experiencing the Qsuite, which is outstanding. The suite was very private once doors are shut and there was good enough space for stretching out. Meals are served on demand and the staff were happy to serve me a cheese platter first and then a main meal 4 hours later. Service is personal and outstanding. I will definitely fly Qatar again.
  Manchester to Doha return. A great experience from start to finish. All ground staff pleasant and helpful. Cabin crew provided a consistent service to ensure our comfort and all needs met. Nothing was too much trouble. Particularly want to thank Samyak a ground team member at Doha, who helped myself and my daughter check in and ensured we were sat together in our long journey home. What a champ. Will definitely re booking with Qatar airways again
  Maputo to Rio de Janeiro via Doha. I had an excellent flight with Qatar Airways. Special thanks to Ms Divya and Ms Sherry who both rendered an excellent service, with a lot of dignity and attention to details. Excellent airline.
  Vienna to Denpasar via Doha. My meals were very bad, seat comfort okay for Vienna to Doha and bad for Doha to Denpasar.  My entertainment System not working on Doha – Denpasar. 
  Perth to Doha. Upon boarding, personal steward escorted me to seat and offered me a drink. A case containing Italian toiletries was waiting at the seat. We were offered pyjamas and slippers for the flight. Seat can be converted into a flat bed. Good selection of meals with a large selection of wines. Amazing lounge is fantastic for stretching out the legs. Entertainment and inflight shopping selections are wide. However, inflight shopping is quite expensive. Despite the large business class numbers, we continued to have very attentive service throughout the flight and I was actually able to sleep well on the flight. This is my first time on QR business and I am extremely impressed. I will definitely fly Qatar Airways again.
  Stockholm to Doha. As always a pleasure flying with Qatar airways. Clean fresh cabin with excellent service. Food and beverage top of the line. In-flight entertainment up to date with new features included. Just a pleasure.
  Stockholm to Denpasar via Doha. Still one of the world's top airlines. Perfect aircraft and the service is outstanding . Meals great, wine list perfect. Can't get any better than this!
  Doha to Amsterdam on March 20th. In our cabin the attandent was Mrs Gisella. We want to compliment her. A very pleasant, friendly lady. The level of service was very high. She worked very hard and constantly. This review is one of appreciation! He
  Doha to Kolkata. Another comfortable and punctual flight. Entrance into the plane to the business class cabin was through a dedicated jet bridge. A menu card of meal choices and liquor provided along with a basic amenities bag. Cabin is spacious and seats lie flat. Only two of the five items I selected from the duty free catalog were available - the flight attendant advised that sales on routes to destinations in South Asia were generally minimal and hence small inventory on board. But more amazing to me was that to pay, I had to provide one of those old style credit cards where the name and numbers are embossed as the attendant had no electronic card reader. She took out a mechanical contraption, placed my card on it and over it a multiple sheets credit card slip and then pulled a slide over them to get the imprint. She wrote by hand the amount of purchase and my name on the slip. How old fashioned - luckily I too had an old fashioned credit card with me too!
  Nice experience onboard the A351, quiet aircraft. Crew were rushed on the first sector from London Heathrow to Doha although no delay but second sector was very good from Doha to Kuala Lumpur. Crew professional and pleasant. Only setback is that the announcements for flights using buses to aircrafts were vague at DOH. Must be alert at all times.
  
Pleasant flight on both Kuala Lumpur to Doha and Doha to London Heathrow with Qatar Airways. Crew were very professional and service impeccable onboard. Good option to fly with a transit at Doha.
  Dublin to Doha. My wife and I want to compliment the cabin crew who had to cope with a seriously autistic boy who was very disturbed during the flight. The cabin staff treated the boy and his father with complete dignity and compassion. We have never before seen such a thorough level of professionalism.
 Chennai to Doha. Qatar Airways always has been fast and quick with everything. Crew are welcoming and helpful. Food is average. It is one of the best airlines I have flown with and the economy seating is comfortable.
  Oslo to Singapore via Doha. Top notch flights, all on the A350. Oslo Doha sector on the 359, using the herringbone configuration, and Oslo Singapore the A350-1000 Qsuite. Seats and service as usual top notch. These flights at Doha were at remote locations using busses which is inconvinient and time consuming, with departures using the bus gates totally unorganized. Qatar changed the departure terminal in Singapore from T3 to T1. This is a big downgrade. T1 is mainly for budget carrier and the lounge was so crowded with just basic F&B. Qatar should be more consistent with its product. 
  Bangkok to Washington DC via Doha. Outstanding customer service. The flight crew for my cabin was over the top. Service was prompt and courteous and very professional. I have flown other airlines for this route, Qatar Airways is by far the best for quality and service. Highly recommend.
  I had expected the Q-Suites and to my surprise flew a very outdated Boeing 777-300ER. The seats look old and very outdated. I would rate this business class experience one of the poorest I have experienced in recent years. There is zero privacy, almost no storage space. To make matters worse - when I boarded the aircraft and saw this business class cabin I told the cabin chief that I expected QSuites and he began arguing that this flight doesn’t have QSuites - a few minutes later I was told that this was a mistake and that the aircraft was changed. While Qatar has won the Best Business class award  I would bet that those that voted for it did not see or experience this outdated and bad product.
  Birmingham to Manila via Doha  return in economy class. Overall a pleasant experience across the four sectors flown with only one delay of less than 30 minutes due to a passenger feeling unwell. The BHX-DOH sectors were on a B787, which was probably starting to show its age. For example the AVOD system on these planes is not as sleek as on the B777 which were used for the DOH-MNL sectors, however both provided a good selection of movies both new and old, TV shows, music and games. Seats are generally comfortable although the box for the AVOD system cuts into legroom if you are seated by the aisle or window. The recline is good on both planes as the lower portion of the seat moves forward slightly as the back portion reclines, giving slightly more recline overall. The quality of the food was generally excellent across all sectors, however I was disappointed that on three of the four sectors my first choice was unavailable by the time I was served. On one occasion the air stewardess did make up for this slightly by offering me a crew meal which was similar, however it would be better if the meal choices were available to more of the passengers. Drinks were available throughout the flights although in between meal service you need to go to the galley and ask. We were provided with an amenity kit on the DOH-MNL sectors which included an eye mask, travel socks, toothpaste, toothbrush and lip balm. Free Wi-Fi was available for a limited time on all sectors although the speed on the DOH-MNL sectors was much better - again this might be due to the age of the aircraft. USB ports were available on both planes to charge devices. For the price I paid I was very happy with the service provided and would definitely use Qatar Airways again.
  Bangalore to London via Doha. The Qatar Airways Qsuite seems like an awesome product but there wasn't any space for my bag storage. The service from Bangalore was top notch and impeccable. Yet again the cabin crew make all the difference. Unfortunately a delay at Doha due to the late arrival of the aircraft, but had the usual 1x2x1 layout with no Q suite. However a special mention to cabin crew from Thailand who was the real star of this five star airline. Extremely polite, superb service on board and hats off to her. Unfortunately the food quality at the Al Mourjan lounge seems to be declining. 
  Atlanta to Karachi via Doha. This is my first time flying with Qatar airways in the last decade. I chose Qatar airways rather than Emirates because of better route options from Atlanta. This was also our first time taking our 20 months old on a long trans-atlantic flight. I must say i was very happy with the service I got during both flights. The crew was very professional and they always went an extra mile to accommodate the needs of our child. Further the transit at Doha was also fabulous with options available for business lounges and we got stroller for our child complimentary. I would recommend Qatar airways any day. I will most likely move from Emirates club to Qatar airways club. I shall update the review on our flight back home to ATL.
  Manchester to Melbourne via Doha. Delighted to report that services on Qatar Airways outdo Middle Eastern competitors. They don’t penalise travellers with saver tickets with reduced luggage allowance or charge extra for bulkhead seats or charge for popcorn. Cabin staff excelled and even inquired of my daughter how her trip was going . Keep up this level of service Qatar Airways.
  Singapore to Doha. Fantastic new airplane and the Qsuites are very nice, give you much privacy. Big tv screen and properly choice of movies. I think it could have been more space for your feet, when you make a bed out of your chair. This was an evening flight, duration 8 hours. The crew were very slow, and almost two hours to serve food, and i got only half of my order. Then it was not much time left for sleeping.
  London to Lahore via Doha. London to Doha A380, 9 am flight on time from Heathrow, an aisle seat with leg room. Flight comfortable and breakfast served. Doha to Lahore Boeing 777 not a new aircraft and fully booked. Again an aisle seat with hard cushion and less leg room. Meal served somewhat uninspiring, but cabin crew efficient as always. Arrived in Lahore on time. Return flight from Karachi to Doha - very early departure (3 am) but check in etc still quick and we left on time-aircraft airbus A350, relatively new and more spacious than the 777. Seats comfortable and enough leg room - I am over 6' tall-leg room is important. Before take off passenger in the seat in front of me was sick, cabin crew quickly provided sick bags and a more senior cabin crew member questioned her about her medication. We took off but the passenger and her son were moved elsewhere in the plane. Crew handled the situation well and other passengers were moved to the seats as the plane was full. Breakfast was served but was very ordinary.
  Incheon to Johannesburg via Doha. The service is exceptional! Cabin crew are really friendly and helpful. The meals are delicious and toiletry bags are provided so you have everything you could need during the flight. My favorite airline by far.
  Penang to Copenhagen via Doha. Great flights. Staff attentive and friendly. Nice with printed menu cards in economy. Good wines, drinks and responsive IFE system. Super to receive amenity kit with lip balm etc. Would definitely fly again!
 Budapest to Bangkok via Doha. Excellent service in both flights, smiling and friendly cabin crew. Flights on time, comfortable seats turning into flat bed. Very good meal and sweet wine. Big screen with large choice of movies.
  Bangkok to Budapest via Doha. Both flights arrived on time, the experience was great. Checked in at business class counter and received lounge pass (being silver member). Flight attendant came to me personally and offered a drink before flight. Food was ok, 3 selection available. Entertainment with new release movies. The flights were not full so plenty of space available.
 Bangkok to Milan via Doha.  In the air they are difficult to beat. Boarding in Doha worst ever. Boarded first only to go down the stairs of the gate to wait outside and watch the economy passagners board their buses and head to aircraft. Our bus (Business) was last. The best bit is trying to complain. Basically you can’t. And customer services eventually got rude and impatient with me. I score them low on an overall experience, excellent onboard though but pray you don’t need to contact them. The online social media team seem to spend their time teasing you off-line to direct message then do nothing.
  Hong Kong to Vienna via Doha. Everything was alright during my first flight from HK to Doha, cabin crews were nice, an extra bun was given upon request. During the 9-hr journey, there were crews walking around and checking if guests need any assistance, drinks. My connection time from Doha to Vienna was quite long as 8hr 15mins, which was expected when I bought my ticket. I was fine with it. As I reached Doha at 2335 hrs, I was unable to do anything at the airport. Although the connection time was more than 8hrs, no meal vouchers were provided by the airline. At around 0700hrs, guests were informed that there will be a delay and the next information will be released by 0945 - nothing was given to us. They just gave 1 announcement regarding this issue and mentioned that it is a technical problem. I understand the technical problem can be unpredictable but I would expect more explanation and more care.
  Montreal to Phuket via Doha. Not a great experience. Booked my flights almost 2 months ahead, received an email a month later saying I need to call Customer service there was a change to the flight. I call customer service after an hour wasted on the phone they tell me all is fine and fixed. Time to check in for flight 24 hrs before flight and check in doesn't work. Arrive at airport checking in to Porter Air, they tell me my flights are being deleted and I need to call Qatar. Finally, Air Canada reaches me and for some reason I was moved from Porter which I booked, and now was placed on Air Canada (a company I try to avoid). I contact customer service once in Thailand on my trip to inquire about the screw up. They tell me all is fine and this was not an issue. I try to check in before flight going home, can't check in. Can't contact Qatar, their phone number is in Doha and I am not paying to call them for poor service. Arrive at airport 2hrs and 20min before flight. Huge lineup for Qatar Airways with only two economy counters open. Also a line for web check-in drop off bags - which would have been great had Qatar allowed me to check in online. Beyond disappointed with this awful experience. 
  Bangkok to  Gatwick via Doha. We were having a light snack and a drink before boarding the aircraft at Bangkok airport with plenty of time for us to get to the gate (50 minutes). We saw on the airport screen that the flight was closing, we ran thinking that we had missed the flight. This was 45 minutes before departure. We got to the gate at the same time as many other passengers rushing to get there. We felt badly treated as there was no reason to rush us that way when the plane was not ready to leave. 
  Sydney to Amman via Doha. My transit was in Hamad Int'l Airport, Doha. I missed my connection flight as the time in the screen was departure time and I thought (as other airports) was the boarding time so when I went to the gate, at what I thought was boarding time, the flight had departed already. The customer service personnel at Hamad Int'l airport were very helpful, professional and kind. At first I was going to be charged for the change in flight, but when I explained the situation, Qatar Airways understood and did not charge me a cent (especially thankful after a long flight and being very tired). That is first class service. Thank you to Qatar Airways for this help. A recommendation to be considered, any changes in airport policies or procedures (new or from old practices), it would be great if an email is sent to all who purchased the tickets, I don't think this would be very costly to the Qatar Airways and it would highly appreciated. Example: Hamad Int'l airport is a silent airport, I did not know that until I faced this issue. Please put notice on the screen if the time is departure or boarding time. Thanks again from a very happy customer. 
 Belgrade to Phuket via Doha. The flight late 3 hours so we missed connection flight as well and we waited another 7 hours for it and when we asked to change the return ticket as a compensation they told that they are sorry for inconvenience we had. 
  Copenhagen to Muscat via Doha. The 10-abreast setup in Economy Class Boeing 777-300 is a total disaster. The seats are narrow, and you don't really know where to place your elbows. I am by no means a broad person, but I am Scandinavian. From flying just 6 hours from Copenhagen to Doha I got back and neck pain from sitting in a wrong, forced position. I will never fly this aircraft and this configuration again.
  Singapore to Edinburgh via Doha. I had a wonderful experience flying with Qatar airways to Edinburgh last week! Especially flight attendant, Nicola, from Glasgow who took very good care of me as I was anxious about my very sick relative whom I was returning home to see. I was very happy with the leg room, being a tall female. The inflight food and drinks service is good. The selection of movies was extensive and varied.
 We made a request to get front of cabin row seats as my partner had an injury and was wearing a leg brace. Qatar Airways kindly gave us front of cabin seats in the middle. Unfortunately, cabin staff also used this as a thoroughway, which wasn't too good for sleeping. QR did not have pre-dinner drinks service, only with food. However, staff happily served us drinks when we press attendants' bell. Seats are decent for sitting, not so comfortable for sleeping in. QR provided an overnight pack that contained toothbrush, toothpaste, socks, mask and lip balm. There were also charging sockets and a good selection of Hollywood and World movies. Skipped dinner but breakfast was decent. Overall, a good flight for economy class.
 We checked in at Munich airport and had our special request for seats met as my partner was in crutches. Staff were very helpful and even asked if we needed accessibility assistance. We were also able to board early. Seats have a USB port and 1 hour of SuperWifi is available to economy passengers. Good selection of Hollywood and world movies. 3 meal options for economy. Meal quality average - soggy rice, overcooked beef, over salted rice salad. No pre-meals drink service - only once with the meal. However, water or juice was served twice more on the 5 hrs and 40 min flight. Responses to button calls for attendants were very quick. Overall, good service but poor food.
  
Sydney to Berlin via Doha. Best airline in the world currently. The airplanes are new and clean, service and food is excellent. Some airplanes offer free wifi for a short period of time. A free hotel is given to long transit passengers of higher booking classes.
  Doha to Oslo on an A350-900. On this aircraft Qatar Airways features a more traditional flatbed business seat. While not as spectacular as their QSuite, the seat design and comfort is still top of the line for its class. Taken together - seat hardware, the on-board service, the cleanliness of the cabins - it is easy to see why Qatar is the world's finest airline in business today.
  Mumbai to Doha, on a Boeing 777. On this flight we had the QSuite configuration. The seat hardware blows away all the competition. The comfort and space is closer to the First Class seating found on many other airlines. I haven't seen Singapore or Cathay Business in recent years (Qatar's closest competition) but I don't think either has anything like the seats of QSuite. Even the lavatory design is outstanding. Qatar's in-flight service is very good, but I would rank Lufthansa, Swiss and ANA a notch higher in this department. Where Qatar fell short is at the Al Mourjan Business Lounge in Doha. Physically it is an impressive space. However, during the morning peak hour it transforms into a bus station with all the unpleasantness that goes with it. It is surprising that Qatar hasn't thought through this as well as the energies they have put into their in-flight product. We had to stand outside for 15 mins for a shower and the restaurant upstairs was packed to the gills with many turned away due to lack of seating space.
  Doha to New York JFK. I would like to compliment the cabin crew on my flight from Doha-JFK in particular Happy who was excellent. It was my first time hanging out with the crew members during a flight in the back galley. Happy was just so good with what she was doing, doing everything with a smile to make our journey an enjoyable one. It was a very long flight, over 14 hours but she made it fun.
  London to Sydney via Doha. Check in at Heathrow was chaos, two flights leaving an hour apart. Ground staff unhappy and no management of lines. Waited 2 hours to check in, regular economy line had 6 counters, web check in line had 3, 2 of which were shared with business check in. What is the point of checking in online if you aren't getting anything from it? London to Doha, FA's unhappy. Food was terrible. FA's almost resistant to drink refills during service, FA frowned at partner when he asked for another G & T.  No amenities kits. Doha to Sydney, a repeat performance. FA's unhappy and disinterested. 
  Melbourne to London return via Doha. I just want to say thank you to Qatar Airways for the wonderful service extended to my family and myself during our trip. The ground staff, as well as the crew, are exceptional. They went out of their way to make sure that the long flight was comfortable and pleasurable. We thoroughly enjoyed the meals provided. Thank you Qatar Airways!
  Doha to Edinburgh. I really enjoyed my flight with Qatar Airways in early January. Entertainment and drink service was really great from lovely flight attendants. Specifically, I wanted to mention a big shout out to Bruna, who made the beginning of our trip extra special by being so lovely and providing amazing service. Thank you very much. I will definitely be recommending this airline to others.
 Birmingham to Bangkok via Doha. Fantastic, they deliver a great product on the first leg, the service was great and the ride in their new Boeing 787 was a real enjoyable pleasure. Only slight downside was the leg room was only 29inch instead of some of their rivals being 31+. It was a day flight so no need to sleep and the cabin and ride was great, I picked this flight as I hadn't flown the 787 before and wanted too. Doha - Bangkok - The best aircraft I have ever flown in, the Airbus A350 widebody - great plane, great comfort very enjoyable, quiet and good to sleep in. All in all Qatar deliver a great product and service with great planes and staff. Well done I will be back.
  
Milan to Dhaka via Doha. We had traveled with Qatar Airways many times because price is good and their service is good so we think they improved their service. 
  Copenhagen to Bangalore via Doha. This time my flights were a mixed bag and somewhat disappointing, especially the sectors BLR-DOH and DOH-CPH on 09 January 2019. Both flights full, the first leg being a real flight from hell because of screaming children who wouldn't stop during the 4 hr flight. QR has added an extra seat on their B777-200LR's as well as B777-300ER's during their latest refurbishment (3-4-3 in Economy), which makes the seating extremely cramped and the aisles too narrow. I'm 6"1' and due to the too narrow seat, it was very hard to find a comfortable position to eat or rest, the seat is simply not suitable for me. The cabin crew are all very good and hard-working, meals OK for Economy and the Oryx entertainment system way above many competitors, but I found it hard to enjoy all this due to the problems mentioned.  We had 55 min connection at CPH (QR to SAS) but since QR was delayed due to an extremely long taxiing at DOH, we managed to catch SAS thanks to the security check and passport control at CPH, however, our bags didn't make it and came 24 hrs later due to the fact that QR has one ground handling agent at CPH and SAS another. All in all, QR is a good airline to fly with and DOH is a great airport as suggested by fellow travellers as well but, in my opinion, the cramped cabins in Economy don't reflect a five-star experience and the cabin crew struggle on the narrow aisles to provide five-star service they have been so well trained for. A mixed bag, really.
  Kochi to Munich via Doha. Their booking and seat allocation system has changed for the worse this time. Seat allocation for 3 people incl a minor in 3 different rows. No seats open for selection during online check in. And the cabin crew has been the least helpful. First thing such a seating situation has not happened to us before and secondly even if it did in a rare case the cabin crew tried their best, asked single travelers around and adjusted seats for us to be together. We have been privilege club members for nine years and such loyalty didn’t bring any value either. Looking for other options from our next travel on.
  Gothenburg to Dar Es Salaam via Doha. It took Privilege club customer service 13 days to answer request to extend the validity of points, which was proposed by their customer support in Doha. In the meantime the points had expired and we were invited to rebuy or own points
 Singapore to Doha. The Qatar Airways A350 is very new and beautiful. The seats are ok but can be wider. Cabin crew are very courteous and apologetic when they ran out of items in the menu, quite surprising considering the flight seemed 60% of capacity. I was served night snack and breakfast. Night snack was delicious, but the breakfast was awful.
  Montreal to Colombo via Doha. Unfortunately, my perception and loyalty along with has been questioned with the current state of customer care I’m receiving from Qatar Airways. A connection flight from Toronto to Montreal with Westjet was delayed and has left me stranded in Montreal for more than 30 hours. No one was willing to take responsibility of the situation and make things right. I lost valuable time and a business/vacation plans I made were in disarray. The customer service has been very disappointing and being a frequent flier with them, they had no regard towards maintaining the relationship.
  Never fly again, I have never heard of allocating seats in different rows (Row 15 and 16) for a 5 year old kid and parent. The staff inside the flight and airport not worried at all. They had separated my daughter by allocating her seat in different row. 
  London to Kuala Lumpur via Doha on economy. On the outbound flight the Doha to Kuala Lumpur flight was delayed for more than 5 hours. The A330 aircraft wasn't comfortable with a huge box obstructing the limited leg space. On the inbound flight, the Doha to London flight was also delayed for a few hours. I experienced delays in both outbound and inbound flights.
  Perth to Edinburgh via Doha. On both outward and return legs, A380 and A350. Aircraft were all in new condition and immaculate. Plenty of legroom and attentive flight attendants. In-flight entertainment impressive. The food was bland and not very appetising and quality of in-flight food seems to be slipping.
  Johannesburg to Singapore return via Doha. On the first leg of the flight between Johannesburg and Doha, we were extremely impressed with the service of the flight attendants. We were also impressed by the flight attendants, who attended to us on our return flight from Doha to Johannesburg. We were all most excited by using the Q-Suites, but found the flight attendants to be aloof. We were especially disappointed with the service between Singapore and Doha. I was really looking forward to having my bed made up and pyjamas on the flight. Although we wanted to sleep immediately when we got onto the flight; we were not offered to have beds made up - the flight attendant told me at the end of the flight that she could have made up our beds but she didn’t want to disturb us. Additionally, whilst my husband and son were asked about the size of pyjamas; I was given a XXL size, without being asked about my size (I am a medium). I was too tired to protest and did not bother to use the pyjamas. These were the little things I was looking forward to; and I am quite disappointed.
  Sydney to Doha. Mohammed was an extremely helpful staff member whose customer service deserves to be recognized. He went above and beyond to ensure we had an excellent flight and the staff on-board also made an impressive impression. Food was adequate and entertainment was abundant. One of the best flights I've been on. Would recommend to a friend 9/10
  Washington to Doha in Economy class. My flight was delayed by 4 hours at Washington, the ground staff did not even regret for the delay. Unfortunately i had to miss my connection at Doha with 45 minutes to spare. The airline re-scheduled my flight with a further wait delay of 6 hours. I was not provided lounge facilities, was just given a food coupon of 10 USD.
  Los Angeles to Doha. An old and tired Boeing 777-200LR which had not been upgraded, then IFE was the poorest I have seen in years. Cabin staff were attentive and friendly and the food was good but Qatar Airways did not do themselves any favors by operating such an old plane. The WiFi was patchy it worked at the start but went off line over Europe.
  Doha to Copenhagen. When cabin crew asked me what I want for dinner, I answered “which one is bigger because I am hungry”, and she gave me two packs of main course. When we landed in Copenhagen, and you know as soon as the belt light is off, all passengers try to get their stuff and everyone tries to get off the plane faster so it’s definitely not the best time to ask something from the crew because basically they cannot move. I wanted to put my Danish Simcard in my cell phone and let my girlfriend know that I’m back home, so I asked one of the crew for a pin or a needle or anything that I can remove the Simcard from my iphone. And she opened her name tag from her shirt and gave it to me to use its needle. I thought this staff need a good review. I was happy with my experience with Qatar Airways in general.
  Perth to Munich via Doha. Perth to Doha Boarding was reasonably fast for a packed large plane. Seat pockets in economy are very tight - everybtime the man behind me tried to fit something in the seat pocket, I felt it. Food was tasty - I had the beef harissa because this flight forgot my special meal request. However, no pre-meal drink service, meal service commenced 90 minutes after take off, no cup holders as part of tray, very tight seat pockets. Hard plastic cups used means no place to store used cups - by the end of the flight, multiple broken plastic cups were strewn around our seats. No inflight shopping magazine. Doha to Munich Bus to flight. 777. Decent seat pockets. Inflight shopping magazine available. My special meal was remembered! Free wifi was available for an hour. Entertainment range is the same as the previous flight and even though the system is clearly older, it worked just as well. Good flight, pity this was for the shorter connecting flight.
  Washington to Doha. I had an award ticket and wanted to change the date on my return. I have modified my ticket in the past during previous holidays and it was a relatively easy process usually completed with a single phone call to Qatar Airways customer service. I called Qatar Airways and the representative informed me that I should contact the Privilege Club department, as Qatar Airways does not deal with award tickets. I called the Privilege Club department which informed me that I need to submit my request using their online contact center. If this wasn’t already a convoluted process, the automatic response to my request from the contact center was that I had to wait 3 business days before my request could be tended to. How is this practical when a customer needs to make an urgent change? My request was simple - I just wanted to know what dates were available for me to change my return ticket to and what the cost of implementing such a change would be. The response I finally received three business days later, was a generic one that did not even address my request. They replied stating that a change would cost $25 if completed 24 hours or more prior to departure and $100 if within 3 and 24 hours of departure. However, they did not provide me with any answer as to what dates were available for me to change my award ticket to. Not only did I have to wait for 3 business days to receive a response, but the response I received was completely unhelpful and useless. Having to wait 3 business days to get a response is unreasonable, especially when the responses are not helpful. My case was an urgent one and could not wait a week, let alone three business days.  attempted to contact someone from the Privilege Department on Friday and was told that my request would be expedited. I tried to follow up the next day but because it was a Saturday, the offices were closed. I tried to call on Sunday and was informed that the office was closed. What is the point of being a privilege club member if the customer helpline is not open on Saturdays and Sundays while the general Qatar Airways customer service helpline is? I would rather be a standard, non-privilege customer and receive more reliable and timely customer service, than be a privilege club customer and have to wait days upon days for anything that even remotely resembles a response.
  London to Doha. I decided to fly Qatar business class to  experience the Q-suite. I found out after I boarded that the aircraft was changed. It was a dated plane, seating was 2-2-2 and there was no privacy. Movies titles were limited, the charging port doesn't work and seat was uncomfortable. I wrote to Qatar but the response quoted  the conditions of carriage that the flight is subject to change without notice. I would have expected a more positive response and it was a huge disappointment that Qatar failed to deliver and resolve my expectations of deciding to travel with the airline solely for the Q-suite experience. 
  Denpasar to Munich via Doha. When I reached the check in counter, the lady was weighing my cabin baggage which exceeded the allowed weight by 5kg. She therefore refused me to allow it on board and asked me to put things out. Unfortunately it was a bag that I could not leave as checked baggage, as it was a very expensive and I had also things there I needed on board.  I  understand policies, but  I have allowed checked baggage of 30kg and I'm not using it; why is it not possible to allow a cabin bag to exceed 5 kg? I was standing there 20 minutes and she did not proceed with the ticket. In the end I got really mad, as I knew the only option was to throw out my close bag to get rid of the 5kg. So in the end I lost my closing times at the airport. On the plane I felt like the whole service was running slow this time and we've been waiting longer to get the first meal (on the flight from Denpasar). Everything else has been fine as usual: good seats, good entertainment and overall very nice staff. This action really disappointed me quite a lot. 
  Doha to Los Angeles. The boarding process was hampered by a ridiculous security screening. An old plane by Qatar Airways standards that needs refreshing, the configuration is the old business class seating 2-2-2 and the seats are showing the age. All the staff were friendly and attentive and the IFE had a great movie selection though the TV selection was poor and no live TV or internet. Food was Ok not outstanding I had the beef steak.
  Berlin to Hanoi via Doha. The cabin crew served me unprofessional, unfriendly without eye contact, they can speak English well. I had to transfer in Doha for 20 Hours and expected I would have accommodation offer for 20 hours. I dont get the offer and have to stay in the airport for 20 hours. The staff just gave me the information, she didn't tell me what kind of alternatives I have like staying in a quiet room or lounge or airport hotel, until i asked her. 
  Hong Kong and Doha return. I booked Qsuite for both flights. My booking was confirmed by their ticketing office and online seating plan gave the same indication. However I got a normal business class seat without adequate prior notice with a change of planes at last minute. I paid to book Qsuite for both flights but got a 2-2-2 configuration business class seat with less privacy, less space and different seat structure. On 14 Dec, I was informed of the plane change at the check-in counter with no apologies. On 16 Dec, I only found out when I boarded the plane. As a result, the menu was inaccurate and some food items on the menu were not available.  I did not get the best business class experience on both flights. 
  Sarajevo to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. Qatar Airways has been one of the top airlines for some time and it is striving hard to stay there. Impeccable service, well maintained aircraft. A340 has everything in its economy class cabin.
  Flew Kigali to Frankfurt via Doha 14-15 December 2018 on A330-200 and Boeing 777ER respectively. Upgraded from N-class to U-class (business upgrade) for credits in their FFP. Flights on time despite economy was overly full on both sectors and even business also on last stretch (DOH-FRA). Check-in in KGL took ages due to incompetent 3rd part company who don’t know basic and ask a lot of superfluous questions which already are in the computer and on the BPs. Lounge decent, large, good snack and hot dishes - but no lane view as windows are blinded with ugly tape. Business passengers got special bus to drive 250 meters, a joke and waste of time and resources. Onboard: welcome drinks provided, food is embarrassing for QR and is getting worse and worse the 2 most recent years. FA’s and drinks are top notch, however. Hardware and precision is unchallenged. Q-suites is over-rated unless you fly in a group and want to be together. Was granted access to the Al Mourjan lounge in Doha which normally denies even One World elite travelers on upgrades. Terrible bus-gating in Doha. Takes hours and undermine any feel of the qualities provided onboard. They have separate biz buses to reduce the pain for elite travelers but the difference is minimal as all are reduced to public transport which only leaves when the bus is full. Worse is the charity announcements on board. Very introduce and ridiculous. Even worse is the extended flying time from most African and South American countries due to the ban from UAE and others. 
  Sofia to Doha was a regional configuration aircraft with hard cradle like seats, hardly suitable for an overnight 4hrs 50 mins flight. The amenity bag contained just socks and eye shades, when I asked the purser for earplugs, I was told that they do not carry such items. She suggested (I am not sure if she was sarcastic) to keep the headphones on while sleeping. Hardly a good suggestion for getting a good night sleep. Catering was appalling with just one main course to choose from, which was spaghetti. The short flight from Doha to Katmandu to was the total opposite, lie flat seat and the usual good service. I am a Qatar Platinum member and never had a bad flight before, but this was not acceptable.
 Flew with Qatar Airways from Tbilisi to Jakarta via Doha. The onboard service was excellent as was the meals served. The cabin crew could not do enough to help and assist. However the ground service in Doha was terrible on both my inbound and outbound flights. We had to embark and disembark via stairways. They did not use any air bridges on my flights, but parked in remote areas which meant we had to use buses to/from the terminal. Overall the ground service in Doha spoilt what would have been an excellent service so much so I will not be traveling Qatar Airways again.
  London to Mumbai via Doha. This was my 3rd time with Qatar Airways. The ground staff were super friendly and helpful. Due to delayed incoming American Airlines flight from Dallas, we missed our connecting flight from LHR due to horrible connecting process at London if changing terminals between 3 and 4. But Qatar Airways staff made it pretty stress free to accommodate us on the next flight which was luckily in 1 hour and which meant we would not miss the only Qatar Airways flight to Mumbai from Doha that day. Added bonus was we got to experience Qatar's A380 which would otherwise have been a B777-300 flight had we made our original connection. Qatar Airways has never disappointed with regards to ground staff or onboard services. We would always prefer Qatar Airways and recommend this airline to others!
 Doha - Bangkok. Seat 10D. From the moment of boarding, I felt that this flight would be special. Extremely cordial service and comfortably designed interiors resemble the first class. The passenger gets a one-seater, lockable cabin, a large screen, an electrically controlled chair-bed, noise-canceling headphones, pyjamas, luxury cosmetics and an excellent a la carte menu served on a white tablecloth. Champagne and luxury alcohols complete your happiness. The whole flight was extremely comfortable. A huge credit for the flight attendant who served me. She was the essence of courtesy, naturalness and elegance. Thank you! Also the food was delicious, tasty and beautifully presented. There was even a romantic candle (electric). The choice of entertainment on the screen was huge, a great selection of movies and music. After this flight I felt rested, enriched with a high-quality culinary adventure. I will add that the Doha airport is one of the 2 best in the world that I have visited. Friendly, very modern, well-organized and visually appealing. Staff in shops and restaurant was helpful and smiling just like in Qatar Airways. I recommend trying.
  Zurich to Bangkok via Doha. This was my flight on Qatar Airways. I was very impressed from the Qsuites on the new A350 aircraft. Free wifi provided as well, even pajamas were offered in business class. Service from the cabin crew was outstanding. Inflight product in business is as good as many airlines first class. Qatar Airways is a real 5-star airline. Congratulations and many thanks!
  Edinburgh to Phuket via Doha. Great entertainment, comfy seats and great staff all ruined by terrible, bland food. I'm a celiac sufferer so have to be on a gluten-free diet. Even though each flight had at least one dish that would traditionally be gluten free, I was served a specific gf meal with bland steamed vegetables and dry, chicken. The only words to describe this food is terrible even by plane food standards. Considering how nice this other dishes looked, this was extremely disappointing.
  Doha to Geneva. Excellent service from start to finish. I heard great reviews about this airline before, but I felt it with above and beyond what I was expecting. It’ll be my first choice airline to fly with going forward.
  Hong Kong to Doha. Boarding was smooth and take off on time, because of a typhoon hitting India we had to take a different longer route so the flight took more than 9 hours. We had the new QSuites in business class, they are comfortable but lack storage so I had to put my shoes in the overhead. The food was poor, I choose the Arabic Mezza, they used to offer a full mezza previously, now it is only three selections with a tasteless taboula and hummus that lacked lemon and olive oil. The entertainment system was nice in the movie selection but poor on TV, the toilets are huge on Qatar Airways and very well stocked. Very friendly and attentive cabin staff.
  New York to Trivandrum via Doha. They asked us to limit the size of carry on luggage to 7kg and one bag. The flight was delayed from JFK, reached Doha 6 hrs late. Theres only one connection flight to any destination and we lost one day. They give 250 QAD food voucher, which is good for one good meal in the hotel. They mentioned their flights are equipped with WIFI when I tried to join it it said no internet connection, the flight attendent said it had some issues.
  Dallas to Bangkok via Doha. Avoid flying this airline if you have a heavy carry on - the carry-on weight limit is 7kg, my carry on weight totaled 9kg. I happened to have one check-in bag which was already 5lbs over limit. I could not place things inside the check-in bag from my backpack. SoI had to pay $700 extra to fly the same flight for the next day. This taught me the lesson of having a spare bag to carry that you can check in for the situation of having an overweight carry-on. I also learned the lesson of booking directly with Qatar Airways instead of an online website. You will pay hundreds of dollars extra to change a ticket with an online website. When I flew back from Bangkok , the ticketing agent there was also extremely anal retentive about my carry-on weight. I wish Qatar let people pay extra money (overweight baggage fee) in order to board. I would rather pay an extra $150 for a heavy carry-on than a $700 change ticket change charge. 
  Bangalore to Nice via Doha. My experience from was not that great and comfortable. BLR to Doha was good but not comfortable, even though it is Boeing 777 aircraft, staffs are not so greetful and service provided was not as good as I expected. Food was not good for me. Doha to Nice, where it is 7 hours travel an A319 with no entertainment system, seats not so comfortable.  My experience with Qatar Airways was not good.
  Doha to Manchester. We had checked in online both outbound and inbound flight for speed and convenience. But the baggage drop off took a lot longer than the actual check in queue. The aircraft was an older aircraft. With the most annoying location for the remote for the IFE inside the arm rest. Meaning you had to interrupt the person next to you to retrieve which isn’t easy when they are sleeping. Food wasn’t great. The snacks on the plane were vile. Customer service was fine, but there were too many negatives for me that outweighed the positives.
  Hyderabad to Doha. I want to thank Qatar Airways for this quality flight. The crew gave their all to treat passengers as guests. A particular a young lady from the crew was very professional, friendly, respectful and doing all her best to make us feel super welcomed. The other Cabin staff was also very much friendly as well. At the end of the Flight after landing in Doha, I needed to change the Sim card of my phone so was looking for a Pin to change it and couldn’t find it. At this moment, I asked her for help & she immediately took off her Name badge & gave it to me. I was very much surprised. This quick action of hers was an extraordinary gesture. I couldn’t thank her enough. Overall, an excellent flying experience on board Qatar Airways.
 New York to Dhaka via Doha. It was the best flight I ever had. It was like I was in heaven. The staff is really nice. The food was really neat even Emerites can’t get even this good food.
  The worst customer service I have ever experienced. I have been given the run around trying to get a ticket refund from a flight that was cancelled due to unforeseen technical difficulties. I am absolutely speechless how bad it is, I don't even know where to start.
 Route: London Heathrow - Doha Hamad International. This flight was flown by the Airbus A380-800 of Qatar Airways, our seats were in the small economy cabin on the upper deck at the back of the plane. I suggest choosing the seats in front of the bulkhead because the recline is not restricted and there is extra space under your seat as well. The overhead lockers on the side are very small, only backpacks can be stored up there. The service is much faster due to the small cabin size and the Qatar flight attendants always deliver an impeccable service.
  Budapest to Singapore via Doha. We flew with our two babies and the crew was extremely helpful and understanding on the whole journey. The upgraded airport in Doha is also very pleasant.
  Kuala Lumpur to Geneva via Doha. Incredible service on both sectors. The crew gave their all to treat passengers as guests in their own home. That's the only way to describe it. Pleasant, attentive, genuinely caring. Constantly bringing round drinks and offering extra snacks. The restrooms were kept spotless throughout. This airline recruits good people and trains them exceptionally well. Regional competitors don't even come close.
  Nairobi to Doha. I want to thank Qatar Airways for this quality flight. The crew member was very professional, ready to help, always smiling and very active. The quality of food was very good for economy class. Well cooked and good taste. Thank you very much.
  London to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. LHR-DOH in A380 20A. The lounge in Heathrow is nice with some attentive staff. Food offered are great. The business class cabin is fully occupied. The cabin is clean and bright. Welcome drink of Lime and Mint is delicious. Seat is comfortable. Blanket appears comfortable, soft and thick but too warm to be used in the cabin. Food is good - beautifully presented, not too salty as in another middle-east airline. Not a fan of the dessert though (sticky pudding). Cabin staff is extra-ordinarily great. Efficient, tentative, friendly and doing all her best to make you feel super welcomed. Inflight entertainment consist of a good variety of selection and 30mins complimentary wifi is available and of acceptable speed. DOH-KUL in A330 5A. The cabin is half full. The seat is rather cramped - good thing that seat 5B is empty. Plane look rather dated but clean. Cabin staff amazingly efficient and friendly as well.
  Vienna to Denpasar via Doha on 11 October, wheelchair assistance requested to an from the airplane doors. In Vienna it worked perfectly, so in Denpasar. In Doha the service was a shame. We were trapped for about 45 minutes in the elevator which should us brought down. It had about 33 degrees and no AC. Then we had wait on the ground for another 10 minutes for transportation. Let me express my disgust about this issue.
 The website only permits one trip, but I wish to provide feedback for both inbound as well as outbound. The outbound was great, as I have come to expect with QR (who I have been flying with long haul premium for about 4 years). Nothing to be faulted. The 787 was a great business class, enhanced by the quality of the product and service. On the other hand, the 777 from Doha to JFK took the business class experience to a totally new level. The QSuites product, in my mind, is the best business class offering around, which compares favourably with the FC offering of some major airlines. Not to mention the numerous onboard staff and their fantastic service - in particular a young gent who led the onboard team from Doha to Jakarta on the return leg was outstanding! This is not to ignore the contributions of the other young gents and ladies who made both my trips a totally memorable experience. To summarise, QR business class was an outstanding product, mainly thanks to the commitment of their people. QR QSuites takes this to a totally new level! To get the perfect product, QR should either provide free internet for their premium customers (and reduce the pricepoint for the economy) or be more generous with the allowances, and reduce internet access prices. I suspect that this will happen soon anyway.
  Dallas to Kathmandu via Doha. I am satisfied with the flight experience. Ground service experience was very bad at Dallas baggage size was a big deal. The staff was not bothering to put an extra effort to put my luggage in the size measuring container once the wheels of luggage obstructed the baggage to fit in - I managed the wheels after that the luggage fits in and she gives a smile and says you dont have to pay for this now.
  Doha to New York JFK. Excellent flight on a refurbished aircraft that has completely changed the business class travel experience on this route by creating a sense of big space while providing much needed privacy. On previous travel on this morning flight from Doha to JFK, the plane had a 2-2-2 open layout -- affording no privacy at all while being crowded, having to jump over a passenger if you were not on the aisle seat. Now, the new Q-Suite layout has changed all that. The configuration is 1-2-1, some seats face the back of the plane. There is a "door" that seals off your little cubicle equipped with all you need - plug and charge points, large pull out desk table to eat and work on, counters to keep your possessions, a hook to hang your coat, a cupboard for your footwear, reading lights, duvets, pillows, a large TV screen with numerous entertainment choices, and a seat that adjusts in many ways including lie flat. I was able to sleep several hours in absolute privacy in a window seat, 3A. The flight attendants are drawn from many countries of the world and they speak English well. There was a very large menu of food and drinks - cards listing them provided. Qatar provides meals and drinks on request throughout the flight. I am not partial to this form of service. One has to either call the flight attendant or go to the alley to place one's order -- they are delivered to your seat. Overall, the quality of the food is so-so but you are bound to find something that you fancy. Too much effort goes into laying the table cloth and the folded napkin across the waist and setting the place and cleaning it, time and again. Qatar is having an outsize impact on the environment by being so extravagant with their on-demand food and drink service. The flight was smooth and arrived on time. Choice of hot and cold towels were offered at take off and landing. Amenities kit was a hard shell bag, pink in color. Arrival was at Terminal 8 at JFK which is very good compared to the other terminals - in terms of space, facilities, and quickness of official services. I arrived alert and rested.
  Kolkata to Doha. Smooth and comfortable late, late night flight in a window seat with very attentive service. The flight leaves Calcutta at 3:15 in the morning. Boarding was a bit tentative as passengers had been let into the aero bridge but the aircraft was not yet ready to board. Was welcomed on board, shown to seat, and coat taken to be hung in the closet. The spacious cabin was clean and designed in a 1-2-1 layout. Hot towels, welcome drinks, menu card, and an amenities package provided. Nicely groomed flight attendant from Chile was engagingly talkative! A large entertainment system was on offer including films from all over the world. Lie flat seat provided good sleep on this less than five hour flight and on waking up saw a beautiful sight of dawn breaking behind in the East. Breakfast had been selected in advance - an Indian vegetarian dish. It was served at the time requested. It was the only negative aspect of the flight - the food looked ugly, it was overly salted, and the ingredients could not be identified - virtually inedible. On arrival, the front door opened to a dedicated air bridge for biz cabin passengers to disembark. Departure and arrival on schedule. A very high quality product save for the meal. An excellent flying experience!
  Doha to Hong Kong. Early morning departure the route has the new QSuite product. Entertainment system has a wide film choice but the TV selection is poor, the food choice was also poor but the service is excellent. My ticket was bought as CX on their code share operation so the price was competitive.
 Zanzibar to Doha. Late afternoon departure from Zanzibar. The aircraft was an Airbus 320 with old-style Business class seats. I had a window seat in row 2 of 3. The flight was just over 6 hours long and I felt terribly uncomfortable for the whole duration of the flight. When the seats in front of me were fully reclined it gave a claustrophobic feeling and it was very difficult to get up from the seat. It would have been okay for 2 hours but not for 6. The service was a little confused with two FA’s for a full Biz class cabin (12 pax). iPads delivered for entertainment but very limited selection.
  Clark to Boston via Doha, the flight from Clark to Doha was lovely. Unfortunately, there were some problems at the gate for the flight to Boston in the Doha airport, such as a seat reassignment due to a supposed change in aircraft (which does not seem to have occurred after all), boarding which was delayed by about 40 minutes (which led to a departure which was 40 minutes late, too), and a staff member in charge of boarding who appears to have been angry at some passengers for not showing up only when their zone was called, despite her not audibly calling anyone up for boarding after the initial invitation for business class and special assistance passengers! The cabin crew for this particular flight were outstanding and made up for the issues with the ground staff! This particular flight featured quite possibly the worst turbulence I have ever endured in my life--and I once flew through a typhoon. The flight attendants managed to serve us meals during one of the bumpiest parts of the flight and did not drop or spill anything. They continued to smile and politely ask passengers if they needed anything else. One even offered me a special meal which another passenger had not shown up for!  I am a big fan of Qatar Airways--so much so that I endure 8 hour long layovers in Doha every time I fly with them, just because the experience is wonderful every time. The food is delicious, creative, and plentiful. It's also often the cheapest ticket! This time for example, my round trip ticket was for less than $900! But this time in particular, I felt that they went so above and beyond.
  Sydney to Helsinki via Doha. Everything went as expected with Qatar but where has the boarding music gone? In my opinion, quality and amount of food has gone down. What is the point in amenity kits apart from the ear plugs and eye shades, does anyone use the socks and how many people brush their teeth on flights? Being a privilege club member I have nearly always taken advantage of the email offers to upgrade 1 or both legs of a flight for a very reasonable price. On this flight I thankfully read the offer through and noticed lounge access is not included and I dont see the value anymore in upgrading. 2nd leg of Doha-Helsinki was less than 1/3 full and business was completely empty and soon they will be upgrading the aircraft to A330 from Boeing 787 from Helsinki.
  Brussels to Bangkok via Doha in June 2018. Flight from Brussels was delayed for an hour so I arrived Doha Airport at 1.35AM and missed the connecting flight departed at 1.40AM to Bangkok. I rechecked the flight schedule and thought it was possible for me to catch the other flight to Bangkok at 2.25AM; however, the ground staff told me to fly to Bangkok at 8AM because no foods were loaded for me. At 3AM, the other ground staff allowed me to sit at the lounge which had very little food. I spent more than 6 hrs at Doha airport without a proper meal.
  Amsterdam to Bangkok via Doha. Flights were on time and seating, meals and the service were good. I usually book cheaper options and disregard Qatar Airways but to be honest I would fly them again.
  Montreal to Doha. On aircraft the staff took my baby stroller and when I asked for a tag number for the stroller the guy told me that “we have cargo problem and we can’t give a tag for the stroller right now but we will make sure that you get back your stroller at the gate on arrival”. On arrival there was no stroller and I complained at Qatar airways office at Doha airport directly after arrival before leaving the airport. Since October 4th, I was trying to keep in touch with the baggage service team. I called many many time and every time they answered that they are waiting for the Montreal team to answered. Finally, the day before my flight back to Canada they told me that it’s not Qatar airways liability that I miss the stroller.  I agree that I have to have a tag number but if the staff told me that they cannot give me tag number because of the cargo problem that they have what I can do except trusting them. Most of the staff were amazing but I didn’t like how they were procrastinating and left me for only few hours before my next flight and tell me that they’re not responsible.
  Perth to Doha. Had huge problems processing a Qmiles award upgrade from Business to First class. Took 6 weeks, and 23 Support Tickets to resolve. Tried to call: Was told that the support line can no longer work on award upgrades,  please use Website But the website was broken that could not do online. Situation was made worse when my wife was upgraded to First but I couldn't. Eventually the upgrade was processed but they used my Wife's Qmiles; not mine. Another bunch of emails to resolve this. QR: They have problems with the handling of your Qmiles. And you have a second (bigger) problem where your support staff flag SRs (Support Requests) as 'Resolved' but do nothing.
  Milan to Doha. They deserve to be the best airline again, service is excellent in every flight as well in the airport gates. I felt a nice ambiance and atmosphere on board and I felt secured by the crew.
  London to Chennai via Doha. Outward leg 8am departure from Heathrow, aisle seat and reasonably comfortable only to find there were only 29 people in economy. Freedom to choose seats after takeoff as long as we were in the back of the plane. Cabin crew were excellent. Doha to Chennai-plane was fairly full but again an aisle seat by choice. Aircraft was an A330 not as nice as the 777. Evening meal was served quickly, food was average and arrived in Chennai on schedule at 2 am. Return legs a 4am departure from Mumbai, get there early as Mumbai is chaos - on 777-fairly full flight but crew were pleasant enough. Breakfast served which was quite good. Landed in Doha late which meant connecting to the Heathrow flight was a rush. We landed at gate 20 and the plane for UK departed from Gate 1 so it was a mad rush but the ground staff saw me and informed the gate staff that I was late. On board flight fairly full, somebody was in my seat and refused to move but the senior cabin crew guy took me off to near the front of the plane and found me a better seat -still in economy but aisle/window choice - good and alert response to the situation. Flight timing meant a second breakfast--strangely not near the quality of the first one. Qatar Airways is good to fly with.
 Kuala Lumpur to Munich via Doha. Red eye flight from Kuala Lumpur to Doha. Great lounge at KLIA with ala carte restaurant. Flight was good as always on Qatar. What sets Qatar apart from other carriers is its consistency. The negative aspect of the trip, was again the nightmare of the lounge at Doha airport. It was the busiest time of the day at 6 am, and there was no seat, there were 21 people waiting for a shower which I was told would take 2h to clear. That lounge at peak hours, and the fact that there was no airbridge for arrival and departure with extra time spent to be driven to the plane in a remote position, were the only weakness I see in Qatar but they happen every time I fly. The flight from Doha to Munich was in their gorgeous Qsuite with impeccable service.
  Doha to Amman. I need to add few words about Qatar Airways Privilege Club program and support. This has become an inefficient. Delays in adding points on partners airlines in addition to huge delay when it comes to support. I have three pending Service Requests with the Privilege Club that are delayed for weeks without proper support. This issue reduces my satisfaction to 8 instead of 10. They need to work on this and improve the support.
 London to Colombo via Doha. Qatar Airways flies from London Heathrow Terminal 4. Check in was fast and efficient, we were offered last minute upgrades to business class for £590.00 for both of us on the DOH-CMB leg- we would have been happy to pay for it if it meant we get the extra tier points and miles (Me and my partner are both OW Sapphires but the check in agent said we won't get any of the extra benefits except for the flat beds). We politely asked for our bags to be tagged as fragile and she happily obliged and added a 'First Class' tag instead of 'Business' due to us being OW Sapphires. Requested for front row bulkhead seats and this was done with no hesitation. Overall, check in experience with Qatar Airways at LHR T4 was swift and efficient. As oneworld Sapphires, we get business class lounge and we were able to use the Skyteam Lounge which in all honesty is nothing to write about so we hang in there for an extra hour before the Malaysia Airlines Golden Lounge opened. We weren't allowed to use the Qatar Airways Premium Lounge as we were non business class revenue passengers. Boarding, again very timely and efficient. After boarding, we noticed that the carpet on our seats were very wet- we weren't sure if it was vomit, juice or whatever. We spoke to the Inflight Service Manager explaining we weren't happy with the situation and she did her best to find us alternative seats and went the extra mile by finding us exit rows. My partner was not happy sitting in the middle and preferred a window seat and asked if we could go back to our original seats or get upgraded to business class which to our surpise, there was one and was happy to give it to one of us but we both decided we wanted to sit together. After take off, the Inflight Services Manager came to our row with 6 blankets to put on the wet carpet and sprayed it with a fabric freshener and gave us 2 glasses of champagne each for the inconvenience! The flight leaving late in the evening, the cabin crew swung into action to serve dinner and drinks to maximise passenger rest times. Despite what others have said on here regarding QR's inflight meal, they are honestly nothing to write about but disappointing. Small portion, dry and bland. But having eaten in the lounges, it didn't matter to us. Cabin crew were fairly stingy with drinks as well, only giving one 150 ml can unless you ask for two. Unlike other airlines such as Qantas, Cathay Pacific and American Airlines, you get a 200 mls or 330 mls sized can opended for you and get given another can! The second meal service before landing in Doha was slightly better. The pancake was delicious. Qatar Airways' IFE selection was great, I watched one movie and the rest trying to get some rest and listening to the massive selection of music albums. IFE screen was responsive though showing its age. With the overall onboard service of Qatar Airways, I find that the onboard service to be inconsistent. Whilst the Inflight Services Manager went the extra mile to make sure our flight was a comfortable one and repeatedly apologised for the inconvenience due to the wet carpet, the younger and more juinor flight attendants were dismissive and inconsistent and the onboard meals and drink service is a bit of a hit and miss. Special small touches such as the amenity kit, comfy pillow and blanket made this flight comfortable.
  London to Doha. Thank you Qatar Airways for your wonderful, comfortable, luxurious and respected service. Thank you for being professional in selecting distinct cabin crew. 
  Melbourne to Rome via Doha on Qatar Airways. Best A380. The food taste very good. I had 2 meals because I love the food so much. Nice and clean, it looked like a new A380-800. I definitely go back again. Keep up good work.
  Cancelled flight to Cardiff by Qatar was not compensated for and led to an additional 8 hour trip with extra costs. It was a great looking flight initially but the reality is I’m flying via Heathrow and will be further out of pocket and face 36 hours of travel. No upgrade offered, nothing except Doha accommodation. Last year we had 24 hours in Doha as a result of poor connection time frames and this year we ran to the connecting flight. Qatar Airways let us down with their schedule changes and optimistic connection time allocation. No matter how good the flight , customers don’t want extra travel time and costs, time in Doha or cancelled schedules and if those things do happen it is very much appreciated when airlines understand that.
  Istanbul to Denpasar via Doha. All flights very comfortable with nice and friendly cabin crew, personalized interaction, pyjamas provided from Doha to Bali and return, nice amenity kits, flat-bed seats. Lounge in Istanbul with poor seating. Got the "R" type ticket which is their promo business fare, good value for money. Meal was ok, with Arabic touch and they had two kind of sweet wine which I liked much. Lounge in Doha with large rest areas and with large selection of dinner and breakfast buffet. Wifi was free for 30 minutes but only few Mb and for a fee of 5-20 USD for up to 100 Mb.
  Kigali to Ho Chi Minh City via Doha – both flights on time – I sat in seat 2K on both flights (B787-8). Lounge access smoothly provided in KGL and DOH and they were both excellent. All Boarding Passes issued at Check-In in Kigali. Online check in possible but constitute a nuisance as the BP issued are not respected/valid in KGL. Flights from Central Africa are derouted from KGL to DOH which cost some 2-3 hours additional flight time due to flight ban over UAE. Pre-departure drinks offered on both flights. Inflight entertainment was not working properly so had to change seat (1st flight). FA and service onboard good, but food is poorer than before. E.g. no beef or fish are available. Lamb chops appeared to be some tough meat. Drinks are fine but sparsely loaded (they ran out of 2 beer brands and remained with Heineken only). No ice-cream. Doha-Saigon leg was a perfect flight, the FAs were fantastic, very proactive and truly caring. Food was much better on this leg as compared to the previous. Got a delicate cod as main dish. Morning breakfast was surprisingly good as well – fish congee served with fresh chilli and soya sauce and fish sauce was available. Received pyjamas and amenity kits. Got loads of frequent flier miles which were updated on my Privilege Club account immediately after landing.
  I booked a return flight with Qatar Airways from Sydney for a family trip to France. We had a good experience on the way to Paris and at Doha airport, flying with our young children. Our return flight was a morning flight at 8:55am from CDG airport. We had checked in online the night before. Due to a series of issues at CDG airport we arrived at the check-in counter at 8:10am, late for check-in, which closes 60 minutes before the flight. I immediately attended the Qatar Airways desk, where I explained the situation to an employee. The only response I obtained was “you cannot get on the flight, we will put you on the next flight”. There was no attempt on behalf of the employee to problem-solve or to offer us solutions to get on our flight. At my insistence, she contacted the gate staff and again stated we would not be able to board the flight. At no stage did the employee suggest that part of our travelling party could board the flight with hand luggage only as we had already checked in online. This would have been a helpful suggestion allowing us time to reorganise our luggage and take essential items. However, the employee did not have a friendly or helpful approach, seeming to just want to put us on the next flight which was 14 hours later and would cost 2200 euros in fees. This was not an option for our family. I asked if my wife and the children could board with hand luggage only. The employee replied that it was too late. I insisted that she call the gate to see if this was a possibility. She called the gate and then told us again that it was too late, that the gate closes 20 minutes prior to departure and it was now 8:30, 25 minutes prior to departure. The employee stated that it would not be possible for us to reach the gate in five minutes- again no help was offered and her attitude was bad. At this point, we discounted her advice and ran to the gate as fast as possible with our two young children. This was a difficult experience for them and they were crying. If the employee had informed us of this option even 10 minutes earlier, we would not have had to rush as much as we did. Luckily the CDG airport staff were very helpful and my wife and children were able to get on the flight with our hand luggage. I returned to the Qatar Airways desk to re-book another flight in the evening.  When I checked-in in the evening, I had to deal with poor customer service again.  I have contacted Qatar Airways customer service on several occasions in the past month but their responses have basically been ‘we are very sorry about this’ but they refuse to offer any compensation or explanation. I will not fly with Qatar Airways again, which is a shame because their inflight services were pretty good but the staff at Paris CDG airport were nasty.
  Munich to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. Efficient checkin at Munich airport, below average BA lounge. Flight to Doha using the new Qsuite, which was fabulous. Spacious, well laid out and very private. Food drinks and service top notch. 2nd leg on the 789 not that pleasant. The usual problems on the 789, noisy and very dry air. Service and food good as always on Qatar Airways. Had to ask for a fast track immigration card for KL airport, staff was a bit reluctant giving it to me, and I was the only one who had one. KL immigration can take an hour at that time of the day, so I do not understand why they are so stingy with the cards.
  Booked my Morocco trip months before my vacation but a week before that I received an email with a revised flight schedule for the return flight. I had to make an international call to Qatar’s customer service in Doha as their local office has limited service hours. Found out that 1 of the connecting flights from Casablanca to Hong Kong got cancelled. Qatar refused to compensate for the loss. I had no choice but to cut short my vacation. On the return from Casablanca to Hong Kong, it happened to hit the worst typhoon in Hong Kong, so I ended up stuck in Doha airport for 17 hours while they keep delaying the flight time. There was no support at the airport, just told the passengers to wait for a while longer and asked people to go from one service counter to another for information. When they finally decided to delay the flight for another 8 hours, it was another 1.5 hour wait for them to arrange hotel accommodation. I spent 8 hours waiting at Doha airport from 5am until 1pm. They explained there were over 300 passengers waiting and that’s why it’s taken longer to arrange hotel. But that could be avoided if they announced cancellation of the flight earlier. 
  Najaf to Montreal via Doha. The staff at Najaf airport were rude, I had a carry on and a backpack but the staff wanted me to have the carry on only (not the backpack) - I had to buy a new bag and put my two bags in one bag.  I thought it’s the Qatar Airways policy but then I saw people in Doha carrying two and more pieces as carry on. The staff at Najaf airport was really rude and has no customer services skills
 I was very fortunate to have flown Qatar airways flight QR832 Doha to Bangkok on the 20th September 2018. After such a long day flying from Santorini to Athens, then Athens to Doha, I have boarded this QR832 to Bangkok and I received a very warm welcome from the flight attendant in upper deck section where I had my seat (30A). After she learned that I have had a few connections beforehand and I was very tired, she has done everything in her power to make my flight the most comfortable. This was my most comfortable experience flying in economy class ever. Unlike most other economy class experiences that I felt like it's never ending. I'd love to fly business class with Qatar in the future and enjoy this fantastic service.
  Helsinki to Hong Kong via Doha. My experience 4/5 stars. The first flight everything went well, on time, polite staff, no problems. Second (DOH-HKG) on Sep 23, very good meals, good flight entertainment, on time, big remark on the Spanish attendants, very helpful and polite, specially a girl who treated us like VIP customers. I dont give a 5 star for the following reason, my luggage arrived broken! Went to the office in HK and they forced me to take 500HKD (54EUROS) for my bag, otherwise I needed to wait 2 weeks to get the money back in France. I think this is bad customer services, some airlines give you a new luggage right away. Here in Hong Kong everything is very expensive, with that amount we could not pay a new bag. In general is a good airline, they just need to take better care of their customer service on land..
 It was my second trip with Qatar Airways and it was better than my first experience, it seems that they have taken some of my advice and made the journey more enjoyable. The flights were punctual, the FAs were nice and friendly, the IFE was using a very responsive touchscreen device (it was a joy to use) and had lots of options of movies to choose from. The toilet in the flight from Doha-Paris was actually one of the nicest toilets in any airplane I have ever flown with. The meals were delicious. I really have nothing to complain about, it was the almost perfect flying experience.
  Stockholm to Hi Chi Minh City via Doha. Privilege Gold membership not giving anything apart from lounge access, onboard staff not done anything special for me apart of that on last leg my preference meal was already given away so they give me food from business class. Previously you been able to get free upgrades at gate if you're gold member but not anymore. Qmiles redemption worth half of the value then was before May 2018. 
  The ticket agent in Miami was unprofessional, not helpful and with a bad attitude. I missed my connecting flight and the airport crew were not helpful and really leave you stranded, they could care less; Except for a few people that tried their best to make the situation better, but at the end of the day, they are employees following by the book policies.  On the flight back to Miami, met with not very helpful customer service. The seats are better than most, but beyond that nothing really that would make them stand out.  I do not recommend Qatar airways unless you pay for business class since it seems that is what they pour their best services and resources to. 
  Canberra to London via Sydney / Doha. This was the first time my wife and I had flown with Qatar Airways and my first international flight from Canberra. The B777 from Canberra are now the “Suites” version - as impressive as many reviewers have already reported and the onboard service - personal attention, food, beverage (see further comment below), in flight entertainment, ambience and comfort - as many have already stated is unmatched. My main purpose with this review is to provide guidance to passengers from CBR with the procedures unique to Canberra airport. Check-in opens three hours prior to departure and guidance indicates it closes one hour prior to departure, this is conducted by QANTAS staff at the far left QF check-in desks with the usual friendly, helpful assistance. The first of two security checks is conducted as if you were a regular domestic passenger. Qatar uses the QANTAS Business Class lounge for BC passengers, QANTAS Club members travelling in economy will not get access as they do not have a QF flight number. Approximately one hour prior to departure BC passengers are invited to access the international area of the airport - the length of the terminal and in Virgin territory. Having gone up another level there is the Border Force passport check (electronic for those with suitable passports) followed by the second full regime security check. The international departure gate now has limited duty free sales and coffee shop, snacks, bar facilities. In our case boarding was delayed by about 25 minutes meaning a longer than expected wait. Boarding was by class through separate desks. Onboard an allocated flight attendant explained the features of the Suite for first timers and offered a pre departure drink (only water and juices were mentioned but champagne is available if requested). After the short 30 minute hop to Sydney all passengers are required to disembark with all their carry-on. There are no further formalities at SYD, disembarkation being directly into the departures concourse; there is ample time to get to the QANTAS BC lounge ard have lunch if so desired. The 15 hour flight post SYD had only one low point from Qatar’s otherwise outstanding point of view, despite the glossy wine and beverage menu (two champagnes, three whites, three reds with a “stickey” and a port plus beers, spirits and soft drinks) within four hours, and still over Australia, the whites had been exhausted. Nevertheless Qatar will feature high on our radar whilst current standards are maintained - or built on.
  Edinburgh to Doha. The flight was really excellent. A very special thanks to the cabin crew member who was In charge of me in flight seat 7F, he delivered outstanding first class service, he was extremely professional and ahead of all needs to passengers, had a smile even after 7 hours into the flight. I’ve been flying QA for almost 10 years, although it was always a great service, but my last flight exceeded all expectations especially from the cabin crew member.
  Cardiff to Doha via Bangkok. The opportunity of flying from my local airport to Bangkok via Doha on Qatar Airways was too good to miss. Despite officious behaviour of some Cardiff Airport staff who did their best to upset my autistic son. We opted for economy out and business back and overall were delighted, the value for money offered by economy was excellent and must put some business class offerings to shame. The business class on return was superb, the cabin staff were excellent and keen to chat with my self and my son who appreciated being treated like an adult and being allowed to choose what he wanted from the menu. The flight was full both ways so I hope this service continues despite the rough and ready ground service at Cardiff which was the exception to that we encountered elsewhere on our journey.
  Delhi to Doha. The airline is amazing as I have been flying with Qatar airways ever since. Service was excellent, but only the exception on this trip I was disappointed that the cabin crew have chit chat with one guy for good 5-10 minutes while doing the meal service, and was not bothered that there are some passengers waiting. Given that I was seated on the last row, maybe the lady crew was thinking that it is fine to have some nice chit chat while keeping other passengers, which makes me a bit irritated. I decided to go back to sleep since i am not so sure if the lady is planning to give me my meal or not, after few minutes she tap my shoulder and asked what would I prefer for breakfast, i mentioned non-veg meal, but since she is not listening and gave me a non-veg meal.I was about to tell her but as soon as I receive my meal, the lady continued with the chitchat. I decided to just have the bread and tea. I would recommend to brief the crew to maintain to their professional image, chit chat is nice but it should not bother or affect other passengers.
  London to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. LHR to Doha was great in A380, seat was comfortable, IFE was super but what stands out was the service by the crew.  Food was alright, nothing special, but I did end up feeling rather hungry in transit. Doha-KUL was awful on A340, crammed, people wanted to sit with other family members and disrupted the seating set up for others. In the end, I was made to move because a father and his son wanted to sit together.  Made to sit on aisle seat at 4 in a row. After take off, a flight attendant came to deliver and by hand luggage from where I had sat and stowed it. Nice gesture but a little bit indifferent at my displeasure at having to move from my booked seats. Uncomfortable seat, IFE temperamental. Food was okay. I would order special diet/meal next time.
  I flew from Tokyo to Casablanca via Doha and back during June and August this year. I was very impressed by the on board facilities overall. My special request for the food was approved and it was good. The flight attendants were fairly attentive and the arrival was on time almost all times. The problem was off-air when they changed the schedule 4 days before the travel, because they cancelled one flight from Casablanca to Doha in the afternoon. I had to stay in airport in Casablanca for 10 hours and no  courtesies were offered for the trouble although I am a privilege club member. Overall, a great experience onboard and terrible experience off-board.
  Denpasar to Doha. Offered an upgrade to Business class, but mentioned in the fine print that this is not luggage allowance and comfort equal to a business class ticket. Bieten ein Update auf Business clas an leider wird im Kleingedruckten erwähnt dass nur der Sitz nicht aber Gepäck und Confort gleich einen Business class Ticket entspricht.
  Sydney to Cardiff via Doha. Speedy boarding, left on time, food good, entertainment easy to use and extensive, seat bit more comfortable than usual economy seats. I particularly want to mention the air steward who was just fantastic. So courteous and helpful, he gave exceptional service. Got an upgrade from Doha to Cardiff. Thank you Qatar!
  Doha to Muscat return. I would like to express my the best travel experience which I had two days before.  Wonderful experience. The flight quite amazing, Seat space and all experience are amazing. Thanks, Qatar Airways for providing the best travel experience.
 Flew Doha to Goa. Great airline, with a great service. Truly amazed by the attention to detail. Cabin crew members excellent as always, and inflight entertainment - Oryx One was good, but could have been better. Overall, a great experience. Looking forward to flying again with Qatar Airways.
  Milan to Cape Town via Doha. You have to be "picky" to fault anything on Qatar Airways : cabin crew is professional, attentive, they cannot do enough for you, food is good, aircraft are clean, everything seems to be working almost perfectly. Perhaps more free WI-FI on board would be a bonus.
  Perth to Munich via Doha. The best flight I have ever flown. The flight from Doha to Perth (A380) was simply fabulous in many if not all ways. The flight was new, beautiful, with very comfy seats, lovely food and amazing entertainment system. The crew members were really caring passengers and professional. They were present throughout the flight. The best of the best!
 Flew Denpasar to Doha . So far my choice of airline still is with Qatar Airways even though on this route they have a little older airplanes. Excellent service onboard, good food and a splendid wine list. Friendly crew who really give superb service with a smile. Still annoyed about no free Wi-Fi when you pay for business class.
 Flew Mahé, Seychelles to Doha. As always Qatar Airways gives you a great travel experience. Clean new airplane and a very great crew. Selection of wine is splendid and food served when you like to eat gives you to time to work, have a nap or what watch a movie. Just a great experience. Only downside is that even in business class you have to pay extra for Wi-Fi.
 As always a pleasure to fly Qatar Airways from Doha to Stockholm. Clean new planes and a great friendly crew. Service on top with good food and drinks. What you need after a few hours at the airport. Downside no free Wi-Fi not even in business class.
  Hyderabad to Atlanta via Doha. Qatar Airways is by far the best business class product I have seen. It beats emirates and etihad hands down. The food is outstanding, cabin comfort is great,  and all food is on demand. The lounge though very crowded at times in morning serves much better food than emirates. Biggest down side compared to emirates is no chauffeur drive. The lounge they use in Atlanta is club atl which is ludicrous. It would be an insult to call it a lounge. 
  First class service on both legs of the journey. From Doha to London  I was fortunate to fly A350-1000. The Q-suite was amazing! The seat was comfortable to say the least, the blanket the best on any airline I’ve flowing and I’ve flown quite a few! Privacy could be obtained by closing the door, like the first class suite in Emirates first class. The service was excellent, with extremely attentive and courteous crew. Meal was good, with the option to dine at any time. Loved the entertainment on board- the selection is huge. Everything was slick and span! The coveted complimentary toiletry bag was a purple colour this time! All in all, a most wonderful flight! I would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks to the crew for a wonderful flight. Looking forward to the next one !
  I would like to say Thank you to Qatar Airways for taking care of me and hubby during long flight from Kuala Lumpur to Paris return via Doha. It was a long journey but your staff took care of us very well. We do recommend others to please try Qatar Airways. Qatar Airways staff are really  good and take care of us. They all very well deserved for appreciation. Ground Crew also very good. My fragile stuff I checked in and never broken. The ground crew was full of confidence, that their crew take care the luggage very well and got security camera every where. Food was okay. Flight was clean. Entertainment was up to date, got all new movies, TV shows and nice motivational talks. Overall I'll give 9 mark out of 10. 1 mark I cut because of food. Need to improve a bit. Thankyou once again.
  Oslo to Melbourne via Doha. Excellent business class airline. I do a lot of business travel and have to say that some, like Qatar, are fantastic and others are not so good. The seat is big and comfortable. The service is attentive and strong. The meals were great as was the service concept - order what you want, when you want. Flights left on time, entertainment options were great - really only had positive feedback on all aspects. Had long sleeps on all flights. The business lounge in Doha airport is the best business lounge I've seen anywhere in the world, which is an added bonus. They are my airline of choice moving forward and have great reach into more minor cities in Europe than other carriers.
  Manila to Manchester via Doha. On the 17th  August, Our 2330 pm flight QR929 was canceled. This was because an accident happened a day before when Xiamen Air MF8667 skidded off the runway in a rainy thunderstorm, which led the main runway to be closed. At around 2030 pm, I went to the Main office in the terminal if our flight was canceled or not, and it was. I asked for priority accommodation because I was traveling with my immobile mother who needs rest and my son. They did not refuse as my mother is a priority passenger, and they said that they will give us accommodation also because we checked out of our condominium in Quezon City, and we had no where else to stay. The polite and very nice staff at Qatar Airways is to give us contact numbers for the new flight the next day when the runway will open, then we got on a bus to a five-star hotel that we were amazed by, which the airline paid for, not us! The next day, we get a text from the coordinator that there will be a flight at 1730 pm QR2929, we quickly packed our things and checked out. We finally got to the airport (Terminal 1) and it was shambolic, stranded passengers, crowded, with no coordination, but it was not Qatar Airways' fault, it was the airports' disappointment of not organizing this problem fluently. It took us a while for us to check-in, too crowded, especially with my disabled mom, we got through immigration, security, we finally then got to gates, In an airport, they did not have enough working boards, all of them were not working at all and we couldn't understand where to go at all, except on our ticket, our flight was supposed to depart 1730pm but we departed around 2215pm but I understand, there were too many passengers to handle though. we boarded via stairs and I complained that we did not use a lifter for catering, but that wasn't the airlines' fault though. we got into the cabin my son seated in a different row, while a sat with my mother, the seats were comfortable, the IFE was good, and the food wasn't the best but appetizing, and the staff was very helpful. We landed in Doha, and we missed our 0155 am the QR27 flight to Manchester, they gave us another flight to catch at 0810 am with no fee at all and the expectations were the same as the previous flight.
  Paris to Doha. We had a ONE WORLD logo aircraft equipped with the new QSUiTE, I had a technical problem with my seat once I put it the sleeping position it would not work again no matter what they tried it just lost all power, but other than that everything else with the flight was spotless. The IFE was superb especially in the movie selection, food was good and service was 5 star as always with Qatar Airways though the prices were very steep.
  Perth to Warsaw via Doha. PER-DOH flight was not as review's suggested. Cabin crew, though nice, were running around like during a fire drill, giving a very bad impression. DOH-WAW flight on the other hand was much more pleasant than expected. Flight crew was absolutely fantastic and very helpful. Inflight entertainment was great and had plenty of moves to choose from however, not many new releases. All in all very, very good value for money!
  Doha to Milan after a six hours layover at Doha Hamad Airport. I was a bit tired but not that bad, I was flying coach and I assigned myself a good window place, with just one other seat next to me as the layout was 2-4-2. I was wrong as I had under my feet the IFE box or something similar which made it so narrow. This should not be in any type of seat, but it was ok I found my space in a way to stretch my legs. My IFE was not working, just on arabic, which I don´t speak and I asked for someone to help me out from the staff but after two times being ignored, I gave up and decided to something else, also If watching a film would have been a good idea. The food was ok as well the cleanliness of the aircraft was good.
  Bangkok to Doha. The flight was a really early one, boarding starting at 4.30am in the morning so passengers was really tired. As usual every aircraft from Qatar airways is perfectly clean and you now that you can expect a perfect ambiance, even in coach. I slept half of the flight and the attends actually offered me breakfast but they removed it as I slept on it, really polite.  The whole flight was really good as usual. Love Qatar Airways product.
  Melbourne to Madrid via Doha. Between Melbourne and Doha I had an unfortunate accident spilling hot coffee on my lap. I was not hurt in any way but the cabin staff were kind and attentive, even checking up on me several times and offering remedies and suggestions! I would especially like to mention Erika and Zico who did everything to make me feel comfortable. I have travelled this route several times and have always had excellent service.
  Travelling from Jakarta to Paris via Doha, but in this case the Flight from Jakarta to Doha using a relatively new Boeing 787. This is my first flight with 787, cabin has fancy lighting spacious cabin luggage. The only problem is the touchscreen on the inflight that cannot navigate properly. I brought my own headset i can barely decrease volume so it is so loud by default. Let alone browsing movies. Everything else was fine, Food was fine, crew were helpful with the bags.
  Bombay to Dallas via Doha. I traveled with Qatar many times and have no complaints about the flight and inflight service. I traveled last on 31st July and seriously those people at Mumbai check in counters were very impolite and were kind of rude with me and wife. At one point they asked me to reduce my carry on bags from 2 to 1 irrespective of it meeting the weight criteria when I asked why they replied you will be questioned in Doha that why are you carrying 2 carry-ons? Check-in counters are the first customer facing point, don't ruin that part. 
  Melbourne to Rome via Doha. I would like to praise the excellent customer service I received from an agent at the desk at Melbourne Airport. He went out of his way to assist me and after a long stressful day, and  his professionalism courtesy and passion for his position was reflected in his treatment of me.
  Ankara to Melbourne via Doha. I booked Melbourne to Ankara via Doha in July 18, but the flight was cancelled due to engineering fault. Reticketed next day for tight connections flights via Singapore. I had booked a premium lounge pass for Doha and as I was unable to use the pass with cancellation and rerouting I tried and was denied entry by lounge staff on my inbound flight. I was told to pay for admission and to put in a request for refund online for unused pass. My request for refund for the unused lounge pass was denied and I was offered a restricted voucher instead.  This is a pity as for the most part their flight staff is above average
  Singapore to Paris via Doha. Our was scheduled to depart at 21.20, however the flight was delayed, meaning we missed our connection flight in Doha to Paris. We did not receive any communication about this before arriving at the airport in Singapore.  The lady at the counter in Singapore kindly transferred us to the earliest flight departing from Doha, with scheduled departure at 7.35. We were told, once arrived in Doha, that the customer service will take care of us upon landing, granting us lounge access and compensation which did not happen.  Nobody was there at the arrival. We talked to a chain of people and found our self begging for information. At the service desk, we were given a voucher to be used for dinner and breakfast. The value was 65 QAR, we bought a pastry, an orange juice and a coffee. No place to sleep or freshen up was given. The inflight experience was okay. There was a good amount of entertainment choice. Food tasted and I personally did not like food being served almost halfway through the flight but that's just a personal preference.
  Nagpur to Atlanta via Doha. This is much better than other airlines internationally. The staff is very helpful and polite. I feel very safe when traveling in Qatar airways. All the non-vegetarian meals which are served are halal and taste good. The seats are comfortable and that’s what we need when we travel long distances.
  Bucharest to Denpasar via Doha. Very good! We changed 2 flights, very good staff and great food and better services than others. The menu is balanced. Very clean toilets and cabin.
  Vienna to Bangkok via Doha. I had great expectations from their service and quality of product they would offer. And in the overall situation they did a good job, but there were some little details which were not acceptable. Vienna Check in I was served by staff that did not care about me and she was doing the procedures during my check-in while talking with her colleagues next to her. I asked if she was aware that I had a short time in Doha, and after the second time she put me on the backpack the "fast track" stripe.  I was flying their new Boeing 787, which is really an incredible product, everything is new and really clean. I was really impressed from the seats, they were really comfortable, and I had plenty of legroom. The service of the first breakfast was excellent, they provided everything quickly and good, but the in flight snack was kinda strange, I asked what were the options, and it was a meat, chicken curry or vegetable sandwich. I wanted to try the second one, but I asked which kind of vegetables were inside, and the answer was to try it and you will discover it. I enjoyed the ife product on board a lot, with the personalized remote control in each seat. Also the toilet, had a nice touch such as the hand lotion and the parfume, like 15 years ago or in some business class products, it was a kind of old school touch that I liked a lot!
  Boston to Trivandrum via Doha. The service at the airport and the ground crew and all were excellent. However the flight attendant we got was horrible, she didn’t really do anything we expect from the airline. Food was poorly given, our daughter didn’t get a toy usually given in the beginning.While this one was useless, I was able to get the attention of another attendant who was really nice and helpful. And on our flight back the service was amazing. Hopefully next time we will get better service both ways


 Doha to Milan. A red eye flight fully booked , the aircraft was a bit old with the Qatar Airways old configuration in Business Class but the service was still superb they offered a light dinner and full breakfast, I enjoyed the dinner but skipped the breakfast, too many calories, though the same problem is faced on all Qatar Airways flights, movies are always up to date but TV shows are old . This is the high season for Qatar Airways and their tickets are on the pricey side. As an older aircraft there was no WiFi offered.
  When I made the online booking the flight was pretty empty so I booked a window and aisle seat for my partner and, with an empty seat in the middle. When We checked in at BKK, we were told that they had put someone in the middle seat. I asked why, was the flight full? They said it wasn’t full but we’re filling the cabin for ‘safety reasons’. We asked if there was anywhere else on the plane where we could have an empty seat between us. They said no. When we got on the plane it was less than half full and there were empty rows everywhere! So why did we have to go through that at checkin. The flight was delayed for 2 hours for a technical reason. I found the food inedible. Lots of completion so won’t fly them again.
 Was looking forward to the privacy and comfort of my flight from Bangkok to Doha on the A380. But what a disappointment upon checking in at BKK airport. Qatar has three flights to Doha in the evening. One flight was cancelled, one delayed by 3 hours and my flight downsized from A380 to 777. Needless to say that my pre-booked seat was gone and I had to endure with a leftover seat for the next 7 hours. Flight was 100% full due to the other cancelled flight. 777 not nearly as comfortable as the A380 in terms of space, comfort, noise and dryness of the air. Service was average and rushed. Lounge at Doha airport very crowded as always during peak hours. I left after a while because lines even for the toilets were building up. They should really consider getting another lounge. Flight from Doha to Helsinki was much better on the smaller and reasonably comfortable B788. Overall, one flight below average, and the other good.
  Munich to Tokyo via Doha. This is the first time I write a review on an airline, but I have to. I have been flying a fair bit over the years and I haven't had a service like that before. Qatar Airways staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They are helpful with the food, explaining well what they have on offer. They are happy to prepare you a drink that cannot just be poured out of a bottle, like my gin and tonic yesterday.  They keep coming with water and juice throughout the flight every 30 minutes or so. I have never seen this on a long flight before. They are still friendly and heap it up for you.  Even more surprising is the state of the toilets. I'd almost feel sorry for the crew if I hadn't paid a fair amount of money for my flight. They are still clean one or two hours before landing. Thank you for this great experience.
  I flown Qatar Airways from Kuwait To Munich Via Doha’s incredible Hamad International Airport / the 1 hour flight from Kuwait To Doha was operated on the Refurbished B777-200LR. I was sitting back in the 3-4-3 Economy, it was comfortable. The onboard Service was excellent, Crew were very friendly, it was a smooth flight. Then had a 2 hour layover in my favorite airport Hamad International, then boarded my flight to Munich on the A350-900. When I boarded the A350 I was amazed how spacious it was, both the 777 & A350 were Comfortable, but the A350 was more comfortable. The new Oryx Inflight entertainment is amazing and is very easy to use, Cabin Crew were very friendly on the second flight too, meal was excellent, there were 2 meals served on this 5 hour 40 minutes flight - first meal was a snack sandwich which tasted good, second meal was a main course breakfast, was delicious! They Were offering juices and water every 30 minutes with a nice smile, I’d like to Thank them! The seat legroom was generous, Amenity Kit was handed during boarding in Economy Class. Beautiful Mood Lightning System. I used to fly Emirates, but Emirates no more. Qatar Airways was much better.
  Melbourne to Doha. The A380 seats are awful and small (31-32 ins seat pitch), I am a small person and could not even reach for my bag that was located under the seat. The service was poor, I had hardly any water offered on 15-hour flight. I found the vegetarian food disgusting, I actually returned it. The films selection is fairly good but te screen doesn't totally switches off so you end up with bright light in your face. 
  Doha to Amsterdam. Check in was efficient, nothing special. Staff on board were friendly and helpful couldn't ask for more, however the seat was very hard and uncomfortable. I was in the middle of a 3 seat combination, my husband on one side and a larger (wide) man on the other who decided that sitting for the whole flight with his legs wide open and his body taking a 1/3 of my seat made the flight very awkward. This is too close for comfort. When the food was served it was hard to make out what the food was - there was a croissant with one of meals, it was so shriveled up. Scrambled eggs with some dreadful sauce on it, other food offerings I found to be poor. My husband is 6'3" so when fellow passenger in front reclined his seat the space became impossible.  Just improve on the quality of the food and give us a bit more space, it would make a world of difference.
  Philadelphia to Doha via Jakarta. First time flying overseas and I loved my flight with Qatar Airways. Professional and courteous staff for 12-13 hour and 8-9 hour connecting flight. Should I make it overseas again I’ll fly Qatar! 
  Brisbane to Moscow via Adelaide / Doha, and Qatar Airways is definitely one of the best airlines around. Its lounges are simply the best (especially with Krug Champagne) and the product is great for all classes. Ground staff is not often on par with flight attendants but I understand the standards are different. My last flights onboard of A350 from Adelaide to Doha and A380 from Doha to Melbourne were absolutely fantastic. A321 flight with 100% occupancy are a little bit cramped, but for me Qatar Airways is one of the best airlines in the world, on par with Singapore Airlines
  Travelled in Qatar First class (Doha to Perth). I am a gold member in Emirates but has decided to change carrier and tried Qatar Airways. I was not disappointed. In flight service in first is excellent. Crew were extremely friendly and clearly wanted to give a five star experience to their customers. Doha first class lounge is the best I have been. No doubt they have won a lot of awards. You need to travel with them to appreciate their superb service. A380 first class lacks as much privacy as in emirates but the seat and service makes up for all that. There are only 8 seats and crew give total attention and makes the journey one of the most memorable.
 Adelaide to Doha. The seats are not designed for tall people. Standing at 196cm (6’5) I couldn’t lay down straight in the bed. And with your legs enclosed in the bed position, bending them a little was nearly impossible and extremely uncomfortable. I flew Qatar long haul 16 months prior in economy and for me seat wise Economy (exit row seat) is better for someone of my height. But besides the seat Qatar Airways once again showed why they’re one of the best airlines in the world!
  Tokyo to Athens via Doha. The staff, the food, the free hygiene pack and the entertainment is excellent. I love everything about this airline and will definitely fly with them again. Great job Qatar Airways till next time.
 Zurich to Clark via Doha. It was my first time on Qatar's A359 and I can't help but notice the improvements in its new economy class product. Seat pitch was superb, and much more spacious than its Dreamliner counterpart. The new Thales entertainment system was intuitive, but the selection pales in comparison with Emirates. The gray seats provided a contrast with the maroon seat covers. While the Dreamliner economy was OK, it pales in comparison with the A359's. My only gripe with this particular A359 was that the WCs seem clunky, especially for a new aircraft. One was out of order, while the order had a broken toilet seat. As usual, Qatar's inflight service is commendable. Attendants were very responsive, courteous, and pleasant. Drinks were frequently offered, which is a practice that I would like to see in other airlines. On the DOH-CRK leg, a flight attendant was concerned that my preferred dinner from the menu was unavailable (I was on one of the last rows served), and so she made sure that I get the first pick for breakfast. These little things leave a lasting impression. I've been on a lot of trips, including many with QR, and I can't remember a time where the FAs go this extra. And of course, flying with QR will likely take you on a layover at DOH - the best airport in the Middle East. Good things aside, the flight out of ZRH was delayed for more than half an hour, which means that my almost two-hour transit time at DOH would be cut short. It wasn't the airline's fault, but it was a good call on their part to dock at a remote gate at DOH and ferry the passengers via bus directly to the transit security check. Unfortunately my checked in luggage did not make the transfers.
  Perth to Paris via Doha. Absolutely amazing flights, both legs of the Perth to Paris trip were excellent. We were traveling with two kids and an infant, the cabin crew could not do enough for us. The seats were very comfortable and the food was amazing. Now, the most amazing part has been the in between service, a lady from the Australian office has been amazing with helping us plan the return leg. I have not had true hospitality like this aboard any other airline. Thoroughly impressed and cannot wait to fly again.
  We have never experienced such amazing service on any airline. The cabin service is outstanding - friendly and supremely efficient but never intrusive. Wonderful food beautifully served and every kind of drink you can think of! The airport in Doha is like a five-star hotel and the assisted passenger service puts Heathrow and Edinburgh to shame. We had a transfer time of just over an hour between our flights and our suitcases were waiting at the carousel when we arrived. A great improvement on last year's experience from Heathrow to Edinburgh when we had four hours between flights and British Airways only managed to deliver one of our suitcases 36 hours later! The Boeing 787 is a great aircraft but we preferred the cabin layout of the Boeing 777. We will definitely choose Qatar over any other airline in future. My husband needs a wheelchair so travel can be a bit stressful but I can honestly say, this was the best flight we have ever experienced and we have been flying between South Africa and the UK for 50 years!! Thank you!
  Melbourne to Madrid via Doha. First time on Qatar Airways and they were good. I usually fly Singapore Airlines but my travel partner was a One World flyer so we tried Qatar. Seating on the A380 is very comfy with loads of legroom and what felt like a slightly wider seat than on Singapore Airlines. Crew were lovely on both flights though bar/food service was a bit slow and we had quite a wait. No drinks cart to start with like Singapore Airlines and the food wasn't all that wonderful but compensated for by the spaciousness and the crew themselves. IFE was good though movie list not as extensive as I expected. Crew from DOH to MAD were particularly friendly, professional and they made the flight a real pleasure.
  Qatar Airways are a fantastic airline, but the Boeing 787 is awful and I would avoid this aircraft. The seats are very narrow with a 3-3-3 configuration and being in a centre seat it was a very tight squeeze for 5.5hrs (I'm not overly large, 175cm, 78kg). On sitting down it felt as if the seat had no padding and was extremly hard. The crew were lovely, the food was OK and we certainly didn't feel tired on arrival due to the 787 but what a squeeze. Such a small, hard seat- fortunately we had amazing flights on their A380 to/from Australia to compensate.
  Washington to Jakarta via Doha. Lavatory I used was dirty, the seat was small and car seat not fit on it. Kids food good, kids toy activity good and I got a lot of help from male flight attendant. I flew with 2 kids. I would not fly with them if it was not for the short layover. 
  Kuwait to Cape Town via Doha. I am stuck in an airport lounge in Nairobi. A seemingly routine flight from Kuwait to Cape Town has turned into this three day fiasco. On 8th June I booked in as per normal at Kuwait Int Airport. Proceeded to the departure gates and waited to board the plane. The flight at first was delayed, no announcement or information was given. Only when fellow travelers started to get annoyed about the situation did Qatar staff try to explain.  We were to sit and wait, .no explanation. After 2 hours of waiting we were told there are technical issues with the plane. Again told to just wait. Another hour passed and we were told to go the transfer desk, massive confusion at the transfer desk as the staff did not know what was going on. Again we were told to wait, then two options, we wait till they fix the aircraft or take the next flight the next morning. I was then booked on a flight to Nairobi and was told all has been taken care of and that I will be connected with the next flight from Nairobi to Cape Town. Only to arrive in Nairobi and nothing of such was done. The crew in Kuwait did not issue the ticket correctly which led to the crew in Nairobi not being able to issue me with the connecting ticket, making me miss the last flight out to Cape Town. Then I was told failing that they can put me on a flight from Nairobi to JNB and then to CPT. That was 4 hours ago, no one informs or keep one updated. Turns out I won't be on the flight to JNB. I will be booked into a hotel and put on the first flight out in the morning? I am disappointed with this airline. There was no attempt to rectify, or defuse the situation... I have to constantly have to ask what is happening etc. Who knows where my luggage is at this point of time.
  Houston to Bangkok via Doha, the two flights in Q Suites were the best business class I have ever experienced. Check in at IAH terminal D is not in an ideal location. First impression, chaos. There were plenty of staff greeting passengers and getting each customer to an agent, turning chaos into order. The agent  made eye contact and focused on getting me on my way.  Their lounge is shared with several carriers. Food included vegetarian options was not bad. The seating is just okay. The flight was delayed due to the aircraft arriving later. Announcements were audible and clear in the gate area. Boarding was special. US ICE agents lined the jetway asking questions and making us feel really special.  A flight attendant at the door showed me to my seat and offered a pre-departure drink. Crew appearance was sharp and professional. Sincere smiles lead me to believe they enjoy their jobs. Qatar offers dinning on demand in business class. I choose to eat right after departure to sleep on this 14 hour flight. My meal was special order vegetarian and was fresh and good, not great. I enjoyed a Grand Cru Pauillac. The Flight Attendant offered turn down service and he draped my seat with light bedding. In flat sleeping position the seat is wide and has generous width including space for my feet. I was able to sleep 9 hours in peace with the suite door closed. The space inside my suite was more than ample. Easy storage of all personal items. The IFE Screen is large and HD noise cancelling head phones are provided. I didn't find the selection up to the tech, but you can upload files to play using USB or near field connections. Service was friendly and prompt throughout the flight. The Flight Attendants could not have been better. Hamed Airport Doha is a very modern facility and the lounge and transit experience was easy and comfortable.
 Flew Washington to Doha. Check in was smooth, unfortunately Qatar Airways use Turkish Airlines Business Class lounge at Dulles which is very small and crowded, I could not sit in it. I had an aisle seat on this flight which was not as nice as the window seats on my outbound flight, Qsuites are the most comfortable seats in business class I have ever used and Qatar Airways have the best service I have experienced. Food was alright, not as good as the catering service out of Doha. WIFI worked on part of the flight but not all, it was just good enough to use WhatsApp. The IFE on QSuites is better than the one offered on the A350 and much more user friendly arrival in Doha was on time.
  Bali to New York via Doha. We missed our connection flight because the first flight was late. We missed the first day of our honeymoon and instead spent the night at a hotel in Qatar which took them over 2 hours to get us to.  On the return flight, we spent 45 minutes checking in and buying an upgrade. They made us reshuffle around clothes because one bag was slightly overweight.
  Auckland to Manchester via Doha. This was the first time that I had flown with Qatar Airways. A family crisis in the UK meant that I had to make a very short notice booking, and it was purely availability that resulted in using this airline. I was extremely impressed by all aspects of the experience. The staff were attentive, competent and very pleasant to engage with - absolutely wonderful. Nothing was too much trouble. The food was way above my expectations. The extremely long flight between Auckland and Doha was as comfortable as it could have been. Qatar Airways would certainly be my airline of choice in future. The return journey with Singapore Airlines (again booked at short notice and with very limited seat availability) was sadly well below the standards set during my outward trip.
  I started with a good smile and getting my ticket at the business class terminal.  I headed to lounge which was really nice and peaceful and had a good brunch before the flight. Boarding which was fast and the amazing Qsuite 3K which was really good - a nice seat, amazing tv, brilliant and innovative. A welcome drink was given but the last drink, before take off staff came and asked for my dinner, she said in 15 mins we serve you since you ordered online. The cabin crew takes 1 hr 15 mins to make my table afterwords, they serve  chickpeas that were cold - I told them I do not need dinner and remove the table cloth. On arriving a lady who is in charge comes to say sorry we could not serve you food, I hope you had a wonderful flight.
  Canberra to Doha via Sydney. They ran out of champagne, two of the three white wines also the red wines within two hours of taking off. I was told by the crew they only load bars in Doha.  The steak was dry and overcooked, soup and breakfast cold. I had to make my own bed which is a task because the linen has to be fitted, needless to say I failed (despite crew watching, no offer to help was made). I contacted the airline and they dismissed everything I had to say.
  Doha to Washington. Check in was friendly and a breeze, security was very tight and uncomfortable. With that out of the way, it was my first time using the new Qsuite and the product is unmatchable - they could have given some more leg room but this takes nothing away total privacy. Very wide seat small storage space I with they made storage for shoes, the food was of good quality and I had a good sleep. Cabin staff super friendly, IFE was up to date and arrival was on time. 
  Jakarta to Amsterdam via Doha. This was my first time flying with Qatar Airways and I was very much impressed. The flights on both legs were punctual. The aircraft were one of the newest from Airbus and Boeing; i really loved the interior design with the color of burgundy in accentuating the luxurious feel of the aircraft. The flight attendants were all very friendly and courteous with a genuine smile. The food was delicious with 3 choices of main course. The inflight entertainment system was also great. I have flown so many times before with different airlines and I have to say that this is the best airlines i have ever flown with. Having said that, it is not perfect. there are rooms for improvement in my opinion; the toilet could be cleaned more often, the content of the inflight entertainment system could be added more and be more consistent in all route (some route/aircraft type has better and more responsive screen than others), and i do hope some time in the future the fare could be cheaper because they are in the upper range of price.
  We were not given directions while waiting and boarding at Melbourne Airport. No signs to indicate where each of the allocated zones 1-4 are located. Zone signposting was available at Doha check-in however so that was much better. Hand-wash in toilet is very harsh on the hands and mine felt like sandpaper at the end of the trip. Signs on the video screen say keep yourself moisturized, but there was no moisturizer in the toilets to use. No water was handed out early in the trip and I saw no water handed out at night. No smile from staff when boarding and most staff I saw did not seem very happy or friendly., some were okay. When we arrived in Doha, they announced that Ramadan had just started so drinking and eating in public are prohibited, then gave another message that Ramadan started the next day. I asked the staff if eating an; drinking in the airport during Ramadan is prohibited, but they said we can eat and drink day time during Ramadan. The food was okay  but not great. 
  London to Doha. Overall the experience is great and their flight attendants are really nice although their WIFI service is slower than dial-up connection. However, if you expect to select a seat when booking your ticket with them and actually flying on that seat, forget it. They push you back on the cabin for whatever excuse. Why allow you to select a seat when booking the flight if you will never honour it at check-in? I fly with them to Doha for work every other month but I guess this May 2018 will be the last. Great aircraft and facilities and very good crew but atrocious check-in personnel at LHR (polite but useless) and the worst customer service team I have ever experienced. 
 I flew on upgraded business class on Qatar Airways from Shanghai to Stockholm via Doha (return). What a treat!! The entire experience was amazing. The service on board is impeccable. You couldn't really compare it to other airlines' business class. It is definitely better than BA first class experience. Since my class was an upgraded one, I didn't have access to the Al Mourjan lounge at DOH. But I got access to it since the other lounges were full on my first transfer. On my second transfer, I purchased access to Al Mourjan (450 QAR = 125 USD). It was worth every penny since my layover was more than 5 hours. My last leg Doha to Shanghai was in a Q-suite on a B777. Amazing. I loved it and I loved the service. I can't even imagine how Qatar Airways manages to maintain this level of service. It's really a treat for ones soul and body. Many people complain about the lost access to the Al Mourjan lounge on upgraded tickets. Of course its a shame not to spend the layover at that lounge but considering the quality of the food and drinks you get at that lounge, I think QR went back on me paying the 125 USD entrance fee.
  Denpasar to Paris via Doha. Overall a very good experience. First flight from Bali to Doha on the 777 was with their old business class offering. Seats are big and comfortable, however are angled flat beds and not completely flat. Travelling with my partner and a toddler the seat was wide enough for my son to sleep beside me which was a huge bonus. Food on this flight was excellent along with an excellent cabin service from the staff on board. I did not use the entertainment system and slept for most of the 10 hour flight so cannot comment on this. The second leg from Doha to Paris was again on a 777 but this time we had the QSuite. Having flown on many different carriers business offering this is by far the best I have seen. We took the 2 centre seats which when converted to flat created a double bed. Having this when travelling with a young child was a huge help. The suites offer maximum privacy and create a sense that you are flying alone. Seats are very comfortable, IFE excellent with large HD screen and lots of viewing options. Food again was very good with lots of options to choose from. Once again the staff were some of the best I have experienced in the sky and nothing was too much trouble for them. Overall Qatar offer probably the best business product I have flown and would not hesitate to book them again. The others have some catching up to do.
  Muscat to London via Doha. It is one of the best airlines, if not the best. I have been using this airline for my travels and not thinking a second to change it. The relationship they make with their customers is incomparable and their service standards are unmatchable. 
  Johannesburg to Doha. We were a family of four in Business Class and we had 6 kgs overweight but the Johannesburg station manager would not overlook it. Then came the worst boarding process I have ever seen. The food was inedible as the catering choices from Johannesburg is bad. They need to take a very close look at their whole Johannesburg operation. I will always recommend Qatar Airways but out of Johannesburg you are better off making other choices.
  Adelaide to Manchester via Doha. Two flights which could not have been more different. Adelaide to Doha on A350, comfortable and spacious seats, good entertainment system and fantastic crew. Also pre selected vegetarian meals which were very acceptable. Crew on this flight were attentive, smiling and courteous all the way. Doha to Manchester on Boeing 787 was cramped, uncomfortable with terrible entertainment system and miserable crew. On boarding this flight the crew were directing passengers down the wrong aisles causing frustration and back ups. During the flight they appeared tired and uninterested with little customer interaction. Probably one of the worst flights I've had with this usually excellent airline.
  The departure from Kuwait was delayed by 1 hour. Crew apologized for the delay but this reduced my time in exploring Al-Mourjan lounge in Doha. From Doha to Singapore neither the map or onboard camera were working on the A350. Crew on both sectors were fabulous, however, IFE and seat comfort (1x2x1 layout) is a joke. Wi-Fi was unavailable for my flight to Singapore. On the way back to Kuwait my seat IFE was malfunctioning so they changed my prefer preassigned seat to another seat, thus causing me inconvenience. Food and service was fabulous but I would not fly Qatar Airways again.
  While boarding my flight from Copenhagen to Doha, I was told my name had been cancelled from the flight for some unknown technical reason and they reissued my boarding pass at the gated.  At my assigned seat, ground staff came into the flight to ask me for my luggage tags and went out for a few minutes before returning back to the flight to tell me ok luggage is in. Before boarding my flight from Doha to Singapore, I asked if my luggage is on the flight but the person on the counter scolded me for holding on to my husband’s flight ticket saying that he should hold it himself cause I might lose it.  On the flight, I saw that my chicken dish had some aluminium foil still on it. They staff said sorry and said they would write report and gave me fruits. Entertainment system had to be rebooted during the flight lasting over ten minutes.
  London to Ho Chi Minh City via Doha. One of the most uncomfortable flights in many years, found the seat width and most importantly depth very small.  The service from the cabin staff was very good. We had a passenger sat next to us that was constantly clearing his throat and spitting into a bag from Heathrow to Doha. Unfortunately the cabin staff were unable to dissuade this awful habit. On the leg from Doha to Ho Chi Minh the seats were worse - again the staff were exceptional. The meals on both legs of the journey were catered for a certain pallet type which is expected but not helpful. Overall I would hold the aircraft staff at the top of airlines flown with but the seating and food could be so much better.
  Doha to Bangkok was one of the best flights ever I had. I was already knowing the cabin of The Boeing 787, so the space  was as usual pretty nice and ok. The food was really spicy and full of ingredients so I did not touch it too much. The cabin crew was really patient, polite, and they were really helpful in curating the details, from each guests. It turne out that I forgot my amenity kit at home. As it was a night flight, I asked a member from the cabin crew and she said there were not any available in economy anymore, but she gave the chance to have one from Business class, which I was just in love because of the Brics design. She was so polite, and talented and she was just four months with Qatar Airways, she really made my flight and all my 24h journey. I´m pretty sure she will make a good job and these are the way to create proud and loyal customers.
  Vienna to Doha. It was the first time flying with Qatar Airways, and I arrived at the check in counter at Vienna airport and I was checked in from a really nice lady. I was flying coach, so was not expecting to have a first class experience, but neither in economy I would never offer a check in where the agent talks in the meanwhile that she has my baggage and my passport with her colleague about her personal staff. She was rude . Luckily the cabin crew were better and more helpful, but not outstanding, they did not know what was inside the snack they were offering. The cleanliness, space from the aircraft were really good and I loved the flight as well the IFE. If you are flying the Boeing 787 don´t sit too much in the back otherwise you will see more the wing than the sky.
  Edinburgh to Bangkok via Doha. Excellent service, which I have now come to expect from Qatar. They outshine in almost every aspect. One gripe however, is the check in at Edinburgh, which may be managed by One World. This was seriously bad. It took 30 minutes to check in, with 2 passengers in front of me. The staff seem to have no experience in checking passengers in, and they were constantly transferring priority luggage tags, lounge invitations etc between two desks, as if there was no preparation. We were then informed that there was no Fast Track (FT) for security clearance, but when we pointed out to the gate keeper that we were members of OneWorld, they allowed us to proceed through FT. Not sure why Qatar is not listed as a user of FT for its Business Class travellers. Onboard service was impeccable, with professional, efficient and pleasant staff, which is truly noteworthy. Wifi connectivity did not appear to work on the several times I attempted to use it.
  Bangkok to Edinburgh via Doha. Impressive service from beginning to end. The new lounge at BKK is a huge improvement on the previously shared lounge with THAI. Every encounter with Qatar staff was professional and based on the highest level of training. The business class lounge at Doha is now busier than when it first opened, as a result of which there is always a queue for a shower, but thankfully, it only takes about 15-20 minutes to wait until one is freed up.
 Flew Qatar Airways from Colombo to Amsterdam via Doha. Check-in took ages even at the online bad drop counter. What's the purpose of this whole exercise of online checking if it does not minimize the fuss at the airport. Onboard did not see many smiles on the crew faces. They were just going through their work routine. The seat and entertainment is very good and the cabins appear new.  In between meals there was hardly any water or juice in the cabin. 
  Miami to Doha return. Awesome from the lounge to the aircraft. Onboard the staff was very professional and courteous, I was totally impressed. I am looking forward to another trip with this airline.
 Flew Atlanta to Bangkok via Doha. I was very impressed with the airline staff from when they entered the terminal heading to the aircraft and while in the air. Extremely professional and engaged in their job. Top notch, although a long flight, I was very comfortable and at ease. The light pink up-lighting in the aircraft gives you a comforting feeling instead of the domestic aircraft that is stark white. The meals served were of decent quality. I have already recommended Qatar Airways for future travelers.
  Doha to Johannesburg. Early morning start on an older 777 cabin staff prompt and helpful with a graciousness expected on Qatar Airways, the seat was comfortable though the massage feature was not working. The breakfast selection was a little lacking, though the portions were generous. IFE was good overall. An excellent experience but the ticket price was very steep .
  We traveled Colombo to Philadelphia via Doha. Food was excellent with a wide selection and good quality. Correct temperature in all servings. Staff in all four flights were very attentive and caring. Seats from Doha to Colombo was most uncomfortable.
 Dublin to Auckland via Doha. Have flown numerous times with numerous airlines and Qatar Airways takes first place in exceptional service in every way from booking to being able to choose seats for free, choose meals at one tap on their APP, highly recommended, excellent checkin, inflight service and meals. Our baggage even came out at the same time, all 9 suitcases. Made a longhaul flight with 4 children enjoyable and stress free.
  Birmingham to Penang via Doha. First time flying with Qatar Airways, usually fly Emirates, but the service on the new route to Penang was simply outstanding on all legs. Crew very friendly and attentive and the food was first class. Only drawback was use of lounge in Penang which is used by various other airlines and was not acceptable for many reasons which will be detailed in lounge review. Will definitely use Qatar again.
  Hong Kong to Dublin via Doha. An evening service using Boeing 777 on first leg and Boeing 787 from Doha. Check-in was quick and efficient in both airports. Seat 3K (right window) on B777 was comfortable and spacious. Flight attendants were friendly, and addressed me by name. Qatar offer dining on demand, and my excellent dinner arrived when requested. From the menu, lobster stood out, but it was not available. The FA saw my disappointment, and twice during the flight the purser came to apologise. The beef replacement was excellent. Food overall was probably the best I have had on an airplane. Wine was also really good. Couldn't fault the service, with a nice amenity kit, including Georgio Armani after shave balm, after shave, and lots of moisturisers, lip balm etc. Pyjamas are also supplied and it was easy to get 6 hours good sleep. IFE was good, with a reasonable selection, and an excellent moving map display, including simulated head-up display and instrument panel. First leg arrived on time, and then all change to the Boeing 787. Service on to Dublin was of a similar standard, and the breakfast omelette, which came after a nice fruit selection and cereal, was very tasty. The interesting thing here is the comparison between the B777 and 787. The 787's seat (2K window seat), is angled so you have no-one beside you. The Boeing 787 windows are just huge, and are electronically dimmed. Cabin lighting is very sophisticated, but I have to say that overall I was a little disappointed with the Boeing 787. The seat is not as spacious or comfortable as the older 777, and the IFE is decidedly fiddly and unfriendly to use. I could see several passengers needing assistance with it, and the FA's couldn't figure it out either. The moving map display was different also, and strangely for a newer airplane, it was much more basic, and missed most of the nice features available on the 777. Overall, I have to say that Qatar offer an incredibly good service, with amazing food, great staff, a modern fleet, and very comfortable lounges, particularly in Doha. I would seek them out actively in preference to the other middle eastern airlines, and that is really saying something.
  Birmingham to Manila via Doha. Check in at Birmingham was very quick and easy and was given fast track security, although in Birmingham this is pretty badly organised! The lounge is a 3rd party lounge called No.1, which is quite nice and modern inside and with reasonable amount of seating tables etc. Because it is a lounge which you can pay to use they limit how much hot food you can have which is a shame as the portions are not large, although it was actually delicious. Boarding was easy and quick and my amenity kit was already in my seat and I was immediately offered a welcome drink. All crew on board were fantastic throughout the flight. Food and drinks including presentation was more akin to a first class product really. The seat in the 787 is the excellent herringbone config and was very comfortable and with a lot of storage and table space. At Doha I did not have long to change planes so did not have time to enjoy the lounge. On the 777 the service was just as excellent, I didn’t sample the dinner as I went straight to sleep but the breakfast was excellent and the dine in demand meant that it could fit around when I woke up and I wanted to eat, an amazing plus! The 777 was an older one with the old 2-2-2 config which actually isn’t too bad, the seat and bed are both comfortable although as I am quite tall I much prefer a seat with a separate food stool. There is fairly good storage space although limited table space. Regarding IFE, whilst the 787 has a newer system, I actually found the 777 system more responsive and easier to use and the quality was still really good! Overall an outstanding flight and very good value for money. Being able to collect BA points and avios was an added bonus.
  Johannesburg to Edinburgh via Doha. Qatar Airways provides a decent service with their flights, but other areas are lacking. You can choose your seats online if you booked with them, which is useful without paying an extra charge. The seats were too narrow in my opinion and leg room was not too generous. Service by the cabin staff was good. The in flight entertainment was okay. Some recent new movies were the highlight. The screen is not very high quality and headphones supplied had to have its connection moved around to work properly, which was not a good experience at all and this happened on my recent flights with them. I was disappointed with the food quantities and frequency. The main meals for breakfast and supper (somehow never got lunch) are very small, notwithstanding that there are some other small accompaniments. The choices of were only basically chicken or vegetarian. The problem that I had with how often meals were served was particularly on one of my connecting flights to Doha, which started boarding at 12:45. They did not serve lunch and instead served supper at 16:00 and in the evening, they only served their tiny hot sandwich, which is a small rectangular pie and a tiny cupcake. As a result, I was very hungry throughout the flight. On arrival to my final destination, my suitcase was also damaged, with two sharp metal parts sticking out from the bottom and when I inquired about it at the baggage desk, they refused to even acknowledge that there was any damage and were quite frankly rude. This was ridiculous. 
  My wife and I had booked a return trip Adelaide to Frankfurt via Doha over Easter. A few days before departure Qatar offered an upgrade to Business Class for the 2 legs and we decided to upgrade for about $2500 for Adelaide Doha. This was well worth it, we ate well, our Romanian our flight attendant was excellent and attended to our every need and I managed to sleep about 9 hours. The next leg, Doha to Frankfurt was only 6 hours and it passed uneventfully but in Economy Class. Our return flight, about 12 days later from Frankfurt to Doha passed quickly as well. On the nearly 14 hour flight from Doha to Adelaide we each had a row of seats. The A350 which Qatar uses for the 14 hours long haul, has a 3x3x3 configuration which made sleeping possible. But economy class food left a lot to be desired. I was served lamb in apricot sauce which was so dry that I think they forgot about the sauce. For the brunch I opted for the Cheddar Cheese scrambled egg and this was also very dry . However, the desserts served were of a good enough standard. Boeing 777 middle row of 4 seats is very squeezy by comparison to the A350 and there is little space for 8 legs and feet. The flight attendants were friendly and efficient.
 Qatar is still a great airline overall, but declining in some areas.  Onboard service is fantastic, flight attendants are the best in the business, hard-working and hospitable in every way. The food is good. The seats on the A350 are nice, the B777 less so. The IFE on the A350 is great and easy to use. The B777 less so. At JFK, we were delayed leaving. The ground staff made no announcements about the delay for over two hours. They only made one when I finally trudged up to the small, packed, outdated gate area and told them they needed to. Then, a chaotic boarding commenced that was a free-for-all. In DOH, I missed my connection by a half hour or so. There was no ground staff there with information on my flight to Kigali, I had to go to their transfer desk to get vouchers for the stay in Doha. Next morning the immigration was woefully understaffed. It took 1 hour to clear immigration because there were a couple of disinterested workers and hundreds of passengers needing to get through. Security screening can be hit and miss. Things allowed through some times, next time they are taken. 
 Auckland to Doha My return leg Business Class was full the service was superb but beverage selection was lacking, I think some catering choices only come out of Doha. IFE was very good and up to date the seat was comfortable though I prefer the layout of the A350 and 787 it gives more privacy and 17 hour flight that Qatar Airways do their best to make as painless as possible and a remarkable job it is. Though I would point out the check in staff making me pay for 3 kilos though I was a Gold member of the privilege Club and this flight qualified me to become a Platinum member, quite a cheap shot by Qatar Airways .
 SGN-DOH-KGL on A330 and B787-8. Flights on time. Service on board fine, food is deteriorating (small portions, oily, no meat options), but FAs and drink offers almost make up for it. Qatar as a country suffers tremendously from the Arab ban/embargo put on them from their neighbours causing increased food prices and for QR it implies huge deroutings on most African and S-American destinations (add up to 3 hours per leg!). FAs are the best in the air, always focused, energetic, proactive, attentive, and committed, and hardworking. Rarely – if ever? Have I seen better FAs. Personalised service for everybody onboard the business class cabin. They still do charity collections onboard – to my view a violation of passengers. IFE very good. Bus-gating in Doha annoying and tedious.
  Auckland to Cape Town via Doha. Just wanted to the ground crew at Auckland Airport for their fabulous service today, helping to get my sister-in-law checked in and upgraded with my Qmiles, she was absolutely delighted thank you. We have flown to Europe and back twice with Qatar Airways now in recent years (Business Class), and they are very much our airline of choice, and the most comfortable way to travel what is one of the longest routes in the commercial aviation world.
  Comfortable seats, delightful staff but in flight service was slow There was one flight attendant to serve the drinks and meals to a large section of the plane, each drink is poured by hand. We received no pre meal drink. My first meal was lukewarm and the second cold, my mid flight snacks were not warm enough - breakfast before landing was hot. The entertainment system is not a patch on emirates. The staff are the best thing about Qatar Airways but they need more of them. Flew business back and a lovely comfortable cabin but slow service. All flights were extremely punctual with efficient boarding.

  Doha to London Heathrow. Overall a reasonable experience. I was not so impressed with the A350 and I found it hard to hear the IFE. The seat was not that spacious. Food onboard was fantastic, a good portion for dinner which included salad, roll with cheese, sweet Thai chilli chicken with jasmine rice and steamed vegetables and a summer fruit cheese cake. There was also a light sandwich and muffin with coffee before we started to land. The IFE was quite good, but not as much choice as some airlines. The on board staff were pleasant. 
  Dublin to Melbourne via Doha. I travel at least 3 times a year with different airlines but never got the service which I received on both sections of the flights from Dublin to Melbourne. I may mention one staff on the second flight who went beyond the call of Duty. Definitely a 5 star airline.
  Paris CDG to Doha, I was sitting on the first row in the economy class. Upon opening the cutlery to start eating, I noticed that my fork is dirty. I called the staff and informed him and he changed my cutlery. I am wondering what quality control the caterers in Paris enforce. 
  Doha to Auckland. Early morning departure, ground staff were quite rude. Plane was 8 year old Boeing 777-200LR, quite old by Qatar Airways standards , but was very clean and fresh , on board service was impeccable. The IFE was a better selection than the one on the A350s and the meals were delicious I had the Sea Bass and the Arabic Breakfast. The long 17 hour flight went by like a breeze with the unbelievable high standards Qatar Airways deliver . The seats were very comfortable.
  Doha To Munich (I was connecting from Kuwait), the flight was operated by Qatar Airways leased A350-900 From LATAM Airlines - what an amazing aircraft! Spacious, great legroom, and the onboard service is unbeatable! Very professional friendly crew, they were so nice, breakfast it was pretty good. IFE was great, seat was very comfortable, snacks were also provided before landing. Hamad International Airport is my favorite airport, it is easy and very modern! I’ve also flown on Emirates, but I can clearly tell through my experience, Qatar Airways is the best!
  Booked a 15 day day food tour of India, starting from New Delhi and ending up at Goa, Qatar Airways offered the best route. Manchester to Doha was on the B787-8, cabin crew were pleasant in particular the head purser who was apologetic and showed empathy as they did not have my food choice by the time she reached me. The passenger next but one to me, was argumentative as he did not get his food choice as well, she handled the situation extremely well. She explained to the passenger that number of food choice is governed by projected demand and supply. This happened to me again from Goa to Doha, again the cabin crew was apologetic and and showed empathy. From Doha to Manchester, luckily I was seated near the front and therefore had choice of food, and they provided numerous drinks run throughout the flight. I would give this airline 10 out of 10, but only going got give it 8 out of 10 due to not having my choice of food. I think Qatar Airways and also the other airlines need to have more food portions available as it must cost pennies to produce the meals during their flight.
  Ahmedabad to Chicago via Doha. Everything starting from Ground Services at Ahmedabad Airport till Chicago was up to mark, and niche, they make you feel like king when you fly business with them. When I got down at Doha Airport as part of ny transit to Chicago, I was been welcomed with a broad and welcoming warm smile at Al Moujran Lounge which is for Business class. Has great showers and very helping and cooperative staff, they gave me Dental kit and reserved a shower for me, washroom are huge enough with all the amenities and privacy. They have various restraurants ranging from Made to order to Buffet with varieties of food and beverages, must try is their Arabic Platter with Hummus and Pita Bread and lentil soup. After a short break I boarded the aircraft, which had dedicated Business class priority boarding, which was very smooth. I was having 6A seat on this flight. Seat was very comfortable with great pitch and legroom, I almost had more than 4 windows at my disposal for a great view, they are having almost 26 inches of screen with touch and remote operated system. Seat can convert in to fully flat bed , it has massaging options and various positioning options. They provided me with Pyjamas. Both the things were of a good quality and very niche product indeed. They welcomed me with options of Sparkling water, wine or champagne. Along with hot and cold towel. Seat has power outlet to charge your gadgets or laptops , Qatar airways even provide customers with Laptop on demand if u want during your journey. I got one as I had to finish one presentation. Food can be made to order and you can choose your own time of having it.  They had varieties of beverages.  I had a good nights sleep with fully flat bed and ambient lighting. Had a great breakfast. Keep it up Qatar airways
  Seats are the most uncomfortable I have experienced, although leg room is good, it is hard to sleep due to the hardness / design of the modern seating. The service is limited as possible. Face wipe; issue menu card; serve menu and drink in plastic cup; then hide away, apart from odd round with trays of water, pastry snack box before landing. The media is good, but not a great deal better than other airlines. Food quality was poor and bland. Qatar Airways ticks all the basic boxes for economy but lacks any wows to support its current status.
 Flew Qatar Airways from Oslo to Doha. The business cabin on the B787 planes is at the front of the plane, since there is no first class. At the second door a small onboard self-service bar is in place where champagne, wine and snacks are provided during the flight. Two additional seats can be found behind the bar and between the toilets, these are not recommended. Due to the small cabin (compared to the A380 cabins) the atmosphere is much warmer and the staff can pay more attention to passengers. The overhead compartments are missing above the middle seats that makes the cabin more spacious, but middle seat passengers must use the storage above the window seats. Usually it is not a problem, the space is still enough, but I felt uncomfortable in disturbing others by opening the storage above them. The 1-2-1 herringbone configuration seats provide great comfort and space, they are like first class seats at some other airlines. They can be converted to a full-flat bed, however some may find the leg space limited. The screen is large enough and the noise cancellation headsets close out every disturbance. Since it was a day flight, pajamas were only available upon request. The service was excellent and Qatar Airways' on-demand a'la carte menu allows passengers to meal whenever and whatever they wish. Before take-off the flight attendants book the meal requests and the preferred time of the serving, then they return when time comes. Of course passengers can change their mind anytime but it is worth booking the meals in advance to ensure they do not run out. In my case they ran out of Hungarian desert wine Tokaji but substituted with an Australian one. The meals were delicious, but not show-stopping. The entertainment system could have a bigger selection of movies and the browsing the selection should be available via the main screen instead of the touch screen equipped remote control. WiFi is for free up to 10MB (!) more can be purchased, however it is really slow and occasionally working.
 Flew Qatar Airways from Doha to Sydney. The business class cabin is situated on the upper deck of the A380, behind the first class cabin. The seats are in a herringbone configuration of 1-2-1. They are very comfortable and can be converted to a full flat bed, however some may find the leg space limited in the bed position. But still, they are well ahead of most business seats of other airlines. The onboard service was excellent and smooth. Passengers can select when, what and how many times they wish their meals to be served. It is a nice thing, but it means that people eat in different times, hence the flight attendants run up and down the cabin during the whole flight and smell of food is always present in the cabin. At the aft of the business cabin a full size bar can be found with canopies, fruit and a bartender who serves cocktails. It is simply amazing! The WiFi is free up to 10Mb, but it did not really work to me and the selection of movies could be wider.
  Phuket to Doha. It was a pleasant flight,  upgraded to business class, the airline do not provide lounge access and fast track for upgrades. The flight itself was ok, with flat bed to sleep, sophisticated meal prepared by class chefs - a nice surprise. Large screen with new releases for entertainment. Cabin crew was polite and friendly, helpful during the flight, which was on time.
  New York to Dhaka via Doha. We decided to travel by Qatar airways due to the reviews in Skytrax and I'm glad i made this decision. This was my first time traveling with Qatar airways and i really enjoyed the travel. Their staff service was good, the plane was nice. One thing i really have to praise is their time, we did not have to worry about getting delayed. we traveled by Emirates before and the experience wasn't very pleasant. Qatar Airways is a very amazing airline.
  Doha to Atlanta. When checking in in Atlanta despite telling the agent we were going to stop in Doha she checked our bags to Kathmandu. The agent had to have her supervisor correct the error. The same happened in Kathmandu despite my very clear instructions that we were going to Doha. When I saw that incorrect bag tags had been printed she was quite rude telling me that I should have told her that we were only going to Doha.  Doha airport has been built to a very high standard, there is a train to take passengers to the gates, however arriving passengers must walk to the terminal. Admittedly almost everyone on both flights into Doha were in transit. We were not. The passport process was very poor. At least an hour wait on both occasions. There are 36 immigration gates, of which no more than five were manned. After the first stay in Doha we found the check-in process for our flight to Kathmandu relatively simple. I'm OneWorld sapphire member, and the process worked OK. Qatar Airways has a lounge that permits entry to OneWorld  members and we were able to enjoy a breakfast before joining the flight to Kathmandu. After the second stay in Doha we had to checkin at a special area for passengers travelling to the USA. We later learnt on return to the US that our miles from Doha to Atlanta did not appear in our AA accounts. Of the 45 minutes we expected to have in the Qatar Airways lounge to have breakfast we had just 20 minutes before we were called to the gate. Passengers with computers or iPads were sent to a special security area and devices checked and placed in sealed plastic bags which could not be opened until on board the aircraft.  My wife's iPad is in a very tightly fitting leather protective case. The security people insisted that this had to be removed which proved very difficult. The leather case was never examined and just returned to her, so what that proved I have no idea. All this additional security meant that the flight departed Doha late and in turn arrived late in Atlanta. The food on Qatar Airways is very basic. I was unimpressed with Qatar Airways and next year when we visit Bhutan we will use a different OneWorld carrier.
  25 hour delay and no compensation. I have been flying with them for 10 years and I'm a part of the Privilege Club Program. Due to technical problems, my flight from Jakarta to Warsaw via Doha was delayed, so I was redirected to Brussels but Qatar Airways forgot to book me the further flight to Warsaw, which led to my 25 hours late arrival in Warsaw. My destination was Poznań, I had to change the ticket 3x and pay the extra costs. In Brussels, representatives of Qatar Airways told us that all costs associated with our travel will be compensated by Qatar Airways. After describing the events and sending them to the given address, they advised that the Regulation EC261 is not applicable, and does not apply to Non-European Carriers' flights to the EU.
  Return flight to Copenhagen via Doha. Really impressed with the lounge in Bangkok, quiet, clean and excellent service. Qatar A380 business has to be my favorite aircraft, so quiet and comfortable. Boeing 787 to Copenhagen was full, I don’t like this cabin compared to that of both the 380 and 350 - I feel you are more ‘exposed’ even though it’s the same seat and the 787 is by far a noisier aircraft. One area where Qatar needs to improve is the food, it was abysmal on both sectors, the offering from Doha was disgusting. The crew were fine, but I find few crew engaging until the end of the flight where they ‘have’ to ask if your flight was enjoyable, it seems staged.
  Melbourne to Dublin via Doha. Booked flight that morning due to family emergency, couldn't afford any delays. Well 52 hours later I arrived in Ireland. QR905 delayed due to mechanical ex Melbourne, no info from QR, relied on Qantas lounger updates, probably a visit from uniformed QR staff to lounge would have been in order, finally boarded 3 hours late which meant missed connecting flight to LHR. QR had me overnighting in hotel to take direct flight DOH-DUB next day, however after much debate with ground team they put me on another flight to LHR 6 hours later, which that ended up delayed, would have missed connecting flight to DUB so full circle and I went to hotel and took direct flight next day. Transfers all arranged and voucher for meals, can't fault the disruption service. Service on MEL -DOH was average,  no interaction from the male FA. Service can border on robotic, very impersonal. Seat comfortable, like the lounge behind business class, great place to stretch out. I found the cabin too hot,Wifi very slow and patchy, the free MB goes in seconds. Flexible airfare so premium price paid. QR still far superior to majority of other airlines, just need to improve the ground staff support, will continue to fly with them.
  Johannesburg to Houston via Doha. Ground Crew not friendly. Allowed 2 suitcases at 23kg and one carry on. We only had one checked baggage and one carry on each, so below by one checked baggage. Because my CPAP bag was temporary on top of the Carry on they wanted me to pay extra. I explained that I can take my Medical bag off and an argument by the staff started. Eventually a Supervisor intervened and commonsense kicked in. The crew onboard were far from friendly except for the JNB to DOH that flight was as all flights should be, friendly and with good friendly service. Entertainment screen was only 8 inches away from my face. Most of the time my entertainment system didn't work by the Touch Screen or by the Hand Control. Main food meal was tasty and good but snack food tasted awful. Water was regularly offered throughout all flights. 
  Frankfurt to Ho Chi Minh City via Doha. This was a pleasant trip with Qatar Airways. All the cabin crew members were friendly and attentive. Plenty of drinks were offered, and when we asked for anything the crew went the extra mile to fulfil our wishes. One of our B773ER planes and the A330 still had the old Oryx One entertainment system with a low-resolution screen - the newer entertainment systems on the other planes were excellent! Especially the flight in their B787 was very comfortable, even in economy class. The A330 cabin was rather dated, they should retrofit these planes with newer seats. The food was excellent compared to other economy products. Transfer in Doha was smooth. The only issue on this trip were the rude and incompetent local airport ground staff at SGN who conducted check-in for Qatar Airways: they enforced the weight limits for baggage down to the last gram, as strictly as for any low-cost carrier. I can‘t imagine Qatar‘s own staff to be that stringent on weight limits.
 This was my first long haul economy flight in a decade. After been fortunate enough to fly in the front quite often I was on a money saving effort and so did London Heathrow to Sydney return via Doha in economy. I scored a great fare in their annual January sale. I found the service was very good on all flights. I was in the upper deck economy cabin at the back and found the crew to be pleasant and also very responsive whenever I asked for another drink. The legroom was about as good as it will get in economy, which is to say it wasn’t complete torture. It’s up there with the best. The inflight entertainment was sufficiently diverse to occupy me for four long flights, with a mix of older and very new releases. I’d say one of the better systems. Oneworld sapphire and emerald members are treated as second class citizens. Staff were falling over themselves for a QR silver member (OW Ruby) on one leg of my journey which I found odd. This was until I realised that in Doha if you fly economy you don’t have access to the regular business class lounge but  a second tier lounge. Having experienced the Al Mourjan lounge previously I can say the Qatar business class lounge is less superior (think run of the mill AA lounge in the US). Overall the experience as a Sapphire or Emerald member doesn’t matter to Qatar. I had heard that upper deck economy is reserved for premium fliers - this is incorrect. You will get first dibs on the seats, but then it’s open season once online check-in opens. On my DOH-LON flight the lower deck was a third full whilst the upper deck was 3/4 full. I found the food revolting, particularly noteworthy was a chicken biryani from DOH to SYD. But it’s economy so you get what you pay for I guess. Overall I would definitely pay for Qatar in business class, but an indirect route in economy is not something I’ll be seeking out again. No matter how you dress it up economy is economy.
 Barcelona to Melbourne via Doha. Plane, we have now flown twice on 787’s and each time it has been a disappointment. The seats feel cramped and narrow when compared to the A380 which is flown in the second leg. The entertainment system is difficult to navigate and the volume is particularly difficult to control. The seats are difficult to move from reclined back straight. 5/10 Service was ok but not at the top of the market when compared to Singapore, Cathay or even Qantas. I wished to change the food order for the children but the hostess made only a brief attempt to find alternative meals and then never came back to let me know definitively that no meals were available. 5/10 Food: Very average meals, serves are small and generally would advise steering clear of European style meals. Indian meals taste better. 5/10 Overall disappointing compared to competitors.
  Copenhagen to Bangkok via Doha. These two flights had both good and bad. Copenhagen to Doha, the seat on the 787 is far superior to that of the old style seat on some 777. However the food was bad , the chicken was inedible and the crew were noisy in the galley. The lounge experience in Doha was again, exemplary. The staff are so friendly and the waiter service and a la carte menu impressive. Boarding for the BKK sector was a bit of a scrum, they could make the priority lane more prominent. It was literally a case of pushing through passengers trying to board. Doha-Bangkok sector and the crew couldn’t have been more different from their colleagues on the Copenhagen sector. For such an early morning departure they were friendly and had a genuine warmth. Food was much better, supper was delivered speedily after take off, and the pancakes for breakfast were delicious. The one thing that lets down QR on the old 777 are the seats, it was uncomfortable to sleep on, but I was so tired I managed a few hours. All in all though a much more positive experience than my previous flights with QR.
  Doha to Paris CDG. One of the best flights I have taken, the service was personal and professional the cabin staff attentive and gracious, the food was good though not exceptional, the tenderloin was overdone for my taste. Arabic mezze was a little bland and needed more lemon and olive oil. The entertainment system was lacking in selection though the movies were up to date but lacked in classics, the TV selection was very poor. The WiFi was OK and the seat on the Qatar Airways A350 are some of the best in the business .
  Bangkok to Doha. I've just had the best guest experience in Qatar Airways because of the Flight Crew. She was very kind, polite, attentive and caring. Though all my previous flights in Qatar Airways are well, it was a first for me to experience a service with such sincerity.
  Frankfurt to Cape Town via Doha. We had old Boeing 777ER with most uncomfortable seat on both legs. The crew was friendly and attentive, from Frankfurt to Doha even exceptionally friendly and efficient. The food was nicely presented but not many choices. If you like a very rich soup and a nice curry, you will enjoy it. But on both flights we got pretty much the same dishes, a boring and disappointing experience. I tried to sleep on both flights, which was impossible, the so-called flat bed is not really flat in the 777 and is divided in 4 sections, one of the most uncomfortable experiences in last years.
  On a recent flight from Barcelona to Adelaide I had the connection with a layover of 20 hours in Doha. When I went to check in Barcelona, I was told that my checking luggage needs to be checked through to Adelaide and that it was not possible for me to get my luggage in Doha so I could check in to a hotel. Complete nonsense. Such a shame, I generally have found them to have quite good facilities, aircraft and crew.
  Birmingham to Melbourne via Doha. After leaving a few comments regarding my outward flight from Melboure to Birmingham, Qatar contacted me for further details and ensured me my return trip would be different. Well it was like chalk and Cheese. Everything I was disappointed about on my outward flight was addressed and the cabin crew went above and beyond to ensure I had a awesome return flight. Cannot say enough about Qatar customer service and Cabin crew. A great airline who want to continually improve by listening to customers. I am not a serial moaner and travel frequently to the UK and back. Previously I have experienced poor service with Emirates and followed the complaints/comments procedure. Still waiting for a reply over 2 years ago, which shows clearly the difference between these two airlines. 
  Kigali to Ho Chi Minh City via Doha on 27-28 Febr. 2018. Punctual flights, uneventful. 3 hours scheduled additional time delay avoiding overflying Saudia Arabia. FAs are excellent – world-class. Annoying announcements – many of them superfluous. They continue their charity propaganda for Educate a Child – that really puzzles me. How naïve are we passengers to blindly support financially some glossy outlayed institution without providing neutral facts? The 2nd flight left 02 a.m. and did hardly have any food for business class. No real hot dishes – no fish, no meat, only cold piece salmon was offered. They offered a beef filet which was only a spoon of rice with some shredded meat in a heavy brown sauce. No chilli, no fishsauce, no ginger, no icecream, no nothing. I was only saved by an alert FA who managed to secure me a reasonable meal of fish from economy class. Never experienced this before when travelling in business class. Seats in these A330 aircraft are lie flat but narrow that your feet are squeezed if stretching the legs out into a tiny hole under the seat in front. Paid by far too much for this ticket. However, luggage and lounge access functioned well.
  Boston to Bangkok via Doha. I found bathroom a bit larger then north American planes. Service was great. To be honest I only had less then hour after landing in Doha to catch the next flight to Bangkok, I could not believe it luggage arrived to. Great service. I really liked the flight crew member who did the announcements from Boston to Doha he was cheerful and you could hear him. The flight into Bangkok was different. He could give lessons on the announcements. But I would definitely recommend the airline, food good, service good I was impressed. Thanks for the great trip.
  London to Melbourne via Doha. I found an excellent fare with Qatar so I had to give them a go. My flight from London was delayed by nearly 2 hours, however when I checked in I was offered to be moved to the earlier flight (which was about to board). I accepted and for my troubles I was given an exit row on my first flight and an entire row to myself on the second. Qatar economy has nearly 2 extra inches on most other airlines and you can tell. As someone who is only 5ft 10 I had more than enough room on the second leg. Service is generally very good, however the food and drink selections are a little basic compared to Emirates, offering only Red label scotch, Smirnoff vodka and Beefeater gin. Food was just okay. The IFE was good, without being great, offering largely B-list films with 2 or 3 blockbusters. Qatar offers 10 minutes/10mb of free WiFi which is basically enough to check your Twitter, then 30 minutes for $6USD. It's a nice touch, but very steep compared to Emirates flight long Wi-Fi for $1USD. Overall, if bad scotch and average movies don't bother you, Qatar is for you. Easily my new second favourite airline.
  Islamabad to Montreal via Doha. While there is always a risk of delayed flights & connections in long haul flights, it is the way tough situations get handled that set an airline apart. Qatar Airways did an emergency landing in Moscow (a person onboard was sick) on my flight from Doha to Montreal. What ensued was a comedy of errors. They made people wait for 5 hours, did not have any game plan to provide accommodation when we got back to Doha (they took us back). My connecting domestic flight was missed, the accommodation they arranged in Montreal was extremely shoddy. 
  Chicago to Hyderabad via Doha. I travelled along with my 4 months old son and my mother on Jan 22nd. First I need to tell about my bad experience with other airlines then only you will understand my wonderful experience with Qatar Airways. We booked online to travel on Jan 21st from Canton, Ohio to Chicago through American Airlines, from Chicago to Hyderabad via Doha but AA flight got delayed for several hours and they don’t know how much time it takes, they were keep on changing AA flight time, later we realized it’s impossible to catch connecting flight in Chicago (we already wasted several hours while waiting), so we discussed with AA staff, they took almost 4 hours and finally they said we have to rebook tickets to next day and they cannot rebook through Qatar but said they can rebook with BA (British Airways) for next day ie. Jan 22nd from Cleveland to Chicago through AA flight and from Chicago to India through BA flight. I agreed for that because we don’t have any other feasible options at that time. On Jan 22nd we were able to flew from Cleveland to Chicago in AA flight but in Chicago BA staff did not allow me to board in BA flight because they said I don’t have unexpired US visa (I already have H4 approval petition but don’t have unexpired US visa and already scheduled for visa appointment in India). I did not know that I need a visa to travel in BA and AA staff who changed our entire itinerary (it supposed to be with Qatar Airways but changed to BA) never told us about visa restrictions with BA even though we spent 4 hours in their counter while standing. BA staff were very rude in Chicago, did not help us in any way. I was worried about what happens next and how to take care of my 4 months old son and my mother who does not speak English, more over Chicago is not my home town and don’t know anyone there. Then I got an idea to meet with Qatar staff because Qatar Airways was my original airline, wanted to give a try, then my fate changed entirely. I encountered with Qatar Airways staff and my experience with them was wonderful and they rebooked our tickets with the Qatar flight which will be starting with in 40 minutes from Chicago without asking for single penny.  Qatar Airways staff acted very fast, cleared all formalities within minutes and believe it or not within 30 minutes we were in the flight. I still cannot believe how Qatar Airways staff helped us, the way they treated us, cleared everything in minutes and handled the situation especially when we need a help very badly and with very bad experience earlier with other airlines (AA and BA) even though we approached them in last minute. I am very much thankful to Qatar Airways staff otherwise I would have suffered a lot especially with my 4 months old son and my mother, both completely depends on me. I wanted to take some time to put all my experiences, that’s why I am putting little bit late review.
  Singapore to Berlin via Doha. The ground service in Singapore were not up to the standard I expected. Food on board, I understand that there is limited choice. However the system serving food is weird, I was surprised being in the middle of the plane and finding out that the row behind me was served 40 minutes before me. So at the end as the last people who were served we didn't had a choice of the food. The cabin crew were nice, polite and friendly. They tried their best even if the company didn't provide them enough of tools to make their work excelent. The last issue was getting back my bag. I was in shock when i get my suitcase damaged. I went and reported it right away, I got report and everything was alright. At Tegel Airport I was informed that i have to call company DOLFI that works with Qatar Airways to solve the issue. That's what i did and here i got another suprise! Lady on the phone told me that she can't help me i have to contact airline.  I did as she said, customer service informed me that they don't deal with this kind of cases and i have to contact airport crew. Again nice airport manager send me back to DOLFI. And finally everything ends here after 1 month. The issue of suitcase was solved, however it was such a poor service, staff in DOLFI is not informed about their duties, which cause misunderstanding. I'm happy everything ended well. Qatar Airways rectified their mistake and I got new suitcase in similar color.
  Karachi to London via Doha. Left Karachi on time at 4.05 am to Doha. Aisle seat allocated, 30 mins into flight a child started screaming and continued throughout. Cabin crew did nothing nor did the parent and passengers complained. The plane was not full and I found a seat near the rear of the aircraft in the end. Breakfast served was poor and lukewarm. Doha to London Heathrow left on time. Plane was full, again an aisle seat, legroom OK for a tall person but aisle was very narrow as Qatar has a 3-4-3 configuration on Boeing 777. Another breakfast served, a mushroom and leek fritatta. Neither the lady next to me nor I could find any mushroom, bland and lukewarm. Arrived on time after prolonged stacking over Heathrow.
  London to Lahore via Doha. A380 to Doha then Boeing 787 to Lahore.Both flights on time. Seats on aisle, reasonable leg room. Cabin crew efficient and pleasant and meals were OK for Economy. Transfer between flights at Doha is always good and easy. Arrival in Karachi is less organised-slow and crowded
  Chicago to Doha. I saw the ticket agent physically deflate when my large piece of luggage came in under the weight requirements. Their luggage handling is infuriating. The 10 across seating in the 777 economy is offering narrow 17" wide seats. Seat recline is better than most, which can cut both ways - comfortable for sleeping, but if the person in front of you reclines the entire flight, you won't have room to work on your laptop. That doesn't matter much as the 777s don't have wifi. The entertainment choices are excellent, but the screens are old, tired, unintuitive, and not particularly responsive. The flight tracking maps are useless, flashing from a screen showing an ad to a screen showing the pitch of the aircraft, to a sparse map written in only Arabic. To give credit where it's due, they mostly nail the food. Three entree choices, and enough on your tray to constitute a meal. If you're used to US airlines, you'll be pleasantly surprised at the amount and quality of food provided. Finally, the connections at the Doha airport are a special kind of punishment, it's a massive facility filled with every high end retailer in the world. I wouldn't go too far out of my way to avoid Qatar Airways, but they've been gliding on their grammatically painful world five star airline motto for far too long.
  London Heathrow to Islamabad via Doha. My father passed away following a brief illness in Pakistan. So I had to move fast and glad to have chosen Qatar Airways. They were incredibly understanding and went above and beyond to take me over and back in time. Excellent service through and through. I hope that Qatar Airways can maintain their absolutely brilliant standards, they really value their customers regardless of anything else.  Well done to all staff.
  Tbilisi to Kuala Lumpur via Baku / Doha. The staff both on-board and ground staff were very helpful and nice. I had very short connection in Doha (just 45 minutes) and the staff was very helpful. Despite this short connection, everything went really smoothly, we didn't even have to run in Doha airport and when we arrived at the gate, the ground staff even thanked us for making to the gate on time.  I never enjoy the food during flights, but Qatar served unexpectedly high quality food. I felt like I was having dinner in the high quality restaurant. The meal was very tasty.
 Flew Qatar Airways from Venice to Bangkok via Doha. Fast and friendly check in at Venice Airport. Lounge rather basic. Flight on the A330 was comfortable with decent food and service. Doha lounge as always crowded during morning peak hours. Waiting time for a shower about 1hr. Next sector on the gorgeous A380 was great. Large business class cabin and lounge area very comfortable. Service and food as always top notch. All flights on time.
  Marrakech to Doha. Qatar Airways is very uneven, it sets standards with things like the Qsuites and with frequent outstanding service, some flights below average. Marrakech to Doha had the type of cabin crew for which US and low grade European airlines are better known. Doing the minimum,  serving a meal in a totally indifferent way, then disappearing behind a curtain not to be seen for the remainder of the flight. The bar counter at the back of the Business cabin was left depleted and dirty, not once in over 4 hours did the crew check on passengers and enquire about drinks. Only during the last hour or so did they reappear to offer, unenthusiastically, drinks or snacks. The food was good, but with a service expedited as quickly as possible (the cabin was full or almost). The wines have recently taken a  dive for the worse.
  A most unpleasant check in experience at London Heathrow. Very bad attitude from their check-in staff, no welcome at all or reply to my greeting, I asked politely the baggage limit to be barked that it's 1 piece, and no reply when I politely stated that I was after the weight limit (I still don't know the weight limit, my baggage was 25kg so above that). The check-in girl sat staring at my passport for 4-5 minutes, then asked me if I had any other ID. Then with passport in hand she kept reaching for the phone and dialling numbers, without telling me what was going on. This was at 6am, she eventually got hold of her supervisor who came over and said the visa was fine. Any questions I asked where answered with "Thats just the way it is" again and again. Eventually they checked me in, but they were so rude, I don't understand why they were unpleasant. It was the strangest of experiences, in a bad way. In over 20 years of travelling this was the most unpleasant check-in experience I have had.
 It was a 16 hr flight from Doha to Miami with Qatar Airways. In the middle of my flight I had a serious headache and I informed one of the flight attendant, she informed her supervisor and they took really good care of me. They kept checking on me to see if I was ok even when I was leaving aircraft. An excellent experience. 
 Philadelphia to Manila via Doha. Crews were helpful and a staff from the Ft Lauderdale office provided me hotel accommodation in Doha for a layover due to the changes that they made on my flight schedule. Some airlines would let you stay at the airport to wait for the next flight and provide you with no assistance at all. With the flight from Doha to Manila, crew was very organized. I would rate this airline highly. Keep up providing good service to customers!
 The Qatar Airways flight from Doha to Kathmandu was pretty busy but the staff did all the handling very well, from check in to gate check and inflight as well. The flight departed long after midnight and arrived early in Kathmandu. QR served breakfast which was reasonable but not really needed as many people still slept.
 Travelled 21 & 22 Jan 2018 with Qatar Airways from Ho Chi Minh via Doha to Entebbe and Kigali. Reliable airline, punctual flights, world class service, good drinks, poor food with no diversity, small portions, clean, newer aircrafts. Good lounge in Doha with slumber rooms. Luggage transferred with high precision. Terrible bus-gating in Doha: have to walk inside the airport for almost 2 km, for them just to board by taking a bus drive for another 3 km: why don’t they then bus people from the central area and drive all 5 km instead of letting everybody walk 2 km first? Elite status respected: staff were very respectful and advising. Very expensive ticket, double price as compared to competing carriers on this route (like ET and KQ). Due to the Arab ban on Qatar, a huge deroute from DOH to East Africa was undertaken to avoid flying over Saudi-Arabia. It consumes 2 hours extra travel. Another 2 hours was added for an un-announced stop in Entebbe. Altogether the flight became a full day flight while it should have been ½ day flight. Will change carrier next time but accepted this price to retain flyer status at their FFP. Lousy and expensive WiFi offered on-board with lots of patronising registration and information requirements. Charity collection “Educate a Child” is widely announced, intrusive and useless: they still claim to help 58 million uneducated children as they also did 5 years ago. So obviously no progress, have the collections gone into the drain?
  
Munich to Doha. The flight is currently done by a new LATAM airplane which I assume is leased by Qatar Airways. The cabin crew and the entertainment system however is Qatar Airways. I’ve experienced a very friendly staff at the check in as well as within the cabin. Even with the regular seats they are pretty comfortable.
  Athens to Doha. Excellent flight, the aircraft had the new business class product of Qatar for the A330. The service was simply amazing, personal and with a smile. The seat was great - very comfortable and long enough when the bed was flat. A lot of room and places to store  stuff. Food was nice on this flight from Athens.
  Berlin to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. The usually flawless service on board. Food quality ex Doha isn’t as good as ex Berlin or KUL. Seats and environment on all flights ok, but not as good as on A350 I’ve used on recent trips. Lounge in KUL was outstanding with great a la carte Service. When I returned to Berlin, I realized that my brand new Rimowa suitcase got badly damaged. I reported the damage and received a brand new one without questions asked 2 weeks later. I had similar issues with other carriers, but received just a inferior brand as a replacement. Overall, highly recommended!
  I would like to thank Qatar Airways, for their wonderful service, from Dulles Airport Washington DC to Doha, I was travelling with my elderly mother, we were very well taken are during the flight, I would like to thank the cabin staff for their help and cooperation. Great job Qatar Airways. I'm so happy.
  Maputo to Doha. Service is always good with online check-in to beat the queues in many airports. A little more expensive than other airlines in the region, but they fly point to point rather than hubs and transfers, which I prefer. Online services good as is their loyalty programme, although you need to progress to the next tier first before you get anything. Generous baggage and seating space on aircraft is good, although the aisle is narrow and passengers not looking where they are going can easily hit other seated passengers with their bags. Cabin crew are superb and helpful, and if you get them a box of chocolates for the journey they are genuinely pleasantly pleased. The food is normally good as is the choice of beverages on offer. The entertainment system has some good movies, but often has problems working properly. Customer services is absolutely awful, with many queries not answered or the staff point you to the webpage information where you said you didn't understand what was on the page.
  I used Qatar Airways for the fourth time late in 2016, on the route Zurich – Bangkok – Zurich, in economy class. On previous flights, I had twice tried to sign on to Qatar's frequent flyer programme, but somehow this did not work out. I had wanted to deposit my need for an aisle seat, as I have a back injury which requires me to get up frequently. On the flight from Doha to Bangkok I was assigned a seat with which there was something wrong. I requested that I be allowed to change the seat, explaining that I might get problems, but was told that this was impossible as the plane was full. In Bangkok, I had to request another passenger to lift my luggage off the belt at the airport.  I needed to leave Bangkok eight days earlier than booked. The ticket I had bought stated that I would be charged 173 Swiss francs for any change of reservation, but when I tried to make the change online, the cost was given as 355 Swiss francs. I called the Qatar office in Bangkok. They confirmed that this was a mistake, "probably a software problem“, and then proceeded to charge me 202 Swiss francs. I was told that I was charged more because my change of reservation had to made manually. To me, this is not five star.
  Manchester to Bangkok via Doha. Qatar Airways are absolutely fabulous! I'm so glad that i discovered this airline. Noticeably better than other airlines i have flown with.  Booking process is the best it could be. Ground service is very efficient and courteous. Boeing 787 and A380 have comfortable seating (more so on the A380) and the onboard food i always enjoy. Crew are polite and friendly. I hope they remain in a price range that i can afford so that i can continue to fly this airline on my annual two holidays. 
  Melbourne to Geneva  via Doha and Marrakesh to Melbourne on return. Despite good ground service in Geneva and Marrakesh, service was shocking in Qatar. Despite arriving into Qatar from Melbourne with an hour to spare we were not able to board the flight due to their systems. Continued confusion at the airport (after queuing for 20 minutes) meant we were told 3 times we would make the flight, only to be told in the end that we could not. They did re-route us via Geneva and London to Edinburgh, but then there was not enough time for the required connection (this was always going to be impossible). So again we had to re-route, this time via a different London flight and on to Aberdeen instead. Our 22 hour journey ended up being through 5 airports, 42 hours long and we didn't manage to have time for one lounge due to all the continued queuing and waiting. As a shorty (5ft 1) the headrests are badly designed. They push my head forward uncomfortably as they don't go low enough. At least the staff got me extra blankets to sit on, which really did help my neck a lot but was not the comfiest for my bum. There is no foot rest, again a problem for me being short. I tried to use my own Bose headphones with a 2 pin adapter as I do on most flights but with only 4 volume settings and the volume down to its lowest it was unbearably loud. I asked for a headset and got through 4 headsets, not one worked properly. One ear only would work on 3 pairs and with the other it was a robotic sound and I could not hear properly. I ended up using my own headphones but only half on my ears. My handset flashed the entire journey which was very offputting. They tried to re-set it 3 times, but it did not help. For one of the legs I was in an exit row and the handsets are next to your hip which meant I kept pressing the buttons without meaning to, interrupting my movie by randomly selecting a game for example. Food and drink I cannot fault - probably the best airline food I've had in economy. Cabin staff service: was much better than ground staff, very amicable and helpful.
  Dallas Ft Worth to Colombo via Doha. Boarding was chaotic staff at DFW were shouting at passengers trying to get them into correct boarding zone. The inbound plane arrived on time but we still left close to hour late. Crew was professional, friendly and proactive. Catering was poor with the exception of soup which was excellent. Food was not heated enough or did not appear fresh. The seat on this Boeing 777 has no privacy. Even with eye mask you can still detect seat mates IFE screen.  Pajamas and slippers were nice touch and good quality. Blanket and pillows high quality. Crew kept toilets clean throughout flight. Landed late and parked at remote stand. Transit security was easy at Doha. Lounge is beautiful but signage inside was poor. Odd that the main showers are located behind the dining area. Had to ask staff several times for location. Doha to CMB left on time. Regional business class seat on A320 was fine for five hours to Colombo. Again the crew was outstanding, very professional and friendly. Catering was much better out of Doha.
 Flew Qatar Airways from São Paulo to Athens via Doha. Boarding took place on time and in an organized manner. The aircraft has economy class seats more comfortable than most companies. The food served is of good quality and the service very friendly. The bathrooms are cleaned constantly, which is very important for a 15 hour trip. I really enjoyed the trip.
 My first trip on Qatar Airways flying from Hong Kong to Vienna via Doha, heard a lot of wonderful reviews about them, and my were they true! It has been such a long time since I came across an airlines who did everything right and beyond. QR in my opinion, was excellent, and deserve all the critical acclaims. 4 flights with them, crew and catering on all flights were wonderful. Very consistent good service, my Sapphire status with MH was recognised and acknowledged. Between HK to DOH route, an A350 was deployed, a new beautiful aircraft, very comfortable seat which turn into flat bed. Between DOH to Vienna they use B737, it was just equally as comfortable. Nothing was compromised at all. The transfer in Doha was very smooth and easy, I loved their beautiful and spacious lounge, truly a place to relax. At the end of the last flight, I came to the conclusion that, I have finally found an airlines which really deliver high quality service, and really liked after their premium customers.
 Flew Miami to Mumbai via Doha. There's little wonder why Qatar Airways keeps winning awards. From the check in process to inflight service to their premium lounges, I personally haven't experienced a better airline. The inflight experience is definitely what separates Qatar Airways from the competition. The cabin crew never stops working and it's the clichéd "service with a smile".
  New York JFK to Doha. Qatar Airways third party ground handlers at New York JFK are useless. They do not follow any boarding method, creating chaos on the ground.  On this flight they ran out of all menu options for the meal service. The arrival in Doha was great until reaching a 3 hour queue for passport control. As a transit passenger  connecting to another flight it’s a decent airport. Brand new aircraft was awesome, providing lots of room - definitely book this aircraft in future if flying Qatar.
  Doha to Houston. Qatar's business class service is always good, seats on 772LR could use updates, pillows in J class could be of better quality and the new PJ's don't come in XXL size. The ground handling service and baggage delivery at arrival in Houston is unacceptable, crew bags were delivered first followed by mostly economy class bags and then business class bags. I don't understand how difficult it is to take care of business class customers. Inflight product is great in the premium class. The lounge Qatar uses in Houston not so great and don't understand while they don't use the BA lounge.
  Doha to Athens in January 2017. Smooth transfer through Doha Hamad and on time departure. Only downside was use of transfer bus from gate to aircraft instead of a bridge. Food quality and flight entertainment were excellent, as well as choice of beverages (soft drinks, and juices - not interested in alcoholic drinks as I do not consume them!). During the flight a problem arose with the passenger at the front fully reclining his seat. In spite of my polite requests not to fully recline, he became rude and we started arguing. Cabin staff intervened, first with no success, as the guy became abusive towards me and my wife. The head of cabin crew then intervened successfully. We started talking and explained to me airline procedures relating to this sort of situation. At some stage he held a briefing with cabin crew on all flight events and relevant procedures as well as closing the day. I submitted a written commendation regarding cabin crew professionalism on handling of this sort of situation. Really amicable - well done!
  Doha to Dubai in January 2017 on business with my wife. Had a fairly smooth transfer at the Hamad International in Doha. The departure gate was a considerable distance from the gate of our arriving flight but signage was clear and using the walkways provided got us to the departure gate on time. Departure on time, welcoming staff quite clean aircraft for a short flight of about an hour. A very tasty chicken sandwich was provided and beverages. In-flight entertainment was on and could be used. I had my own headphones which I did use! A very pleasant airline I would recommend.
  Dubai to Doha in January 2017. Excellent ground services, punctual departure from assigned gate. Travelling with my wife on business. Only minus point was that there was no bridge to the aircraft - rather an old-style transfer bus. Staff was courteous on boarding. While on the aircraft, take off and landing were smooth - obviously the pilot was well trained! Food served was a delicious chicken sandwich , as well as beverages - enough considering the flight time is about an hour. In-flight entertainment was on and used my own earphones. Overall, a pleasant experience I would recommend to all!
 Flew TXL-DOH-ICN. Berlin to Seoul, December 23 Business Class, 3-hour layover at DOH International, Qatar Airways Al Mourjan Lounge. My first QA flight and they are now my airline of choice. TXL-DOH boarding was a bit disorganized but I put that down to the airport layout. TXL-DOH flight excellent, comfortable seats, entertainment system had many choices and worked perfectly, USB charging port, noise-cancelling headphones, provided with complementary pyjamas, amenity kit, 2 types of champagne, delicious meals, excellent service with a smile. Washrooms clean, new and decently-sized. Debarking and layover at DOH no problem, business lounge is easy to find and is 2 floors, buffet restaurant on 2nd floor, spacious, excellent business center, shower facilities, and quiet areas. DOH-ICN leg (8 hours) was even better, there were only 2 people in business class so we were treated like kings. Arrival on time, debarking was painless. Will definitely fly with them again.
  Milan to Jakarta via Doha in October 2017. We boarded the A330-300, staff with friendly smiles and got to our seat 23F which was a window seat, at the seat was IFE, and coat hook but no USB charger. This A330-300 was an older one. We took off on time, the meal service options were roast chicken with potatoes or beef stew, I chose the chicken which wasn't the best. I tried to sleep but due to cramped legroom I couldn't, so I took a walk, I got back to my seat and started to watch the IFE, but it was small but had a lot of options. We landed at Hammad International airport 30 minutes late, had a 2 hour layover before boarding the Boeing 787-8 to Jakarta, again the legroom was cramped but this time the IFE had a USB charger, so I could charge my phone. I woke up just before landing, we landed on time at Jakarta. 
  Munich to Male via Doha in economy class. I had a really great experience with Qatar Airways. The flight was on time and staff is exceptional with excellent service. The flight from Doha to Male was even better, because there were less people and I had the exit row on my own. Qatar Airways is definitely one of the best airlines.
  Maldives to Doha. It was an amazing experience in Qatar Airways business class! It was my first business class flight and everything was just excellent - the seats, the inflight entertainment,  food and beverages, and the staff service! They took care of everything and the flight was very relaxing and luxury. Wifi connection could be better though
  Melbourne to London via Doha. My partner and I had the best experience on our flight to London. We left Melbourne on Monday 18th Dec. Thanks to the staff at the check in desk, who was very welcoming, helpful and made our journey so much better by giving us exit row seats on the upper deck. My partner who is very tall loved the extra leg room. I just loved being upstairs where it was a bit quieter and definitely helped me settle my nerves with flying. We were able to sleep and on the second half of our journey the staff were very accommodating. Thank you Qatar Airways, looking forward to flying home.
  Doha to Philadelphia. After a 10 hour flight on the Boeing 777-300 I was looking forward to comparing both cabins. I have to say that even tho the A350 is one of my favorite aircrafts because of how much quieter it is and the external camera views that give you a sense of extra safety and peace of mind, I wish the seats were like the ones on the triple seven. The capsule made me feel a bit claustrophobic not to mention that you completely feel far apart from your traveling companion. On the Boeing 777 we were side by side, talking, eating and just loving the flight, on the A350 we felt apart so much so that because the cabin was not full we chose an isle and a window seat (the hallway was between us) but we felt closer. I think Qatar is aware of this and the new Q-Suites will fix this for couples or families that travel together. The tray table is located in a place that during the sleep portion of my 14 hour flight I found myself hitting my knees often. I felt shelled in and at times it was not comfortable. The A350 also has a mini stand in lounge that none used during the flight except for me to actually stretch during portions of the flight. The crew also looked as if they were working with less space than in the triple seven. Qatar’s service is the best in the industry so these things I point out just in comparison with the previous equipment flown. I also have to mention that because the same crew had double the passengers to serve they did not spend as much time with you as they did on my previous flight. One thing that is unique to Qatar is their business class affordability if they have the seats to sell the upgrade. On other airlines even if they have the seats they don’t give you the opportunity to pay for an upgrade. I booked this 14 hour flight coach and upgraded for $850.00 and trust me the superior service is worth it alone. Qatar has become my airline of choice for international travel.
  Manila to Doha. The best traveling experience I’ve ever had! Qatar airlines is bringing back the glamour and romance of air travel. This flight was 10 hours and we loved every minute of it. You can eat anything from the menu when you want and the crew’s attention to detail and genuine friendliness is what makes it all worth it. I prefer the Boeing 777 business cabin over the A350 because you can sit next to your traveling partner, there’s less people so the crew really take their time to serve you and attend to your every need plus in my opinion the seat feels a lot more roomier. The check in at the Manila airport was not done by Qatar staff and it was mediocre at best. It felt like I was checked in by robots. This is something that needs to improve. On flights under 10 hours you do not get the pajamas or bed turndown service but despite this I still think Qatar is worthy of their number 1 ranking and is currently the best airline, period.
  Melbourne to Larnaca via Doha. My departure flight from Melbourne was late, therefore my connecting flights were missed and had to be rebooked. This resulted in me spending a day and a half in Doha missing the beginning of my tour in Israel. When returning to Melbourne from Amman, Jordan, my ticket was not honoured. I was told that I was not listed, despite having my ticket with seat numbers allocated. I had to repurchase my ticket. On my return home, I  contacted my travel agent and Qatar Airways. I found out through my agent that the problem was caused by an administrative error on Qatar Airways part. Qatar Airways never acknowledged my emails and I was forced to claim through my insurance. Qatar Airways did not even have the courtesy of apologising for the error.
 Flew Jakarta to Paris via Doha. We arrived at Jakarta Soekarno Hatta International airport T2, where the check-in counter was crowded, my check in experience was slow and very cramped. We boarded our 787-8 on time with nice warm smiles, we took off on time. The legroom was very cramped and it was hard for me to fall asleep, dinner service started with delicious Middle eastern fried rice and mango juice was my drink selection. The IFE was pretty slow but had lots of options. We had a rough landing at Doha, Hamad international airport and had a 2 hour layover before our flight to Paris. We boarded the A380 with even friendlier smiles, we took off on time and had a beautiful scenery view of Doha during take off. Breakfast service started and the options were "French toast covered in vanilla sauce" or Omelette, I chose the French toast option and it again was delicious, this time I had coke. I started to watch the IFE again, but this time it was faster and had better options. Soon snack service started and the options were Chicken or Vegetarian puffs, I chose the chicken options and it was delicious again, this time I chose the drink of orange juice. We landed safely in Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) on time. The one thing I would like to highlight about Qatar is the amazing food.
  Doha to Paris in August 2017. No amenity kit in economy class. The flight attendants told me that amenities are only given on more than 9 hr duration flights and not on a 7 hr daytime flight. Nevertheless in most of the flight the attendants pulled down the window shade.  A pitiful breakfast was served and quality and quantity was miserable. Entertainment was average. A very dry snack was given before landing in Paris. 
 Flew from Doha to Manila. I would like to begin this review by saying that Qatar offers a superior product and an outstanding service in economy. The B777-300 is a real workhorse however in economy it feels a bit crowded, to be fair the flight was at capacity and having my first flight be on the A350 it was noticeable how much more crowded the 777 felt. The seat has plenty of legroom, the amenities, the food, the entertainment, and the service, are the best that I have experienced in economy on any airline. Overall Qatar has become my favorite airline because of their modern fleet, their amenities in economy, but overall their superior service.
 I would like to begin this review by agreeing that Qatar by far is the best airline I have ever flown. The experience on board in economy was the best I have ever had. In this review I have also attached some photos because there is not too much information about economy and you need to know that if you’re considering flying this airline please do so because you will not regret it. The seats are comfortable, the food is very good, the entertainment is also very good but the service is outstanding. The seats in coach have plenty of legroom and this aircraft with the interior LED lighting system, the larger than standard windows, and the quiet engines made this 10 hour flight from Philadelphia to Doha very comfortable. The only thing I must point out is that unfortunately the check in at the Philadelphia airport is not done by Qatar personnel instead by a company that does check in for multiple airlines therefore the experience is not so pleasant, in my opinion this is not fair for the airline because it makes the job of the crew on board more difficult. I will do a separate review about the airport in Doha with detailed information. I have to say that the A350 is probably the best aircraft in the market and Qatar by far the best airline in service, comfort, safety, and value for the money paid. My favorite feature of the A350 has to be the external camera views. Qatar is simply changing the way we fly and I’ll fly with them as often as I can and you should to.
  Muscat to Kochi via Doha.  I had a very pleasant flight throughout. Cabin Crews were there with a smile and attention to serve.The amenity kit only has socks, eye shade, and a lip balm, tooth brush and paste were stocked in the impecably cleaned toilet. I enjoyed the quality of service without any glitch or gripe! Looking forward to take my return flight to Muscat at the end of December this year and will post my review. 
  Bangkok to Ho Chi Minh City. Smooth transit in Bangkok, flight on time. They use airbridges and one just walk into (and off) the aircraft directly. QR Lounge in BKK has not yet opened after 6 months delay. Boarding smooth, greeted and allowed to move to a better seat. Food poor, a kind of coated hot sandwich offered. Upon complaining, they found an excellent, additional sandwich as alternative (Hindu-meal: salmon sandwich), which was good. Wine and drinks offered, only one brand of each – it used to be at least two of each. A new annoying charity collection on education has started and is announced for Minutes. Miles instated instantly.
 Flew Venice to Bangkok via Doha with Qatar Airways. As usual extraordinary service and food. On second leg the purser did not came by to greet by name, a flow in service level, the rest very very good! The seat on the A380 are very good a 1-2-1 configuration with plenty of privacy. The A330-200 was reconfigured with the new 2-2-2 configuration, which lacks a bit foot space in laying flat position (only first row has generous foot space). But nevertheless a decent product.
  My flight from Sydney to Doha (connecting to Munich) got cancelled due to technical issues after we were sitting in the airplane at the gate for 3 hours. I had to stand in line for another 3 hours to get a hotel for the night. Airport staff took my contact details and I was promised to get informed by the airline about the new departure time. As the airport staff ran out of taxi vouchers, we had to pay for our own taxi to the hotel and were promised to be payed back the next day. I was never informed by any Qatar staff about my new departure time. As the airplane was still broken the next day they had to rebook us on different flights. I had to spend 2,5 hours on the phone to a call centre agent in India who rebooked me on a different routing. At the airport I was not able to claim my taxi money back. After arriving with 20 hour delay in Munich I went to the Qatar Airways office to claim my taxi money back and was given a sheet of paper with an email address where I should write my claim to. I wrote my claim and never got an answer or any money back. After calling the Call centre again, I was told this time that the email address was wrong. So who knows if I will ever be reimbursed. Not even speaking about any other compensation. 
  Doha to Perth. It was a pleasant flight for us with this airline. Departure and arrival were on time. The food was above average and drinks were distributed in sufficient quantities. The seat distances corresponded to the international standard. Unfortunately, the airline has probably grown too fast. This is evident in the service of the on-board staff. Some appear, especially with the Asian flight attendants, uneffective and a better instruction or training would be desirable.
  Bangkok to London via Doha. Amazing service and helpful staff, very comfortable and I felt very safe for my first flight by myself. I would definitely recommend them to anyone travelling long distance as the entertaiment is great and the food is plentiful and tasty (particularly the dinners) there was a good variety.
  Auckland to Doha. We had to think about this flight because of the long flight time. Fortunately, in this aircraft slightly wider seats installed and the seat spacing was also increased. The onboard catering was very good and drinks were always distributed by the cabin staff. The plane made a modern and clean impression. As on another long-haul flight, the crew sometimes seemed overwhelmed and uncoordinated .
  Paris to Perth via Doha. We had a very mixed experience with Qatar Airways. The outward journey to Perth was excellent - the seating is very comfortable (better on the A380 than the 777), food was great, and there's a good range of entertainment. Changing planes in Doha was easy although a small issue was that the business class lounge doesn't have enough showers to meet the demand, and we had to wait quite a long time. However, our return journey from Sydney on 19 November was a disaster. We were on the cancelled flight that another passenger has posted about, and I can confirm that Qatar's handling of the situation was chaotic. Once finally off the plane, despite being almost at the front of the queue, we had to wait two hours before we got sent to a hotel. We were told we would be called or emailed with details of a new flight, but we weren't, and all through the next morning it was impossible to get through to their call centre in Australia, and all of the others seemed to be closed. Around lunchtime, another passenger I spoke to advised me to check under manage booking on the website; when I did, to my surprise I found I had been booked on a flight via Beijing in less than an hour, and never told. By the time we got to check in, we'd missed that. There were no Qatar staff at the airport, but eventually we did get through to a call centre, and finally got rerouted on Qantas to London. Qatar has made no effort to contact us since - I'd hope they'd at least refund what we spent on phone calls. I understand technical problems can happen, but an airline needs some sort of contingency plan, and a global 24/7 airline really needs a 24/7 call centre.
  Bangkok to Doha. I arrived at BKK 5 hours before my flight departure time and staff at the transfer counter said it was too early and did not want to give me my boarding pass. After I argued with her, she finally gave me my boarding pass.  Finally the lounge for us opened  before our boarding time. Fortunately, the inflight service was really nice, the cabin crews were all really friendly. Also the food service was really nice.
  London to Sydney via Doha went without hitch and I was happy with the seat, service, lounge etc and would happily have given a 9/10 rating for this airline. However, on the return from SYD to LHR there was a technical problem with the aircraft and after sitting in our seats for two hours the flight was cancelled due to the 11pm curfew at Sydney airport. Total chaos as we had to re-enter immigration, reclaim baggage and pass through customs eventually ending up in the check in area with only four staff members attempting to deal with all 450+ passengers and no separate queue for business and first class passengers. After waiting in line for two hours I was allocated a hotel room and told that Qatar Airways would contact me by telephone with details of onward journey. Finally arrived at hotel at 2.15am. By 10am the following morning I had heard nothing and was due to check out of hotel by 11, together with other passengers who had heard nothing. Numerous calls to the number given for the airline were unanswered and I eventually decided to check my booking online and found that I had been re-booked on a Qantas flight leaving that afternoon. I made my own way to the airport and checked in with no problem but to date, now ten days later, I have had no communication from Qatar Airways. I appreciate that there can be technical difficulties but the total lack of customer service is not what one expects from an airline.
  I flew from Doha to Guangzhou,  business class service has been downgraded comparing with last time I flew Qatar. The new sandwiches bar at Al Mourjan lounge is very good but the same moment they stopped the a la carte menu on the second floor restaurant, it is now a self service buffet, but previous restaurant was unique among all business class lounge.  Yes they offer a pre flight booking service, but this is not the book to cook service. Only selection is from the menu of the given flight. On my case, there was not any dinner served, only a sandwich selection, so I had sandwich on the lounge and then sandwich on the plane. Last time I flew a year ago, with the same flight, there was full dinner service. There were not pyjamas on my size and they gave me the biggest they had, a medium/large which I did not use. At least the personnel and the chief crew member were very good. Very efficient and provided very good service beyond expectations, so I have to congratulate them and the airline for their training.
  My husband and I recently had the pleasure of flying with Qatar Airways from Melb to Oslo and London to Melbourne with a 2 day stopover in Doha. I have enjoyed flying economy with Qatar before but this was the next level,  Business class was superb in every way, very comfortable seat and settings with ample storage. The service was excellent with a great selection of food and drinks available both to the seat and at the onboard cocktail bar. Very much looking forward to our next trip with Qatar Airways!
  Melbourne to Oslo via Doha, returning from London. I flew on 3 different aircraft with Qatar's business class product and all were consistently amazing. My wife and I flew on the A380 from Melbourne to Doha, the Boeing 787 onto Oslo and A350 out of London before connecting on the A380 back into Melbourne. The 787 was the smallest of Business class but this did not impact the standard or level of service and the seat layout of 1x2x11 is almost identical to the other aircraft. The A350 is about double the size and the A380 would be double that again. 3 out of our 4 flights were overnight and therefor we were able to utilise the lay flat beds, pajamas and noise cancelling headphones to their full advantage. The cabin crew are happy to convert your seat into a bed whilst you get changed in the bathroom. Branded amenity kits are provided. The a la carte menu on all flights was different and you have a wide range of beers and spirits along with a comprehensive international wine and champagne list. First and Business class passengers have the option of boarding first and can enjoy a glass of bubbles .. or two before take off whilst the rest of the plane boards. The A380 also offers the inflight lounge or bar that is for use of First and Business passengers -  it allows you a separate space to socialise. There is an impressive cocktail list and a variety of canapes and snacks available too. I can honestly say that I have never experienced such a comfortable flight and the 14 hours to Doha and further 6 hours to Europe went far too quickly. I didn't want to get off the plane. Onboard wifi is available too - 15 mins free or more at a cost if required. The entertainment on board was great and I didn't run out of things to watch or listen too.
  Doha to London. I have flown in Qatar business class cabin before but this is the first time I flew with the latest business class cabin in the Boeing 787. The seat is excellent with ample storage. I managed to take a nap in relatively 'short' long haul flight. The lighting and temperature were good enough to let me taking my nap. There were a lot of options for the IFE and the quality of screen was excellent. The food was also great as always. The service from the crews from the start of journey until the end of the trip was above average. I think they deserve to be the best airline.
  Barcelona to Hong Kong return via Doha in business class, and I decided to add my children to the trip (to travel in economy class) about two weeks before the departure. Qatar Airways website would not sell me a ticket for them, so I called their call centre and they were happy to sell me two return economy tickets for my 4 and 7 year old. On arrival at check in at Barcelona the staff realised that the tickets I had been sold for the children were illegal because the younger of the two children was under 5, which they told me is the minimum age on that airline for travel in a cabin separate from the parents. As the flight was leaving in two hours I was offered two alternatives: to downgrade myself to economy with the children with no compensation, or pay the airport upgrade price for them to travel with me in business, which I did because the staff at BCN believed Qatar would refund me as the mistake was theirs. On the return trip from HKG the check in staff had no problem with the children travelling in economy and me in business and the return trip was far easier. I was astounded by the mistakes and three months later, Qatar is still refusing me any refund or any form of compensation for the money I was forced, apparently needlessly, to spend on the outward journey so that the children could travel with me in business class. I am shocked at the inconsistency between its rules applied on check-in in Barcelona and Hong Kong outstations.
  Dallas to Colombo via Doha. Checking in at DFW the service of the ground crew was average they were taking customers pretty slow on economy class, The cabin and seats were clean and spacious (a little cold when I got in but got heated up quick). The flight attendant crew was super nice and friendly, mainly missed on board wifi. The inflight entertainment system was pretty decent, a bit slow.
  Singapore to Barcelona for a wine conference together with my partner. Flight departure from Singapore was delayed of 1 hour and soon as we landed in Doha, we were redirected to Prague and then from Prague to Barcelona, arriving with a 4 hour delay. My connection from Doha to Barcelona was rescheduled departing 1 hour 30 minutes earlier and nobody informed us.  My flight out of DOH was supposed to depart at 2.05am (we landed in DOH at 1am) so time to be short connected. We were not offered an upgrade, or use of the lounge to have a rest.
  Atlanta to Chennai return via Doha. Baggage check-in process was simple and easy.  Meal preferences was good - I'm a vegetarian and on the onward journey forgot to specify the meal preference but the crew had enough inventory to meat the requirements. Every seat was provided with a small plastic pouch/packet/goodie bag that consisted of a eye mask, pair of sock, toothpaste+brush, hand cream. This was very useful and effective. Entertainment options were good and current.  Online check-in wasn't easy; towards the end of the process, there is an option to email the boarding pass but this never worked for me.  It would have been good, as part of the online check-in, if the users reminded to specify the meal preferences, etc. I forgot to specify the meal preferences but thankfully the crew had enough of what I wanted. Seats were the worst part - poor legroom.  ATL to DOH leg was the worst (and the longest leg of the trip), comfort wise, I would rate as the worst. Luckily on the return leg (DOH-ATL) next two seats to mine was empty, so was able to stretch and sleep well. DOH-MAA vv seating was little better, think its a older plane; newer planes have worst seats. Food was ok dinner and lunch but minimalistic. There was no alert or reminder of upcoming trip via email or text, etc. 
  Doha to Budapest. I would like thank the Cabin Manager on my flight (QR199, 17 November) for her and the crew's exceptional service and caring kindness. Due to my diet regulations I wasn't supposed to consume most of the served food on the aircraft but I was offered some extra healthy snack without even asking for it. They were awesome, thank you.
 On the 14/15th November I travelled with Qatar Airways from Cape Town to London Heathrow, I was impressed with the service given on both flights. Both aircraft's were very clean including the toilets which quite often smell on some operator's. The service was very good for economy and cabin crew were great, they were all helpful and spent time to answer any questions in a friendly manor. I will definitely travel with Qatar again.
  We were flying from Paris to Doha in business class in the new Q-suite. You are immediately overwhelmed by the luxury this new suite has to offer. We fly as a couple and when we were seated they lowered the blind in between the two seats so you immediately felt that you had your own private compartment. We were receiving a refreshment drink to our choice before take off. After take-off you can close the doors on your suite and then it really feels like you are in a private room on an airplane. The seats have many modification possibilities, even a real double bed feature. My wife fell in love with the blankets who were especially designed for this new q-suite, they feel so nice. The in-flight entertainment set provides a very big bright screen and the latest hollywood blockbusters available. The cabin crew was so nice to us, they really made this trip even more special by the way they treated us. I had pre-ordered an asian vegetarian meal but the flight attendant looked through the menu with me to see if i changed my menu to what i preferred most. It was no problem to switch the desert and main course since it looked more appetising to me. The food was really good. Even with ordering some snacks they explained everything what was on the menu and recommended the size of portions i ordered. It was really an amazing experience and we never thought we were kinda disappointed that the 6:30hr flight was over.
  Bangkok to London via Doha. Check in at BKK was quick and easy offered fast track immigration and lounge access with my FF status QR use the Thai Airways lounge in satellite E which was packed so I didn't stay long. Boarding from E1 was organised and very early completed 30 min before departure time I was a bit sceptical using the 777-300ER because of the 3-4-3 seating my previous QR 777 flight was only 25% full so comfortable but again this flight was only 50% capacity so had 3 seats to myself 12A. Aircraft was clean and tidy and departed before scheduled departure time. Once airborne a pretty decent breakfast served along with drinks and a hot sandwich 1hr 30 min out of DOH. This 7hr flight was great I managed to sleep 4 hrs. I only had 45min to transfer at DOH although it was plenty of time with the flight to LHR departing from the next gate. My first time on an A350 and what a nice aircraft, lucky enough another half empty aircraft in economy so once again I had an exit row to myself 30K. Departed on time and again food served within an hour of departure, the flight went quickly, great service, food was good for economy. The aircraft is great, very comfortable. Arrived on time with bags waiting once through immigration. the best 2 economy flights I have had for many years. Clean aircraft, great crew, good food and great value for this trip. Still my favourite long haul airline.
  Durban to Stockholm via Doha. First flight Durban to Doha left on time. Crew were good, had a one hour stop in Johannesburg for refueling and picking up passengers. IFE is very good. Main meal was good although the portions these days are extremely small. All drinks including water are served in small plastic cups. Plenty of drink runs were made throughout the flight. Only disappointment was the breakfast, some sort of snack wrap which was awful. Stockholm to Durban was delayed once we were all on board and ready to take-off. Not the airlines fault, there was a medical problem with one of the passengers so we parked and medics were called. It meant we missed our connection in Doha, As we came off the plane there was our name on a board, the ground crew had our new boarding passes and vouchers for a hotel, very officiant! Beautiful 5 star hotel (even for economy class passengers) far better than the one Emirates uses in Dubai. Very generous meal allowance of $180 per person, couldn't even spend it all. I have flown with all three Gulf airlines and have to say Qatar Airways is by a long mile the best. PS - $380 return Durban / Stockholm on a 24 hour special, unbelievable.
  Delhi to London via Doha. The return flight from DEL to DOH was uneventful, mainly due to the fact I slept most of the way. With a 3.45 departure I could not believe ear plugs had been removed from the wash bag to be replaced by a lip balm. In DOH I was told that even with a First ticket you could not take a guest with you, even though he was on a business ticket. A380 back to LHR, the difference between Qatar’s business and first is the seat. The cabin was spacious and the seat did make a comfortable bed, but no pjamas offered and no mattress cover, only a meager thin blanket con this daytime flight. Food was the same as business , nothing special. Free wifi provided was very patchy. Took a trip to the bar to see it as had been told was worth a look, and it was but very busy, so retreated back to my seat. Crew on this flight were a delight, CSD was professional but friendly and the other crew were a joy! Much better standard than on the way out. Personally I don’t think first class is worth the price with Qatar difference with in business.
  Kiev to Doha. Plane took off on time and landed 20 minutes prior schedule. Great service in the cabin and on the ground. Had 3 available food options. Comfortable seats. Best choice for me out of many airlines. I like their will to help passengers, to personalize customer service. 
  Flew Doha to Hong Kong. Food: 3 options available for breakfast and dinner. Dishes are hot and tasty. Good beverages selection. Service: best customer service, personalized assistance. Seats configuration of economy class on Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner not the best but at least it’s not cramped like on big airlines of Europe or Asia. At the end of the day you get what you paid for, so if you want better food options, a seat like a sofa at your home or you need someone to put pillow under your head - choose business or first class accordingly. I’m 100% happy with what they offered and what I had because many similar airlines doesn’t have even half of what Qatar Airways has.
  Flew Paris CDG to Doha. The blockade has forced me back into Qatar Airways - thank you blockade! These A350s are wonderful, better in my view as a passenger than the A380s. Crew are wonderful. Frankly I think Qatar is trying even harder and it shows, really wonderful aircraft, crew and service.
  Sydney to Amsterdam via Doha.  The flight was good although food not especially from Doha to Amsterdam which was terrible (a smaller plane), then on the flight back to Australia on A380 the food was bad as well - the breakfast I chose was cream scrambled eggs - the first time food was cold so the air hostess brought another plate which was uncooked and not eaten, and coffee came out black and cold - orange juice warm and no ice. The staff were lovely but either did not have the training or did not understand to know what I was complaining about. 
  Copenhagen to Male via Doha. The business class seat in the middle is very exposed on the 787, however the A350 was a much nicer cabin experience, even though the central overhead lockers are removed, the A350 seemed my more spacious and airy. Food was nothing exceptional, dine on demand is fine in business, however if your  to sleep and the passenger opposite decides at 2am to eat, you’ll be disturbed. The pyjamas were a lovely touch, but the rest of the bedding was really poor, think blankets and lumpy pillows. Service out of CPH was rushed and the crew seemed harangued, however on the MLE sector it was much improved,  the cabin was half full. I think Qatar crews lack the finesse and professionalism of Singapore Airlines, quite disappointed for my first time with QR.
  Qatar Airways is one of the best airlines I have ever flown with. The service onboard is fabulous. However on this flight to Paris - Bangkok - Doha and then Doha - Paris, I noticed a few things which should be improved. Check-in in Bangkok could be better and more classy. Business check-in was a bit too laid back. In Bangkok, Qatar uses Thai Airways Business lounge. It is a great lounge but some privileges are not accessible to Qatar business class passengers, massages for instance. Onboard, it was great however the selection of wines was better a few years ago. For instance, Pol Roger rosé was a better Champagne than Lanson.
  London Heathrow to Doha. Very good. Check in opened early. No queue. Very pleasant staff. Only 150 pax so three seats each. Superb service throughout. Aircraft was delayed due to air traffic at LHR. But arrived on time. Only disappointment was the food. Not up to the normal Qatar standards. But cabin crew were very attentive. Its the attitude of the crew that make a real difference. Overall a very pleasant experience.
  Bangkok to Atlanta via Doha. I had 6 meals on this trip, sampled the first, picked at the second and third and just looked at the rest to see if there were any positive changes. Only one time did the attendant came by to pick up used cups, napkins. Since I had a window seat, I did not feel like squeezing past the aisle seat and walking my garbage down to the galley. They were good about handing out water - just not about collecting it. A340 had the shortest legroom I have experienced, my seat back was short and uncomfortable and the bathroom nearest me ran out of water early into the flight. I needed Wi-Fi from DOH to ATL but they did not offer any. 
  Manchester to Auckland via Doha legs seemed to be older planes, with seats in pairs rather than singles on an angle. Food was okay. I was looking forward to a cold beer but only 2 options of lager which is my last resort. The staff were all very attentive. Return flight Auckland to Doha had same pod set up which was again disappointing. The Doha to MAN leg actually had a newer plane, quieter and with individual pods - significantly better all round. I'm quite tech savvy but their in flight viewing control system remained a mystery to me, I managed to watch stuff but it wasn't particularly intuitive. On the last leg on the newer plane I had the problem of not being able to turn the headphone volume down enough, changing headphone set made no difference. Ended up having to have the headphone half open on my ears to reduce the volume. No one else seemed to have an issue. 
  Flew London Heathrow to Male via Doha. I went to the Maldives on my honeymoon and flying with Qatar Airways felt like a honeymoon of its own. The plane comfort is unbelievable, the staff were helpful and always had a smile. The food was surprisingly good and tasty. There was a variety of TV series and movies available. I wasn’t able to connect to the WiFi unfortunately, but honestly I didn’t really need it. 
  London to Tokyo via Doha. Checked in on line and choose seat a for both myself and my partner, bag drop at LHR T4 quick and polite security was very quick at 11am on a Thursday morning, was given access to the Skyteam lounge with my oneworld status? Qatar never offer there own lounge to FF but I guess it is advised in the rules. Anyway Skyteam lounge is pretty comfortable so fine. Boarded through gate A6 it was all very quick on to a newish clean A380 seats 31A & 31B on the upper deck.. Departed on time the flight wasn't full so a pretty nice atmosphere on board. Lunch served shortly after airborne was actually very nice lots of drinks offered during the flight with a hot sandwich tra coffee served about an hour before arrival. Had 3 hours in Doha which was a pleasant time visiting the shops onyx lounge and a walk around. Boarding the DOH-NRT flight from D22 via a bus however it wasn't too bad. The aircraft was spotless and strangely almost empty so while we had assigned seats we actually sat where we wanted with all but about 20 seats in the last cabin almost free. Departed on time again once airborne breakfast served quickly. I then slept across 4 seats for 6 hours once awake was offered coffee before I guess pre landing dinner which was okay but not as good as the previous flight. Landed on time after 9hrs 30min the whole trip was longer but much better than my usual BA. I have used QR about 20 times now in both business & economy. Economy upper deck on the A380 is difficult to beat. My first time on the 777-300ER with 3-4-3 seating and pleased it was pretty empty because I can imagine it would be pretty cramped when full.
  Flew Manchester to Seoul via Doha. As a 5-star airline I expected high things from Qatar Airways. Whilst my experience was perfectly adequate, I wasn't overwhelmed. The terminal they use at Manchester Airport couldn't be further from the train station, and Economy check-in was pretty average. Flight and food were fine. Staff quite attentive. Doha Airport looked fantastic but organisationally it was a bit haphazard. Having also flown to Seoul with Lufthansa from Manchester and with British Airways from Leeds Bradford, my only reason to choose Qatar in future would be a cheaper fare.
  The standard of Qatar Airways has dropped. On this trip I enjoyed the older 777 layout and entertainment system over the so called state of the art 787-8 which had hard seats that hurt my shoulder with very little privacy. The entertainment system on the outbound flight was ok but on the 787 was very difficult to operate. Food on both flights was less than average, the encrusted chicken tasted awful and even worse was my choice of appetizer on the return flight, the Arabic Mezze which I missed was dropped by the cabin attendant and it was the last one. I had to miss that and even the ice cream was out, I just did not know what I had paid for.
  Baku to Muscat via Doha. My flight Baku to Doha at 3:30AM has been cancelled because of technical issues and I was late for my next flight from Doha to Muscat. QA booked me on another flight which departs 12 hour later (even without my approval). Their staff informed me about that just 3.5 hours before original flight departure and that they are can't book me on other airlines flight. Even after I spoke with Duty Officer and explained I need to be at work tomorrow, they didn't help. My original tickets were for Business Class from Baku and First Class from Doha, but when I came to Airport for a flight booked for me, staff issued me Economy Class ticket for my flight from Doha. When I asked why, they said the QA system now shows Economy Class. It took me some time to prove that my original cancelled flight was for First class. I decided to speak with the Manager in Baku airport and she advised me to write to Customer Care.  Senior Customer Care Officer said that the only thing they can do for me is issue a USD250 voucher to use in the future and this is the only option she can give me. 
  Tehran to Perth via Doha. I had a flight by Qatar Airways  recently and fortunately it had done safely as conveniently. But the problem I faced with was the delay of Qatari flight, which caused I lost my next flight. Although the hospitality of Qatar Airways is unique and appreciable, I lost one day of my commitment. The seafood option was requested online but this was stated as not being a meal plan offered.
  Munich to Doha. Qatar are using a leased aircraft from LATAM on this flight. The seat layout is 2-2-2 instead of 1-2-1. The entertainment system proved slow/inconvenient and is not comparable to Qatar's own aircraft. The service was very slow and partially disorganized. This resulted e.g. in no drinks being served together with the meal. They have cut down on the menu choices compared to previous flights. Both the starter as well as the main course were tasteless.  All in all, this was a huge disappointment.
  Flew Chennai to New York JFK via Doha. Business class is really great especially on the Doha to New York Sector. Almost every few seats have a dedicated stewardess who pampers you all throughout the 12-13 hours. My biggest disappointment was they overbooked the flight from Doha to Chennai and upgraded several Economy passengers to Business. I have no worries with that and have been lucky myself several times. However, Qatar has to be sensitive to Business travellers who prefer to travel alongside other serious business travellers and not passengers who are noisy and get tipsy halfway through the flight. Will stop flying Business on Qatar if they don't profile passengers before upgrading them to higher class of travel.
  Johannesburg to Chicago via Doha. Qatar Airways went beyond expectations when dealing with my luggage enroute to South Africa from Toronto with a transfer in Philly. Upon my arrival in Doha, I was called to the gate desk so they could ensure my luggage went on the plane with me. I've never experienced this before with any other airline. On my return overnight flight back from JoBurg, I accidentally left a package in the overhead bin. The manager at the transfer desk personally arranged for that package to be brought immediately from the plane, which was parked far away from the actual terminal building, to me so I could take it on my connecting flight to Chicago. My connection was tight but they made it happen... AND changed my seat allocation so I could have 3 seat empty seats for my transatlantic flight. Every interaction I had during my long 28+hour journeys was exemplary service. Qatar wins my vote hand down.
  Denpasar to London via Doha. I booked two round trips with Qatar Airways, one for Sept 25 to October 23rd and one for November 5th to Dec 17th. We are Gold Privilege members (only relevant for the lack of care shown for a frequent business class traveller). On October 22nd, the day before my flight, I went online to on Qatar's website to check my seat selection was still valid. I hadn't received any notifications by text, email or via the Qatar app on my phone, yet online, there was a warning box showing that my itinerary had been changed. I had been bumped from the quick connection (1 hour 10m) in Doha onto a flight which left an hour and a half later. My arrival time at LHR would now be 10pm instead of 8.25pm; a real inconvenience for me. As it was Sunday afternoon in Bali, there was no office open to call and ask why the change. I tried the London and Doha offices; both were closed. The flight I had been bumped off was still being advertised online as being available to book, but I could do nothing, so I spent an hour making arrangements involving costly calls to the UK from Bali. I checked in early the next day and asked at the desk to put me back on the original flight. At first, the desk staff said they could not help me and I'd have to speak to the transfer desk in Doha, but once the question of which flight my bag would be checked to, came up (with me refusing to allow it to be on the later flight),  they were able to check me on to the earlier flight. I lost all my seat selections with a change of aircraft, and ended up on the undesirable window seats on both legs of the 777-300. The stewardess told me that the aircraft was changed 3 weeks before the flight; again, there was no notification about the change and that my allocated seats were no longer available. Neither of my two legs had internet on board. My arrival in Doha was delayed by half an hour so I had 40 minutes, along with 21 other passengers, to get to the next flight. We made it easily; however, I deeply regret getting onboard for the following: The mystery of being bumped was solved; much of the aircraft's business class section was occupied by a local family along with their appallingly behaved children of various ages. For 7 hours, non-stop, we were bombarded by toddlers running around or screaming to each other across rows of seats, by their staff running in and out of economy trying to control the children, by people swapping seats constantly and by members of the family bringing more toddlers and babies from other cabins to socialise. This wasn't a business class experience; it was being in a creche for a day. The cabin crew were beside themselves with trying to control the situation.  A complaint raised yesterday received a reply quoting terms and conditions only, so we will take our business elsewhere.
  Flew Qatar Airways from Bangkok to Doha. Brand new plane, nice seat and great IFE. Its always better to fly on a new plane and the 787 is one of the best plane nowadays. Many movies and a lot of games available on the IFE. We had 2 meals, first a 3 course meal and 1 hour before landing: 1 hot sandwich and a cake.
  Check-in at Manchester was excellent, although I'd pre-selected my seat I was offered and accepted a change to a seat in the first row with additional legroom. Qatar use the Escape lounges at Manchester which now has a separate business lounge with hot meal options. The flight was 40 minutes late departing from Manchester and as I only had one hour transit in Doha I was concerned about getting my connection, the cabin crew were very supportive and kept checking the likely arrival time and explained if I missed my flight there was another Bangkok flight not long afterwards, they found out the gate number of my flight and made sure I was the first person off the aircraft. Flight was excellent, seats comfortable even for passengers of my height I've always considered the food on Qatar to be the best with lots of choice a decent choice of entertainment on the video channels. I did make my connection but it was a bit tight. Outgoing flights were on  A330 / A340 while returning aircraft's were Boeing 777 / 787. In my opinion little to choose between them although the 787 has the best seating 1x2x1, all aircraft's had been changed since I first booked, not a huge problem apart from having to forever change your preferred seat on the Qatar website. Being able to pre-order your main meal in advance was new although it's only on flights from Doha at present. Outstanding flight crews on all four flights, friendly and attentive to your needs a credit to Qatar Airways. Due to short transit time didn't have time to visit the business class lounge at Hamad International Airport although I did manage a short time there on my flight home. Similar experience at Bangkok, early check-in for flights and fast track through passport control the new Qatar lounge isn't open yet so still using one or other of two Thai Airways lounge noticed they've removed the TV screen since me previous visit which only ever had CNN. Still the world's best airline by far with the finest staff on the ground and in the air.
  I flew from Salalah, Oman to Frankfurt via Doha with Qatar Airways. The flight to Doha was operated with a A320. It was a very empty flight. There was no entertainment system on board but you had 15 min of free WiFi. They served very tasty food and drinks. The seat wasn't so comfortable because you didnt have much space. The transfer at Hamad Airport was fast. The flight to Frankfurt was operated with a A350-900 from LATAM Airlines. The Services was great but the snack and the breakfast was only okay. There was no WiFi and the entertainment system is not as good as on Qatar Airways own aircrafts. The seats were good and you had enough legroom including a footrest. So all in all it was two good flights but I was disappointed that the LATAM aircraft was not as comfortable as Qatar's A350.
  I booked Qatar Airways to Male and had a boat transfer from Male to an island. But the flight got delayed by 3 hours due to late aircraft arrival and I missed my boat transfer. Qatar Airways ground agents told me to book a hotel in Male and take the next day transfer and get reimbursed the fees. I had to stay an extra night in Male due to this delay it made sense to me that Qatar Airways will pay the additional cost. So I submitted the hotel receipt to Qatar Airways but the customer service agent replied that they will not reimburse the additional cost incurred due to this delay. This is unacceptable as I followed what their agent told me to do. 
  Athens to Doha. Midday flight arriving late afternoon. Flight duration of 4 hours 10 minutes. Departed with a delay of approximately 20 minutes. The flight crew were very polite and attentive. The food offered was tasty and cutlery was of staineless steel. Check in at Athens and boarding at the gate were seamless. At arrival in DOH they speeded up the security process for transferring passengers to QR flight to DWC, as the original 20 minute delay from Athens was not entirely covered and there was a bus transfer at DOH (taking more time than a bridge). Overall, an airline offering very good service!
  Hong Kong to London via Doha. Business travellers be warned that you may get aircraft changes prior to the flight. For me this meant I've flown 3 of 4 sectors on their oldest business class set up, not what I expected. On board service was hit and miss while the lounge was a big disapointment, not much in the way of food.
  Sydney to London via Doha. Unfortunately there were quite a number of screaming children in our vicinity on the 15 hour flight to Doha, which made sleep difficult. That's not the airline's fault of course, and the cabin crew did an excellent job. Food was very good and drinks were brought around very frequently throughout the flight. Child meal was a hit with our daughter. Large and clear IFE screens. Very good selection of movies and tv shows. Seats in economy are excellent: wider than any economy seat I've seen and good legroom. The cabin crew on the Doha to London were exceptional. Our daughter suffered a bout of travel sickness and the crew were extremely helpful and went out of their way to cheer her up. Excellent flights with an excellent airline.
 QR 909 SYD-DOH Sep 24 and QR 3 DOH-LHR 25. Unfortunately there were quite a number of screaming children in our vicinity on the 15 hour flight to Doha, which made sleeping difficult. That's not the airline's fault of course, and the cabin crew did an excellent job. Food was very good and drinks were brought around very frequently throughout the flight. Child meal was a hit with our daughter. Large and clear IFE screens. Very good selection of movies and tv shows. Seats in economy are excellent: Wider than any economy seat I've seen and good legroom. The cabin crew on the DOH-LHR sector were exceptional. Our daughter suffered a bout of travel sickness and the crew were extremely helpful and went out of their way to cheer her up. Excellent flights with an excellent airline.
  Sofia to Hong Kong via Doha. I had the worst experience with staff at Doha Airport. I chose a flight with a longer transit in between, so I could see Doha with a complimentary tour of Doha. I landed just in time to make it to their evening tour, which is the last tour of the day. I had about 45 min before the tour starts, so as soon as I landed, I quickly made my way to the immigration, and headed out. When I was out, I was looking for the location of the desk, where it says it’s at concourse B. I managed to find WH Smith, but there was no desk close by. I went to the information desk and asked where to find this tour, the lady told me it’s before immigration. I know I was running out of time, it wouldn’t make sense for me to go back to the other side and come back out again. Therefore I asked the lady if she could call the tour desk for me, to let them know I was waiting outside. The lady was not helpful at all, she was unwilling to call for me. I asked her what option do I have if I want to join the tour, she said I have to go back in to join the tour. So I followed her advice and went back in. Before I went back in, I spoke to 2 other staff, I told them the reason I was out, and the reason I had to go back inside, they just said ‘ok’ and pointed towards the security and immigration to me. I wanted to make sure I can actually go back inside and come back out again afterwards. Since 2 people I’ve asked said ok, I thought it would be ok. By the time I got back in, I finally found his desk for the tour. There was a closed sign at the desk, but I went to speak to the lady there, she told me I was too late, they cannot add me to the tour group any more.  She told me to come back the next day. My connecting flight was early morning, I would be gone by then!  I saw an information desk about Doha, so I went over, and asked for some information if I wanted to go out myself (the only helpful and friendly guy I’ve spoken to during my time at the Doha Airport!) I’ve got all the information I need, including a map, so I was ready to go through immigration to head out again on my own this time. However, immigration did not let me through, they said I already used my one time visa, so I can’t go out again. 
  Hanoi to Bangkok return in economy on 18 and 19th October. Flights on time. Faultless check-in and good lounges offered in HAN and BKK. Good service onboard with professional staff. Food ridiculous: the sandwiches they serve are sugarish, and coated with a shiny layer to prevent them to dry out. Drinks plenty, however, only 1 brand of beer, red, and white were offered – it used to be at least two choices of each. A good product, despite it is significantly slowly deteriorating. Luggage allowance great. Frequent Flyers acknowledged but now reductions in lounge access has begun. New lounge in BKK not yet opened after months of delay.
  London to Colombo via Doha. British Airways and Qatar Airways are in Oneworld, but they are world's apart. Having flown BA Business numerous times, they are disappointing - BA lounges (even first class) are seriously third class, contrast this with my first flight on Qatar Airways, and it was literally amazing. Qatar Airways London lounge is first rate, seriously good food, table clothes, table service, friendly professional staff and they even have magazines you want to read. When you get on the flight to Doha, the cabin is awesome - Q class, means you essentially have small area to yourself. Food on the plane on a par with Emirates, and the whole flight and approach of the staff really good. I am shortly flying business on BA to Toronto, I will report back on it, but am not optimistic. I have been spoilt by Qatar Airways! The thing they need to improve is their entertainment.
  Muscat to London via Doha. This was a smooth experience. The flight from Doha to London was spacious - plenty of leg room etc (Muscat to Doha wasn't quite as comfortable but the flight was much shorter). The food was nice, cabin crew were helpful and the entertainment system was good. We had a short transfer and there was someone to meet us as we disembarked from Doha who then took us through the airport to our London flight.
  Flew Qatar Airways from Hong Kong to Doha. I slept well on empty seats. Quality of food didn’t disappoint. We had dinner and brunch served with many rounds of drinks in between. Exceptional service on board and on the ground. Pillow, blancket, lip balm, eye mask, socks, etc provided.
  Flew Qatar Airways from Doha to Kiev. 5 hour flight in the morning. Took off on time, landed 40 min prior to schedule. Only had 1 meals. Seats were comfortable for legs (I’m tall guy). Screens are small but this aircraft has WiFi connection. Service as always exceptional! Blanket and pillows provided, but other things no, since it’s not a long haul flight.
  Doha to Kochi, the fare was pretty steep,  but Qatar Airways was just QR50 dearer than Jet Airways, so chose to travel in the Premium category flight. They had an offer for 40Kgs which was more than any carrier offered me at that point of time, for hand baggage, they allowed additional 3 bags of Duty free materials, I got that verified with them before hand. Ground service staff were quick and really very good and pretty understanding as well. In-flight service was awesome 2-4-2 seating arrangement. Food was good, seats had good legroom, seats were pretty comfy, good in-flight entertainment system. Loved the experience.
  Doha to Ahmedabad. Considering it was a three hour flight, it was quite comfortable. Seats were comfortable for a short haul. Food was as good as what I got on longer haul. Luggage arrived safely and quickly except for one broken lock. 
  Dallas Ft Worth to Doha. They have changed to Airbus plane. Flight attendants were overworked. My drink orders were forgotten, food was too hot or cold, they had ran out of karaoke tea. They changed the pajamas they serve.  I complained to my flight attendant but no supervisor approached me. This plane is different from the Boeing 777 and this seems to have affected the experience. Toilet was dirty. The TV's are slanted to where they throw a lot of light. Even after I told the flight attendant that I will probably move to another airline, there was little reaction. She was a little dazed but seemed to have gotten similar reaction in the past. No one at the airport was very responsive either.
  Melbourne to Stockholm via Doha. After an hour delay on the ground in Melbourne we finally took off resulting in us having an hour to swap planes in Doha, which is fine. Doha is very easy to navigate and the staff makes every effort to speed you through the security check. Once we landed in Stockholm we went to collect our luggage however after waiting for half an hour it was announced om the speakers that our luggage was lost. We rushed to get this sorted as we were on our way to a wedding, QR said they'd do everything they could to deliver the luggage by the morning, however nothing ever arrived, we ended up missing the wedding, with no change of clothes and still no information about compensation. It is now a week later and we still don't have our luggage, a missed wedding and a ruined holiday spent worrying and on the phone without any help or contact from Qatar Airways. we have been given so many numbers and email addresses however no one ever responds and when you get in touch with customer service they just refer you to ground staff instead of giving any help. 
  Manchester to Doha and return. Originally booked this flight for the Boeing 787 operating it but about 4 weeks before departure noticed that it was now an A330, no problem as I like the A330. Check in at Manchester was very good, the ladies on Business class were fast and very funny and it was an enjoyable experience. The business class lounge was a disappointment. The plane had the new style seats fitted - in my opinion these are not as good as the old seats. Sitting in the window seat with the passenger in the aisle seat fully reclined, it needs mountaineering skills to get to the aisle. Also, the window seat has very restricted room for your feet when fully reclined. The IFE was OK but I struggled to find anything that I really wanted to watch. By far the worst aspect (and this applies to Emirates A380 too) was the almost total lack of room for your elbows, you are very restricted. The cabin service on the outbound flight was superb, the food was good and the provision of non alcoholic Champagne is very welcome to any teetotallers travelling. On the return journey the check in was superb and very efficient. The business class lounge was crowded and there was a queue for the toilets but they were kept clean. The plane was again fitted with the new seating arrangements and again I prefer the old style but the general cabin appearance gives a feeling of space. Cabin service again was very good and you got the feeling that nothing was too much trouble. Food was OK and was well presented. On both flights, the toilets were kept very clean and stocked with toothbrushes and toiletries. All in all a totally different experience from the last time I travelled with Qatar, the cabin crew were exceptionally good.
  Doha to Bali and return. Outward journey was very good, as soon as we were seated FA came round with pyjamas, a nice touch but unfortunately too small for me. Cabin service was excellent with the dine on demand feature welcome, we had eaten in Doha airport so weren't too hungry on the way out. Seats were comfortable with room to get round the fully reclined seat of neighbouring passenger. Plenty of leg and arm room and the food and drink on offer was good. Managed to sleep for part of the journey and enjoyed the flight. The return journey was also very good with excellent service from the cabin services director. Due to feeling unwell I did not take any food but was kept well supplied with water by the cabin crew. On both flights the toilets were kept very clean and well stocked. Both flights departed on time, although when leaving Bali we were delayed at the runway access for 20 minutes waiting for an incoming flight. On this experience I would recommend Qatar Airways.
  Stockholm to Singapore via Doha. Checking at Stockholm at a deserted and eerily quiet Terminal 5 at Stockholm Airport. A fragile sticker for my suitcase could not be supplied by the not so friendly check in agent. Lounge at Stockholm very basic with poor choice of Food and Drinks. Flight was good as always on Qatar Airways. Great personalized service, decent food, great seat and good IFE. Transfer at Doha airport was chaos at security check. Speak lane for priority pax could not be found. Qatars lounge is soulless. it was so crowded at 7 am, the waiting time for a shower was about an hour, and lines at the toilets about 15 minutes. I left after a few minutes since waiting at the gate was more relaxing. Flight to Singapore was great on a spanking new A350, lot more quiet and less dry than the Boeing 787 on the previous flight. Service was as always topnotch. Qatar is great in the air, but Doha airport is lacking basic facilities at its business class lounge, and has unorganized security checks for transit pax. I
  Copenhagen to Ho Chi Minh City via Doha. Flights faultless and on time. Check-in efficient. Travelled 1-way economy, previously denied upgrade to business as “no seats” available. However, they try to sell the business seats or upgrade for cash until last day. Eventually, at check-in, I upgraded to business class for miles (“Q-credits”). This was easy, and I had only to wait 5 Minutes until the flight manager could confirm that the appropriate food could be availed within this short notice of only 2½ hours. It worked out and I signed a form to deduct Q-credits from my FFP programme. In Copenhagen QR uses Aspire, a third party lounge, one of the poorest lounges – no hot food, poor drinks etc. Boarding was easy and quick. At seat, pre-departure soft drinks were drink provided. No pre-departure champagne offered – only for CPH and CDG in Europe champagne is not served pre-departure? Food was so, so and tasteless. Drinks and wine list were excellent, served upon take off with hot nuts and hot towels. New onboard is an Italian beer Peroni, which is quite good and tasty. Guinness, Stella Artois, and Corona have gone. The safety video has improved. The annoying charity collections on Educate a Child goes on, I am puzzled by this. Flight 75% full, in business 7 passengers. Good 4-star Hotel provided free of charge in Doha while waiting in transit (20 hours). This is not available for the very cheapest fares. Al Mourjan lounge in Doha always deliver. I sat in the champagne bar and ordered fish sandwich from the remote sandwich-café. They brought it within 5 Minutes despite the distance is 400 meters. Well done. The bartenders did not have their best day, but the visitors made up for it. I don’t like that some visitors paid tips to lounge staff. DOH-SGN: again upgraded using Q-credits two hours before departure: I did so as I realised that any seatblock would be impossible with only 10 vacant seats left in economy. Flight 95% full. Good FA team onboard, I was treated like a king, got double of everything (2 seats, 2 amenity kits, 2 pyjamas). Crew were very joyful, joking, focused, and in good shape – worked hard throughout the flight. Luggage delivered on the belt in Saigon within a few Minutes. FFP Miles doubled due to promotion period and were inserted instantly.
  Auckland to Dublin via Doha. Highly recommend this airline, the crew, plane, food, seat, entertainment, airport was all top class. We were able to request emergency exit on all four flights and given that both my partner and I are tall that is a major bonus. I paid extra to upgrade on the Doha to Auckland return flight and that was a whole other top class experience. New Zealand to Europe is a long flight but the cabin crew attendance with liquids and food and the whole series of Big Little Lies made the time fly on by.
  Doha to Karachi. It was my first experience with Qatar Airways. I did online check-in and arrived at the airport before 2 hours. When I reached to Airport and I had asked from the Airport Customer Service Staff for baggage drop facilities to drop my bag. Finally I reached to check-in counter and staff checked-in my baggage. I had asked him about the gate number and he replied to me gate is not allocated yet. I went to food court for coffee and I did not receive any notification from check-in staff, suddenly I saw the gate number on information screen and gate number was final call. I did not miss my flight. I rushed to the gate and I went to aircraft along with other passengers by bus instead of aero bridge. Inflight service and cabin crew was good also meal and the best part was announcement in 3 languages English, Arabic and Pakistani Urdu. Our Flight Director was from Pakistan and she was very pleasant. 
  Our flight from Sydney to Madrid via Doha was delayed by 9 hours. We were not informed until we arrived to check in. Stood in line for 3 hours only to be turned away. No explanation or apology. Returned 9 hours later at 3:30am. Had to spend $480 on taxi fares. Arrived in Doha, delay meant we missed our connecting flight so we had to spend a day in Qatar. Waited in line for another hour while accommodation was arranged. They put us in the Best Western which was a nightmarish slum. Told not to leave the hotel. I wanted my expenses to be reimbursed ie. taxi fares and missed hotel accommodation in Madrid. Called Qatar's customer help line on hold for 40 minutes then hung up on twice. I've tried emailing and no reply.
  New York JFK to Doha. They still have a 2-2-2 seating configuration in this Boeing 777 business class cabin with no partitions for privacy.  With all seats in the cabin taken, it felt hot and claustrophobic. Flight attendants were responsive and polite. An impressive large selection of movies available and I was able to catch up on some old Hitchcock classics. The food was unmemorable and the lamb dish was salty, the meat chewy. With meals available any time, flight attendants scurried around during much of the flight laying table cloth and cutlery, serving multi course meals and then clearing the table. Comfortable 180 degree seats with massage features. Nice hard shell amenities kit. Ample overhead stow space though hardly any space around your seat to keep your documents, personal electronic device, reading material or eye glasses. Flight was on schedule and that enabled me to make a stress free onward connection.
  Auckland to Athens via Doha. You get what you pay for in economy class, a cheap ticket, mediocre experience. The cabin and ground staff were very nice and helpful. There were several meal options per flight (move snacks, main meal, ice cream snack etc). The toilets and cabin were kept clean and lots of trays of water were served. The leg room was very problematic for me. On the leg from Auckland to Doha the air conditioning was not functioning properly for several hours making it uncomfortably warm during a very long bout of turbulence. From Athens to Doha the meal service was excruciatingly slow and the main meal was inedible. Our row were given the last of three meal choices (Chicken) as they had run out of everything else. The two people next to me complained and they somehow found a pasta and beef meal for them. All of us could not eat more than one fork full of our meals as they were completely dry and overcooked, and tasteless. The media service on the shorter legs was non existent. On the Doha to Auckland routes was okay as long as you don't mind having to see the same adverts in front of every media offering - aimed at residents of Doha. Movies were oddly curated.  The staff are lovely but is economy class a 5 star experience, no.
  Another wonderful experience with Qatar Airways, upgraded to First Class from Melbourne to Doha on the A380. Very attentive flight attendants, with delicious food and wine served. The bathroom is a whole other level of luxury with plenty of space and hidden drawers for the amenities. The cabin itself is small and very private, and extremely comfortable. Business class Doha to Helsinki on the smaller A321, once again very attentive service by the flight attendants on this sector and Athens to Doha and Doha to Melbourne. Seats ok on the A321, could be improved. Flew business class on the A330 from Athens which was comfortable, and the marvellous A380 Doha to Melbourne. Loved the Business class service on this flight, it was faultless, the flight attendant looking after our section was superb and was very attentive. Will definitely fly Qatar Airways again.
  Flew Doha to Kolkata. A superb inflight experience. Smooth night flight that was on schedule. Inflight staff exceedingly attentive. Excellent selection of movies from all over the world. Food and wine offerings were varied and ample. A full course dinner was served at a time of my choosing. The seat layout, 1-2-1, provided not only space but privacy too. The seat had several configuration angles and were easy to use to get into a comfortable sitting position or sleep which I was able to for a couple of hours. A nice amenities bag was provided. A small disappointment was that none of the four items I selected from the in-flight duty free catalog was available. I would also have liked the Indian government landing card provided on board as it would avoid some hassle before the immigration counter on arrival. On this route, I would unhesitatingly fly Qatar Airways again. From aircraft ambience and sitting arrangements to quality of inflight service to punctuality and smoothness of flight, they have set the standard to emulate.
  Lagos to Washington via Doha.  We had boarded yesterday 24th September 2017 in Lagos and was about to take off at about 11am when the pilot announced that there was a technical fault in one of the engines. We were disembarked from the plane and waited without any word from the airline until around 5pm when we were taken to the hotel. We are still in the hotel, no word from the airline and this is the following day. It most unfortunate and irresponsible. No word of apology, no update, no effort been made.
  Doha to Perth. After just arriving from London, the plane was late which meant a very quick turnover for the start of what I thought would be a gruelling 11hr flight to Perth only to be made more so pleasant by the kindness and professional services of a cabin staff. The plane was full and people were understandably restless, including myself. Staff remained calm, professional and helpful throughout the long duration of the flight which put my mind at ease knowing i was in good hands.
  Kuala Lumpur to London via Doha. Three of us were travelling under two bookings and the online facility was not allowing me to sit with two of my family. Luckily at check-in this was rectified so we were provided with 2 blocks of 3 seats for both legs. The flight was amended out of KUL so we missed the A350 and were changed to QR15 which was 2 hours later into LHR. Both planes left on time. Toilets were clean although water was not draining from the sink hole. Food was good - I had potatoes gratin with random white fish served with the usual roll and some trimmings. The sandwich on serving 2 is not a sandwich but a dough slice. Wine volume has been reduced ( I fly Qatar 2/3 times per year ) and I was given 85 ml on my first serving and 100ml on my second serving. Qatar normally provides 187mm bottles and on a 7 hour leg you always get 3 if you ask. IFE screen was only partially responsive; headset had a loose connection resulting in sporadic audio connection. Seat 18 J was broken so my family was split up. The USB connection did not work so I could not easily charge my phone. The seatbelt sign was on for over 3 hours of leg one so the coffee didn't materialize until I requested it. Both sectors seem to consist of 2 services of 2 hours each and from 3 to 5 hours into both flights the crew were in the galley, no additional drinks. Not the usual standard Qatar. Connecting at Hamad easy.
  Bangkok to Bucharest via Doha. I was excited to be flying on an A380 for the first time and to be flying Qatar Airways. The counter at BKK told me that the only bag I had, a carry-on that weighed just 10kg, should be checked in. I was very disappointed. All throughout the flight I was worried that if my luggage didn't come with me what I would wear. The flight was very smooth. The cabin service was great. Food was excellent. Flight was on time. On the down side, the wifi hardly worked. The seats were uncomfortable. I say small because with the hype of travelling in luxury on 380 I expected more.  Or maybe my expectation was too high.
  Johannesburg to Montreal via Doha with Qatar Airways. Arrived at the check-in counter only to find it not open despite it being 3 hours before the departure time. Following check-in which offered no hint of a problem, I proceeded to the lounge first and then the gate close to the scheduled departure time. At 30 minutes to departure there was no aircraft and no sign of ground agents which was the first sign of a pending problem. After the agents showed up and at around the scheduled departure time, the electronic boards showed a gate change but the gate agents could not confirm it. Eventually, all passengers made their way to the new gate where we were told the plane had a technical issue but it was almost resolved meaning we would board shortly. As minutes ticked away, this story changed multiple times and finally at midnight the station manager showed up to tell all of us that the flight was cancelled. What unfolded after can only be described as pandemonium with 200+ passengers many of which had already missed their connecting flights from Doha demanding answers from the ground agents who seemed to be unable to provide straight answers. All passengers were bussed to nearby hotels and many of us are getting to our destination 24 hours later than planned. Everyone who travels by air knows that hiccups happen from time to time but what differentiates the good service providers from the rest is how they handle these situations.
  Munich to Doha onboard a shiny, new A350. What a fabulous airplane, and fabulous service from Qatar Airways. Seat was confortable for economy, cabin seemed really nice colours and pleasant. The food was okay, nothing special but no different to Lufthansa quality, and enough for this flight. Cabin staff from different nationalities and they were smiling, polite and efficient from start to finish of flight. I have used Emirates before, but after this first trip with Qatar Airways I believe they are much superior to Emirates. Looking forward to my flight to Bangkok in 24 hours.
  Philadelphia to Hyderabad  via Doha. I am a 70+ old lady with walking disability and was travelling alone from USA to India. Qatar Airways service was excellent and stayed at the airport during my break of journey. The service was excellent and a model for other airport hotels and airlines. This service is a great business model for old people travelling between India and USA. Special Thanks to Qatar Airways staff of QR 728 for calming me down and professionally accommodating me and understanding our situation. Kudos to the whole team for such an excellent performance.
  Manchester to Singapore via Doha. A fantastic introduction to business class. I've always travelled to Singapore with Singapore Airlines, economy usually, but the jump to business was steep, almost £1,000 more than Qatar at the time I booked - now I'm hooked on Qatar's hospitality. The seat was so comfortable, whichever setting I had it on, I wanted the flight to continue even after landing. The food was delicious, and presented beautifully. Drinks and refreshments were constantly offered. Entertainment via a 17" screen was a joy to watch, especially with the noise reducing headphones I'd highly recommend Qatar, especially their business class product.
  Dallas Fort Worth to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. Such a pleasant flight with Qatar Airways. I have sat in multiple business class flights but this was one of my most pleasant long-haul flights. I believe my satisfaction has to do with the superior flight attendants for both the flights. Not only were they attentive, they were fast in their service and always with a smile. What's more, they were even considerate enough to ask when we would like our meals to be served. I would like to particularly thank one cabin staff who served me on flight from Doha to Kuala Lumpur with her gentle voice and pleasant smile. She made me feel right at home upon stepping into the aircraft with her exceptional service.  I would also like to note that the take-off and landing both times were flawless. Thumbs up to the captain. The Godiva chocolate is a nice touch. Without a doubt, I would choose to fly with Qatar again. Can't wait to experience their QSuites. Things that they may improve: - Food: vegetables looked and tasted over cooked. I also had the chicken gnocchi, they were mushy and soft.
  Edinburgh to Muscat via Doha. I used to fly British Airways 3 or 4 times a year between Muscat and Edinburgh but considering the visible decline in both aircraft quality and service now being offered by BA I decided to try Qatar Airways. The difference is night & day! From booking to boarding there is nothing that is too much trouble for Qatar Airways staff. Onboard you will find spotless aircraft, in my case the fabulous A350 between Muscat and Doha and the equally pleasant 787-8 Doha to Edinburgh. You will also experience a crew that are not only efficient but also value you as a passenger. Although I was travelling in Business class both the Muscat - Doha and Doha - Muscat sectors are ticketed in First which allowed me access to the First Class lounge at Doha airport. This far exceeds the lounges offered by BA in both Edinburgh and T5 Heathrow. Both aircraft provided comfortable seating and decent IFE in the "Oryx One" system. Food and beverage service is excellent with Qatar offering an "eat on request" service which eliminates the requirement of a food cart. Meals are served individually on white linen with proper cutlery and tableware. There was an excellent choice of refreshments to accompany meals and additional snacks and refreshments can be requested throughout the flight. I recognize that Qatar Airways are not the cheapest option but in a "value for money" comparison with other available carriers I feel they are a very good choice. I will be booking this years Christmas escape with Qatar Airways. Truly a 5 star airline.
  Tokyo to London via Doha. Not impressed, a new aircraft with a cramped cabin. I found the seats not very comfortable and the cabin service was not great. The meal quality was okay and drinks selection limited. Boarding the plane in Tokyo and Doha was fine, but getting through transfer in Doha was a time consuming and a rugby like exercise.
  Bangkok to Milan via Doha, returning from Rome. Check in was a breeze, and I waited only 5 minutes.  I was greeted by the cabin senior, who was polite and welcoming. This flight was about 85% full. I was seated where the second cabin senior with 12 years' experience was in charge of, he was polite and observant. He noticed my mother sitting in the middle seat squeezed in and very uncomfortable, and he said he will move her to a more comfortable spot once the service ends. Food on board this flight was sub par. The 777's seats are tight, and  overhead bins get filled up very quickly. Transfer in Doha was really tight, with no time to spare. The next flight to Milan was an A330. I prefer 2-4-2 configuration more than 3-3-3 or 3-4-3 configuration, as couples can sit together. On this flight, the crew were much more experienced, friendly and professional.  On the return flight, check in at Rome was worse than Bangkok. Boeing 787 roomy atmosphere on board all added to a great flight. The seats are very comfortable and felt like an armchair in full recline. The crew on this flight were fantastic. After breakfast service, I went to talk to the cabin senior in the galley, and he had some spare business class meals, and he obliged me to try them, and he also gave me some snacks, which was everything an avgeek could ask for. Before landing, he asked me if wanted to try the business class seats. On the flight to Bangkok, it was another 777, and the crew were still excellent. Excluding disorganised ground staff, Qatar is an excellent choice. 
  Los Angeles to Doha. I am pleased withe service I get each time I travel and its makes me fly again with them. On this flight, although I flew in economy class with duration of almost 16 hrs I still enjoyed the experience. Cabin crew deserve the full respect from me.
  Flew New York JFK to Doha. It has been several years since I have flown Qatar Airways, and my first experience on the A350. The standard of cabin service is still very high as is the delicious catering, the IFE on the A350 is a bit iffy, especially the TV selection and games are very poor. The flight tracker and cameras are of the highest quality. I plan to bring back my loyalty to Qatar Airways but stick to their 777s in the future.
  Istanbul to Adelaide via Doha returning from Sydney.Flights were on time. Planes were tidy and clean. Seats were comfortable. Foods served was ordinary and below my expectation. There were plenty of options in the entertainment system but I expected better films. The most challenging task for me was online check in as I got error message and could manage to complete the checking after countless attempts. Overall the flights were OK and value for the money. 
  First time flying with Qatar Airways, Melbourne to Belgrade, Rome to Melbourne and won't be the last time. Aircraft was spotless the attendants were very courteous, friendly and professional. All spoke excellent English. The entertainment unit is fantastic, clear and very responsive, extensive movies, music, TV series, games and live maps more then you could possibly want and will keep you occupied. The distance between seats is very good even for a 185cm tall person like me could stretch out with room to spare. With around 500 passengers on board the A380 boarding and disembarking was quick. Refreshments were served periodically between meals which were all good as well. Highly recomend Qatar Airways.
  Denpasar to Berlin via Doha in July 2017. This time I was lucky to get both legs on the A330-300 so I could avoid the Boeing 777-300 and cramped B787. The A330-300 operates with the rather spacious 2-4-2 seat configuration whereas the B773 is 3-4-3 and the B787 is 3-3-3. As a result you get a much better passenger staff ratio and better service in the A330 compared to the Boeing aircraft. Moreover you get more personal space (33 inch seat pitch and 17.5 inch seat width). On the Boeing 777-300 with 3-4-3 configuration you have to queue at the lavatories struggling to get through the narrow aisles. My suggestion would be to choose the aircraft wisely if you have the option to do that. 
  Auckland to Warsaw via Doha. Very good customer service on board however before no way I could get an answer to my questions. I found the food awful especially from Auckland.  It is the shame such a big airline to serve such horrible food!
  Bangkok to Dublin via Doha with a 16hr layover. At the time of booking we contacted Qatar Airways customer service to ask if we could avail of their complimentary hotel stay in the airport for our long layover. We were told that we could avail of this service on the day we arrive in Doha by a customer service representative on the phone. On arrival in Doha today we were told that our fare was promotional and we are not eligible for the hotel, meaning we are stuck in the airport for the next 16hrs. The staff were  unapologetic and offered us no alternatives other than paying for hotels with our own money. The flight was disappointing WITH mediocre food and hard seats. The only staff who were very nice and helpful were at the city tour desks. 
  
Flew Edinburgh to Melbourne Australia via Doha. The staff on Qatar Airways have to be commended. They work so hard and never seem to stop the whole time and every one of them do so with a smile on their faces. Comfortable flight, food comes non stop with snacks and refreshments in between main meals. This is the second long haul round trip I've had with Qatar and I'll certainly be flying with them again.
  I was scheduled to fly yesterday from Atlanta to Chennai via Doha. After all check-in, security clearance process, I was informed that the flight is cancelled while boarding. They didn't send any notifications to mobile or email. They said we need to rebook for next available flight and asked us to check out all luggages. I checked out and was waited at the booking counter line for 2 hours. For the entire Atlanta International airport, they had only one booking counter open and one booking agent available. After one hour of waiting, I got frustrated and called their customer service while staying on the line. I was on call-wait status for 50 minutes before getting hold of someone in their customer service. Customer service agent couldn't rebook me on next day flight unless I'm ready to do a 3 stopper instead of 1 stopper that I booked. I got the same itinerary 2 days later and asked him to book it. He couldn't book me because I was already checked-in and they needed me checked out from airport side. He said he will do all that and call + email me later with confirmation. I never received any call or email till today. I called their customer service again and was able to get hold of someone after 30 minutes wait. I got the same answer today as well. They have asked me to call them again after 4 hours. Not sure how long I should be on hold to get hold of them. And their website still shows the flight status as delayed and not as cancelled. I still didn't receive any delay/cancel notification from them. This is one of the worst experience I had. They are completely understaffed and don't infrastructure in place to handle delays/cancellations. 
  Booked 2 seats at the same time through an agency as British Airways codeshare flight, but couldn't sit together. Couldn't make changes online, couldn't get thru to call centre and no response from message on Twitter. Got to Heathrow and one very helpful member of staff tried her best but ultimately ineffective. Consequently one of us ended up sitting front of plane and other at rear. Seat cramped I'm only 5'10" yet my knees were sticking into the reclined seat of the person in front. Took two hours for a drink to be served. Staff all very friendly but not a great experience. 
  New York to Bangkok via Doha. Qatar Airways aircraft was new and impressive but the seat had problems with reclining. Entertainment was as good as other major airlines. The food was surprisingly good. The main issue I had was my flight attendant never smiled. Service is everything on my trips and other attendants didn't smile or greet me as I entered or departed the aircraft. 
  Berlin to Singapore via Doha. Not the first time I fly Qatar. This is a really good airline. Friendly staff, comfy seats and fab food and drinks. Qatar really has that old fashioned feel of a bit of luxury when travelling. The quality of all they do is awesome. The only thing that irritates me somewhat is that the screen in front of you points to Mecca the whole time. And they recommend that you listen to the Qoran while flying. I prefer to travel religion free. On the minus part. WiFi was expensive.
  Doha to Yangon. No inflight entertainment which is a big deal when traveling with my 9 year old son. We had nothing to do during our 7 hours fight. The legroom was limited. For 6 economy class there were only two toilets available and a long queue on the passager walkway. The food was also not appealing to me and limited choice. I will never ever fly with this airline again. 
  Stockholm to Bangkok via Doha. Check-in operated by SAS staff at Stockholm opens 3hrs before, a little slow as they validate visas and pass people along to pay extra baggage where applicable, but nothing worryingly so - all outsourced check-in is the same in my experience. Boarding Boeing 787 was efficient. Aircraft hot until about 15 minutes after departure. Legroom and space felt very limited, especially with the IFE box under the non-middle seats, but it wasn't the nightmare I had geared myself up to expect. It took a while for water to be distributed, a small bottle of water on each seat would go far to passive passenger until the first service. Water only available in tiny glasses, no larger containers or bottles available. Transfer at Doha efficient, the benefits of bus service is they open both front and rear doors, so the five minutes you spend on the airport tour is mitigated by the ten minutes saved by non-bridge disembarking. Flight to Bangkok on Boeing 777 full, gate security slow, seats a little better than 787 due to no IFE box. Plane hot, several minute pushback delay and no water again for the first hour. Meals were good, staff were great - very friendly, toilets were always clean. However I've cancelled my return flights in April 2018 taking the $200 on tax refund and putting it towards another airline. Qatar need to address the seating on the 787 or at least remove the under seat IFE boxes. 
  Dubai to Singapore via Doha in May 2017. Excellent in every respect. Great end to end service, planes are clean and new, seats are large, crew efficient and very kind. The business class is not too crowded, the food is good. It overall scores higher as Emirates generally, apart from entertainment. IFE a bit limited and not that user friendly. Food is porbably the best across all the airlines I have ever tried.
  I had to go to Doha for business and of course I chose Qatar Airways, and it was such a great experience. First of all, when I arrived to the Qatar Airways point to get my ticket staff were nice and helpful answering all my doubts. Then onboard the airplane the cabin crew were nice offering different snacks and beverages. I used the inflight entertainment offered and the flight went by quickly. The only thing I think they could improve was the wifi, I never got connected.
  Flew Qatar Airways from Dhaka to Larnaca via Doha. Service has definitely improved on Dhaka routes! Check-in process at the counter also improved at Dhaka airport. Inflight food and service were great, staff were amazing. For the vegetarian food, it always seems that on board vegetarian options are always much better than the pre-order ones, lacto-vegi here! Inflight entertainment, was ok but not that many good options, Tedtalks were good. For this routes some music from Tagore classics would be great on flights. Overall great service.
  Hong Kong to London via Doha. Staff extremely good but food and seat in Business just okay. Business Class lounge in Doha excellent, but food quality and quantity slipping. I booked a twelve hour stopover in Doha but Qatar Airways did not grant me a free visa (I tried to get it online and then called). I decided to remain in the lounge and worked and the staff was exceptional. Inconsistency seems to be what I notice and I do not consider it a 5 star Airline. The seat in business on a 787 is claustrophobic. Their big asset is their staff. I will still use them because of prices and transit in Doha is smooth.
  Frankfurt to Bangkok via Doha. This was my first trip with Qatar Airways and normally using Emirates for this route. It was a nice surprise and for me much better than Emirates, better cabin service and a nicer transfer time between the flights. Food was fair for economy class, great choice of inflight programmes, movies etc, and seat comfort felt better than Emirates Boeing 777 and the A380. Cabin attendants were polite on both sectors, polite and efficient - and not to overpowering or fake. Transfer time in Hamad airport was pleasant, nice shops, some comfortable places to seat and rest. Have my return flights to look forward to.
  Adelaide to London via Doha in business class. Absolutely fabulous experience, flew their A350 to Doha and A380 onwards to London. Ground service was efficient, and transfer in Doha was pleasant. A great lounge there but a bit crowded when we can through - nice wines and food though. The seats were really comfortable, and provided nice privacy and comfortable sleep experience compared to others flown recently. Onboard meals were nice, beautifully presented and very good quality, with again some really nice wines. Inflight entertainment had a very wide choice of movies and tv programmes, and it was just the repetitive adverts that annoyed. Cabin crew were efficient and nice on both flights, probably better on the A350 where they didn't seem so rushed. In my opinion this was more comfortable and enjoyable than our usual trip we make with Singapore Airlines, and looking forward to our return flights next month.
  Zurich to Adelaide via Doha. The business class cabin of A350 is airy, the seats are comfortable to sit on, but uncomfortable in bed position. The food choices were very limited although nicely presented. I had four meals, two mains were good, one was cold and one was overcooked. The entertainment system was disappointing, a very small number of new western movies, not a lot of choice in classical music and headphones of very poor quality. The cabin crew was mostly friendly, sometimes efficient, but often unknowledgeable. All in all a disappointing experience.
  Berlin Tegel to Auckland via Doha. Price very good! Routing and timing brilliant - 24 hours with only one layover for a route that can be easily 36 hours. (Europe-NZ). 3 of the 4 departures were delayed, one would have blown my outgoing flight but Qatar had made my incoming flight earlier, just in case. At least one delay may have been due to heightened airport security at Tegel. Luggage all arrived okay. Food not exceptional. AV system- good selection, could not search movies by name. On the first flight, it was the previous month's selection - latest movies were not yet uploaded. On the last big sector the handset was broken and the touch screen had an intermittent fault and USB port was no-go so I could not charge my phone. Cabin crew dismissed the issue with the AV system. No major cabin issues. 
  Adelaide to Zurich via Doha on the new A350 with airy cabin lay out in Business. The seats are comfortable, the bed is big in size but not comfortable as some competitors. The food was rather limited and the same as on the flights from Europe  earlier: a disappointing experience. The Entertainment system had the same quality and quantity problem and deficiencies as on my flights to Australia one week earlier: limited western movies and classical music on offer and bad quality of head sets. Cabin crew was young and friendly, but inefficient. I enjoyed rather quite flights with no major turbulences but disappointment with food, entertainment and cabin crew.
  Manila to Paris via Doha. Qatar Airways is in a class of its own! Everything is superb, from check in to the flights themselves. Oryx One is one of the top IFE systems I've experience, with nice movie and tv program selections. Manila to Doha flight, the plane used was Boeing 777-300ER. The flight was full and a red eye flight. Cabin Crew were very accommodating and friendly. The cabin crew won't disturb passengers who are sleeping. Food was served twice in the flight, one around 30 mins after take off and one 2 hours before landing. Food taste is ok, not that great but ok for airline food. For the Doha to Paris flight, the plane used was the A380 which is my favorite plane due to the comfort it gives to the passenger aside from being very quiet. This is where one flight attendant was a bit of a let down because she wasn't that accommodating and she speaks like she is a bit grumpy. Also, the food that I want (chicken) was short on stock so I chose fish which turned out ok. Overall, I still recommend Qatar Airways if you're coming from Southeast Asia or even East Asia going to Europe. It really deserves its 2017 Airline of the Year award!
  Venice to Male via Doha. I chose Qatar Airways because of the lower pricing and good time schedule. The flight experience has been quite amazing even in economy class. The food was good, and beverage was served constantly during the flight to keep us hydratated. Crew on Qatar Airways is the best you can find, they are very polite and kind, treating you like a king in particular if you are a member of their frequent flyer program like I am. The aircraft on all four flight was an A330-200/300, and comfortable. On the first flight the A332 (A7-ACF/12 years old) was refurbished and it seemed quite new, Ife (Oryx ONE) on this flight was displayed on large HD touch screens. On the other flights the aircraft wasn't refurbished so the IFE was old and controllable only with the remote control (there was also a big ife box under windows seats obstructing more than a quarter of foot room) - the seats weren't as comfortable as the ones on the first aircraft. Aircraft age was the main negative aspect of this trip, but on all four aircraft there was a wide selection of music, tv, film, games. All four flights were on time and ground service in Doha was good.
  Hanoi to Bangkok. Check in was simple and straight forward. The seat was comfortable and a light meal was served (this was a short flight). The cabin crew were efficient and friendly. The flight left and landed on time. Baggage was waiting by the time I got through Immigration. The flight was uneventful and the reviews matched my experience. I would fly Qatar Airways again.
  Perth to Milan via Doha using Qatar Airways. Check-in at Perth Airport was easy and seamless. I checked in online so I needed to do was to drop off my luggage at the airport. I have not flown Qatar Airways for more than a decade and I am really impressed with the improvements. Plenty of leg room and the seats are comfortable for both Perth to Doha (using B777-200) and Doha to Milan (A330-200). On both sectors, I was well taken care off. The cabin crew were really friendly and helpful. I am impressed even on economy class we were offered three different options for mains and there is always a vegetarian option which is really considerate of Qatar Airways. There are plenty of inflight entertainment to keep me occupied for the long hours flight and the inflight magazine, Oryx has plenty of interesting content to keep me entertained as well. Overall a good experience and I will recommend Qatar Airways to others.
  I was seated in lower deck A380  economy cabin and I found the seat cramped and uncomfortable (32" seat pitch). I couldn't eat the sandwich that was some sort of vegetable sausage roll and the vegetarian breakfast was unappetising. Qatar Airways saving grace is their cabin crews, delightful and professional. 
  Sydney to Athens via Doha. We had an excellent trip on Qatar Airways overall. The tickets were among the cheapest available when we booked and the flight times were the quickest. The connection times through Doha were very quick. The airport in Doha was modern and easy to navigate. The plane seemed newer than Emirates which I flew with recently, however there were not enough toilets. The staff were excellent and the food was good. The vegetarian options were far better than Emirates. The red wine served in economy was surprisingly good. The seat was comfortable for economy and the leg room was better than I had expected. The entertainment was excellent with a good touch screen with a great range of options including kids movies, new release, classic movies and TV shows. On our connecting flight we flew on an A330 which seemed older and the screen was not touch screen but the options were identical.
  Karachi to Manchester via Doha, traveling with my 27 week pregnant wife and a 4 year old son from. My wife felt slightly unwell during the first flight, likely due to altitude and hypoxia; however Qatar Airways was very helpful in getting her checked at the airport first by a paramedic and then in the airport clinic by the doctor. Later on they advised us to get further investigated and checked in a hospital, hence they arranged an ambulance, hospitalization, travel from hospital to hotel, arrangement of hotel and food vouchers on their own. It was really nice to have a feeling of being cared by the airline. Everyone was so humble and supportive. I could not have asked for a better service by the airline. Inflight was really good too. Nice comfy seats on Boeing 787 with good air pressure. I will recommend it completely. Thanks Qatar Airways.
  Singapore to Zurich via Doha. Nice and new aircraft with warm ambience inside the cabin, the light is soft and not too bright so during serving meal you can continue to sleep if you don't want to eat. There are 2-3 meals option so you choose, the meal taste is good. The space between the seat is wide enough, so you have more legroom. Stewardess is also very helpful, full attention, and friendly to the children, they gave my children toy so they can play during long haul flight. The amenities is almost complete they gave toothbrush, toothpaste, blindfold,earmuffs, and sock in nice wallet. I'm very satisfied with the service.
  Economy class flight from Heathrow to Doha was good. The seats were comfortable and spacious. The service was good, the aircraft and in particular the toilets were clean. The cabin crew were pleasant and helpful. However there was a complete contrast to the flight from Doha to Kuala Lumpur. The seats were narrow, and crammed. The service was poor and the aircraft looked that it could do with an update. The toilets were dirty and cabin crew unfriendly and did the bare minimum.
  Doha to Bangkok. Taking the opportunity of some promotion (2 for one), we indulged ourselves by flying business class of Qatar Airways between Doha and Bangkok on their A380 and we had an amazing experience. The magic starts at Doha Airport business lounge which is certainly one of a kind for its design and the level of service. The experience continues onboard with the business seats that offer extreme confort and privacy, and a wide choice of entertainment opportunities. The food was simply top notch with great wine selection. To stretch your legs you have the bar which offers a comfortable and relaxing setting. Great and attentive service on top of this. What more can you ask?
  Kuwait to New York via Doha. Kuwait to Doha was in economy class. I am a Platinum Privilege Club member with well over 2000 Points - which means I fly on Qatar a lot, usually at least 20-30 sectors a year, sometimes more. I had only flown on Economy once before as the other time I had an economy seat they upgraded me. All in all, not bad for a short hop. I was, however, irked just after take off when I asked for a beer and was refused, on the apparent basis that they did not serve alcohol on local Middle East flights. I know that upfront I would have been sipping Champagne by then. Being Ramadan (although a night flight and we were traveling when Ramadan restrictions are lifted), that may have been a problem too, but a colleague at work had the same problem a month or two before when flying to Australia and it was not Ramadan, and refused to fly himself or his family on Qatar again because of that. However, one of the hostesses was extremely good and saved the day by going up front and bringing me back a large paper coffee cup with a decent quantity of beer in it - which I appreciated because I did not want to be insensitive to those around me since in economy anyway and it was Ramadan so fine to have it in a paper cup for all involved - including me, as Qatar ought to be sensitive to my wants too as I am also a paying customer. Although the cabin was modern and clean and the staff brilliant I felt sorry for anyone who would have to fly in such cramped seats internationally. Qatar now have  10 across on the 777, instead of 9. Things improved dramatically when I got to Doha and travelled onto New York. The new A350 is an absolutely beautiful plane to fly on. For business class, much better than the A380, despite no bar. It is more intimate, service is much better (the hosts on the A380 being overstretched with so many to serve) and the plane is so silent and smooth with good air quality you really notice. Brilliant hard product on this plane, brilliant service, quite good food (although Qatar has gone a little down-hill the last 2/3 years on that front - I remember the Beluga Caviar starters I used to get back then), great in flight entertainment, and a good nights sleep after my bed was made up. Their business product puts most others to shame, although I hope they aim back at trying to make it a business class product as good as first again. Flight home from New York was pretty much a mirror image, although the food was really not up to par with what I am used to on Qatar.
  Mumbai to Boston via Doha. Flying with Qatar Airways was the best experience ever. The cabin crew were remarkable and all the entertainment is excellent. I give a 10 on 10 for the best service I got and I will prefer Qatar Airways for international travels. Thank you for your wonderful service.
  Bangkok to Warsaw via Doha. Qatar Airways keeps standard at the highest level. The seat arrangement is most comfortable among all business classes (1+2+1 for the aircraft I flew) and service reminds of a high class restaurant due to small but important details. Serving drinks in dedicated glassware instead of one uniform glass, food served on china plates instead of plastic trays, engaged and helpful staff, high quality cosmetics (maybe except of Armani sets handed out previously). The bar in A380 helps to relax and and socialize with fellow passengers. Cons: only a few business lounges so outside of Qatar it's difficult to have true Qatar Airways experience before taking off. Taking alcohol off view during Ramadan shouldn't be the case in the international air territory in a plane full of all the races.
  Madrid to Singapore via Doha in economy class. Crews professional but robotic. Seats, on-board entertainment and meals are all fine. Wifi expensive and limited. Leased A350 from LATAM on MAD-DOH sector was a step down from Qatar Airways own A350 product and first time that I've been so hot on a flight. Ticket prices and schedules are often competitive, at least for the two ultra-last-minute trips I've purchased this summer. You get what you pay for perhaps, which is just fine, but I don't understand the 5-star hype.
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Doha. This is the first time my husband and I fly with Qatar Airways and we love it - and won't be the last time. My husband is from England and I'm from Thailand. We fly very often out of the country. It was our honeymoon and the flight attendants starting with the ground lady in LA at the counter when we checked in and the crew members treated us so special. They have done a wonderful job. A big thank to all the crew members for making us feel so special with the cake & heart decoration before we landed and during the flight we got pampered. We would fly with Qatar again. Business class is surely such a treat! Keep up the excellent work! We will post the pictures on our social media. Thanks for the memorable experience Qatar Airways.
  I flew on Qatar Airways from Auckland to Heathrow return (via Doha), firstly on the Boeing 787 to Doha then on the A380 to Heathrow. This is the best airline I have flown, and I have travelled the world on many occasions. I was a bit sceptical on the Auckland to Doha journey (this being the longest flight in the world) but I need not have worried, as the time passed quickly thanks to the excellent cabin crew, regularity of good quality meals and beverages and the generous amount of leg room. I was lucky enough to be seated upstairs in Economy on the A380 to Heathrow. My return journey was just as good and I was again lucky enough to have 3 seats to myself on both the Heathrow to Doha flight and Doha to Auckland. Overall Qatar would be the top my list of airlines to fly again with and is definitely value for money.
  First time on Qatar Airways from London to Bali via Doha and won't be the last - they are streets ahead with their business product over Emirates and Etihad. The lounge in LHR was top notch with an amazing a la carte service. Onboard the staff were super friendly and attentive with a high class of food. The bar at the back of the plane is great and service again exemplary. The seat was really comfortable - no complaints. On the second leg to DPS on the A330 I was expecting to be disappointed having just been on the A380. I was wrong, the service was even better. Massive smiles, nothing too much trouble, even profuse apologies for the selected red wine being too cold - now that's service. The whole outbound service blew me away. The one niggle is that the Oryx entertainment system lacks in the latest releases - now I feel I am being picky.
  Melbourne to Athens via Doha. The cabin crew created a restful and friendly atmosphere. A number of children who were restless and tired while boarding quickly settled down when they received their activity packs. I found that the time of the first long leg passed quickly thanks to ambient lighting, attentive service and an entertainment system which worked without any problems. From Doha to Athens the flight attendant allocated to our seat was particularly helpful, responding courteously to special requests about meals and drinks. On both legs the plane was full but remained clean and orderly throughout. Passengers seemed aware of the need to make some variations to the flight path. As I had a window seat I got to see a most impressive snow capped mountain peak below. The minimal amount of time added was amply compensated for by the efficient way the flight crew managed boarding, disembarkation, take off and landing.
  Bangkok to Frankfurt via Doha. Bangkok ground staff are polite, but during boarding, it was the most chaotic scene. The Boeing 777-300 uses the 3-4-3 configuration. On this flight, the flight attendant serving my section was sub par of what I'm used to at Qatar airways. The food was fantastic. The flight to Frankfurt was on a brand new A350, with wide seats a the tail camera. I really like the exterior cameras! The flight attendant who was friends with another flight attendant I met before, and was polite and very friendly.  On the return leg from Vienna, 4 counters open with few passengers. This time, the cabin was only 40% full, so I moved rows and had a whole row to myself. The catering from European airports is always good, so my braised beef with potato au gratin was excellent. The flight attendant I met remembered what I wanted and made the service so personalised it was like a first class flight in economy! She is the best flight attendant I've ever met! In the rear galley, I also met a Bhutanese and Moroccan flight attendant who were equally as nice. But the nicest of them all has to be the Cabin Services Director who came to my seat just before landing to say hello, and we exchanged pleasantries. During disembarkation, I asked if I was able to get a photo with the captain. While waiting for the captain to come out of the cockpit, I was able to try out the business class seat and found it superior to Cathay Pacific's product. On the return leg, wifi wasn't working for much of the flight. Overall, it was totally a 10/10 flight, with the minor complaints about the experience at Bangkok airport. 
 Another excellent flight with Qatar Airways in Business Class. I flew Birmingham to Bangkok via Doha on the 787 Dreamliner first leg then A380 second leg. The 787 business cabin in excellent with plenty of space. The seats are 1-2-1 lie flat pod style all with aisle access. The service is always excellent, the staff are so well trained and always friendly, unlike Emirates. I had an amazing 4 course meal on the first leg, soup, fish, cheese cake and cheese board with 30 year tawny port. I watched 3 new movies on the 7 hour flight before arrival in Doha. I slept the entire second leg on the A380 as it was an overnight flight. The seats are the same but this aircraft has the inflight bar. I've had many good times in this bar but I didn't use it this time. I agree with other reviewers that Qatar offers the best business class, mainly due to the excellent staff. Emirates should send a mystery shopper to see how it should be done.
  Another excellent flight with Qatar Airways in Business class. I flew Phuket to Birmingham via Doha on Boeing 777 first leg then Boeing 787 second leg. The first leg had an aircraft change from Boeing 787 to Boeing 777 which was good as the Boeing 777 business cabin in so spacious. You get a metre of leg room, enough room to stand up. The seats are 2-2-2 so we took 2 near the window. They're very big and comfortable and lie-flat. The service was excellent as usual, I had a lovely 4 course meal, soup, sea bass, chocolate cake & cheese board with 30 year tawny port. The movie choice is not so good, I couldn't find anything new to watch as I'd watched the 3 best movies on the outbound flight from BHX. We had 3 hours between flights in Doha, the lounge was virtually empty and they're weren't serving alcohol due to Ramadan to the dismay of several western travelers. I slept the entire second leg on the 787 but I've already reviewed that in a previous post. Congratulations Qatar, keep up the good work.
  Doha to Cape Town. This is my tenth year flying with Qatar Airways, mostly to and from South Africa and the Middle East. This particular trip was truly remarkable. Everything was overwhelming, but the crew and especially the purser on this flight deserve special mention, what an extraordinary level of anticipation of every possible wish. On boarding I mentioned that I would prefer a window seat, the purser went and asked every single passenger seated by a window if they would swap with me. The food was outstanding too, the seat on the B787 comfortable enough to sleep for almost the entire flight. Qatar Airways is unique, in a class of its own.
  Flew Qatar Airways from Bangkok to Copenhagen via Doha. Standards even higher than before. Did in total 6 premium flights and 2 economy. All flights top notch service and excellent crew. Only downside is missing alcohol in lounge during Ramadan. Apart from that flawless product. By far my first choice of airline.

  Copenhagen to Ho Chi Minh City via Doha on 15-16 June 2017 on B787 and A330 respectively. Flights were on time and service was good. Doha airport deserted due to the ongoing blockage and due to Ramadan. QR tackles the crises well by preponing some of the connecting flights from Doha to avoid delays due to excessive lengths of routings avoiding unfriendly airspace. Check-in and crew onboard are diligent and almost faultless. Food, despite 3 choices offered, was not so good and continues to be of poorer and poorer quality and amounts. Completely inedible plastic sandwiches provided "in lieu" of proper meal to escape a second hot meal service. Poor wines. Alcoholic drinks were available but not disclosed due to Ramadan. We travelled two persons and were given 3-4 adjacent seats on both flights thus amble space. Elite fliers well respected and cared for. Lounge access working but the denial of access to Al Mourjan lounge in Doha hits hard: their elite flier lounges are not up to the game. Onboard, lengthy safety video shown with Barcelona FC become boring after being unchanged for several years. I am puzzled by the intrusive charity propaganda and money collection attempt by introducing "Educate a Child" propaganda without providing any facts and prove of efficiency. Children well cared for and given gifts and child meal given if requested prior to travel. Luggage handled well and all 4 pieces arrived to perfection at final destination.
  Doha to Amsterdam. This aircraft is the one with the 24 seat business class cabin in a 2X2X2 seat format across. Older aircraft and seat width is not as wide as on the new A380 and A350 at around 20.5 inches for upper part and smaller at the lower section. Fully flat seat but the lower half of the seat has been forced down further from people sitting or putting weight on what is not a very sturdy part of the seat so the seat needed to be raised a little to get it into a comfortable flat bed. However, service was excellent, four crew for 24 passengers with eat when you want from the menu. Breakfast on offer out of Doha and light snacks and meals available then or later with wine etc. before arriving in Amsterdam. Tasty food, nicely presented.
  May 12, flew ORD-DOH-DEL on QR 726/QR578 in Business Class. Qatar has never been anything but amazing and this trip was the best so far. Check-in agents were really fun and nice and checked the bag to Delhi. The only let-down of the entire trip was the lounge Qatar uses at O'Hare. The Air France/KLM lounge is shared by about 13 airlines so it is packed! This lounge should not allow more than a couple airlines to use it - nice food spread but too crowded and bad wifi. Wish Qatar shared the BA lounge here. Anyways we boarded on-time and the service started immediately. The friendly attendant came and introduced herself to my friend and me, handed out pyjamas and talked about the amenity kit that was already at our seats along with slippers and the blanket/duvet for sleeping. The purser then came to introduce herself and drinks were delivered after with a smile. Menus handed out and as Qatar does dine-on-demand you can eat anytime. It's much easier for the attendants as they don't have to serve everyone at once, but I can see how it can be arduous at times. Pushed back a bit late and a greeting from the flight deck for the 13.30 hour flight to Doha. Chose to eat dinner and watch movies - their AVOD is very good but not as good as Emirates. But their service kicks Emirates a million times over. So after dinner made up my bed and slept 6 hours but the flight was quite turbulent. Woke and washed up in the bathroom and my meal was ready for me - timed well from the excellent attendant. The only thing they could enhance is offering wifi on their 777-300 planes. That is where they are not as competitive as Emirates or Etihad. Landed 20 min late into Doha and a smooth transfer into the Al-Mourjan Business class lounge for some food and a nice shower. 2 hour connection was timed perfect and boarded our 787 for the 3 1/2 hour flight to Delhi. The 787 is much newer but my friend and I both preferred the 777-300ER biz seats. But still a great service and watched some Breaking Bad until a 2am ontime arrive into Delhi. Immigration was busy but got the bags and out to the taxi in 45 minutes. Qatar pushes things to a new level- even when flying them in coach it's pleasant. But their Business Class is the best of any airline in my opinion.
  Doha to Manila. They have the best service in this airline. The crew is assistive and the meal was great. The boarding is fast and the seats are comfortable and IFE (inflight entertainment) is the best -  a lot of movie,audio and games selection.
  Atlanta to Lagos via Doha. My 75 year old mother flew with Qatar and I was pleasantly surprised. Her lay over in Doha was overnight for about 12 hours or more and the last time they said the only hotel available inside the airport was full. This time we got the transit visa which was applied for on the website and was quickly processed and arrived before the 7 day published on the site. On arrival in Doha, Qatar Airways arranged for her transportation and escorted her to a nearby 4 star hotel, provided wifi, a dinner voucher, woke her up the next morning in time to get dressed, have breakfast and picked her up promptly for her onward journey. Hotel stay, food, and transportation for that night may have amounted to just about $125 which is a tiny fraction of her ticket cost but I am so impressed and grateful for the peace of mind l had that she was well taken care of. I will advocate for this airline any day. 
  Sydney to Doha. Business class was full but crew were very efficient, excellent service. Seats were comfortable and large touch screen tv for entertainment system. Food service was a late dinner out of Sydney and early breakfast into Doha. Qatar also allow you to stagger your dining, setting times for when you would like dishes served which means they will reserve one of these dishes for you. Food presentation and range of dishes are more premium economy but they are very tasty. Fully flat bed is comfortable, not as wide as on Singapore but they are comfortable in flat bed.
  Belgrade to Doha. Belgrade's airport is small and you cannot get lost. Checking in was fast, but my passport needed several scans. First boarder control then security separate at each gate. Business lounge a kind of basic, but ok. First time on a Qatar Airways narrow body aircraft. 12 seats in a 2-2 configuration, seat the same as on the airline's A330-300. Very comfortable and fully flat, really big touch screens. Only the room for the feet on the 2C/D and 3C/D a little restricted for taller men. Amenity kit without cosmetics, but sufficient for a 4 hours 40 minutes flight time. Food and drink menu superbe as always. Not much difference in comfort in comparison to a wide body aircraft.
  Qatars A350 service to London was faultless. In my view vastly superior to an A380 service - more personal and spacious. The blockade against Qatar means the flight was a little less busy, and even the airport was more quiet - but this made the experience even better! This was a wonderfull flight, and the route we flew was interesting - but did not seem any longer at all.
  Singapore to Madrid via Doha. Amazing seats, great food and wonderful service. This flight was a pleasure to be on and was my first time on Qatar. The pods were incredibly comfortable. The food and above all concierge service in flight was tremendous. No complaints.
  I returned from London with my elderly father. Our flight was delayed at Heathrow, so we missed our connecting flight from Doha. The airline was amazing when we arrived at Doha, accomodation, meals and transfer to and from the airport were already in place. My elderly father loved the hotel and we managed a scenic tour of the city , which we both enjoyed. Qatar Airways staff were friendly and wonderfully supportive. My father required wheelchair support, again all staff were professional and supportive. My elderly father thoroughly enjoyed his unexpective stop over. My father is currently on his return journey to London Heathrow , having just left Doha. I would fly Qatar airways I can't fault the service. Well done and a thank you to all staff.
 Qatar Airways operates this conveniant flight from Baku to Tblisi. Check in was very professional, access to the aircraft directly through gate. Friendly international crew, small complimentary meal was served with beverages. Clean and nice aircraft. I certainly recommend to use this flight. Flight duration just over an hour, beautiful views from the aircraft.
  Awful flight on a great airline. I love the staff, and mostly love the airline too but this short Athens to Doha flight was awful. Old aircraft with no room at a premium price. The staff tried really hard to make the flight good, next time I have a 4 hour flight I will check which aircraft are being operated - the 320s should be used for short haul work. Aweful flight. The handling lounge used in Athens is ordinary.
   Dubai to Chongqing via Dubai. Flight for partner and self booked using Guest Miles. Through a quirk of the pricing, Dubai World Central  Airport more suitable. Unlike Dubai's main airport, no queues at check-in, immigration or security. Limited but adequate eating - McDonalds and Costa Coffee - and shopping. Flight left Dubai 15 minutes early, unusually in my experience berthing at an airbridge on arrival Doha thus no requirement to join the hordes fighting through security. One of Qatar's ageing Airbus 330s for the flight to Chongqing so no Wifi or power at seat, but perfectly clean and seat comfortable enough for a few hours sleep. Service standards are not stellar - wet wipe rather than hot towel and no boiled sweets - but still superior in comparison to others. Particularly like the regular rubbish collection. Food adequate. Longish bus ride from plane to terminal with bags arriving on clearing immigration.
  London to Abu Dhabi via Doha. It was my first time flying with Qatar Airways and I was very impressed. Plane was really lovely inside, comfortable seats and 'lobby' entrance with lovely lights effects was stunning. Good selection of food and drinks and professional cabin crew. It was really above and beyond. I recommend this airline for people who looking for comfort and good service. Hope will fly with them again.
  Munich to Bangkok via Doha. Consistent service both on the ground and in the air. A350 in LATAM livery and configuration. Beautiful A380. 2 of 4 Doha´s flights bussed. Limited map functionality on the A350 aircraft. Courteous, well trained and hard working cabin crew. All flights on time and smooth transfer. Smaller portions of main meals but sufficient. Really strange snacks (looking like substance of plastics once they get cooler). IFE interupted by a message asking to offer a prayer during the flight (encouraging especially during bumpy rides). Rare combination of comfortable flying and reasonable value for money.
  Sofia to Abu Dhabi via Doha. My first flight was delayed, so I missed my connection and had to stay at the Doha airport for 7 hours.  The compensation was a fixed dinner. My flight back home was 5-hour flight, the A320 was not equipped with individual entertainment. There was some screens playing a movie, but my sound was not working. The food provided is very nice. I would avoid flying them again.
  Istanbul to Cape Town via Doha. First leg was full on an A330 from Istanbul to Doha. First thing that was obvious was that this was an old plane. The seats looked like they had seen better days and the in flight screens were not touched and had to be controlled by hand held devices in the arm rest. On top of this, many screens were not working and people requested to have a reset.  The crew were polite and the cabin senior from Bangladesh was the most outstanding crew member I have had in a while. He was older, wiser and had a knack for making me feel at home given the old plane and a poor inflight entertainment options. The meals were ok but the plastic containers look cheap and tacky and serving tea in paper cups seems like the cheap way out. The flight was on time and we arrived at gate before scheduled arrival. The onward leg to Cape Town was in the Boeing 787. I get the impression that at Hamad all flights from Doha to the developing world have to be subjected to the c20-27 gates which means being bused to a remote standing aircraft. I have experienced this before at Hamad.  For elderly passengers this remote stand departures are a severe inconvenience. Boeing 787 seemed new, the inflight entertainment worked a charm and the cabin crew on this flight were wonderful. The meals were again just ok but I slept and thus just picked on the food. These were sale flights I booked and I don't know whether I would fly them again.
  Dubai to Frankfurt via Doha. It was the third time, I had chosen Qatar Airways for a trip from Frankfurt to Dubai. It was the third time, that I was overwhelmed by the quality of their product and the improvements. Qatar now has a branded Lounge in Dubai T1, calm, spotless and much more pleasant. On bord, it's not only the sophisticated seat (787), the low number of seats per toilet, the meal on demand-service or food and drinks (they serve Guinness!) that are special. My favourite part are the crews, who really hit the spot. They have an incredibly high level of anticipation of what you may want at every moment of the flight. Even when the cabin is fully booked, they maintain the level. For me, Qatar Airways is a class of its own.
 Travelled Ho Chi Minh City to Copenhagen via Doha with Qatar Airways. Had my child with me. Had changed my departure days by 4 days a week earlier – without much hassle – but had to face some penalty fees. We were given lounge access (elite flyer), plenty of seats on board, and received good service throughout. Flights on time. Food on 1st sector was good with three full dinner options. Flight from DOH-CPH was a night flight: no dinner was provided - only a night-sandwich handed out - they have become inedible over the last 1-2 years where they initially were good when launched in 2014. Breakfast was offered 4-5 hours later - but options were all extremely poor and no meat dishes offered (apart of a ridiculous chicken sausage) at all. Drinks offered were plenty. Child gifts valuable and very nice. 2 gifts per child were given on each sector. Child-meal accommodated, also nice.
  London to Bangalore via Doha. Superb overall experience, particularly on the A380. Lounge at Heathrow is exceptional, as is that at Doha. Both journeys on A380 truly fantastic - attentive staff, great food and drinks and total comfort. B777 from DOH to BLR was very good but not the same as A380. The HYD to DOH leg on A321 was fine but a small plane and not quite the same experience. I am constantly delighted by the staff generally - a real 5 star experience.
  Edinburgh to Doha was quiet, boarding was uneventful and quick. The aircraft was clean but showing it's age with poor quality IFE screen. Good selection of films. I'm never going to praise airlines for leg room being 6ft 2in. You have to be careful with your seat choice.  Staff are mixed, very polite to do not care. Wi-Fi didn't work. Small delay. Food was good. In Doha a 6 hour delay in transit. The staff couldn't careless or advise you of anything. Overall a mixed experience. 
  Doha to Riyadh. Exceptionally fine short haul service. Faultless staff, seats like business class in Virgin Australia long haul, easy access to power supplies and USB. Screen big and high definition. Food great. Left late but who cares, everything else was fantastic
  Phnom Penh to Manchester via Doha. Have flown Qatar Airways several times over the last few years and it has been generally good, with friendly, helpful staff. But I have had problems with the in-flight entertainment system, which is difficult to operate and often has faults though not broken. The food is average at best. Meals are very small and the light meal / snack is always the same: a hot baked thing (sweet or savoury option) which they call a sandwich but is something different, with a small, poor cake. The chicken sandwiches are quite unpleasant and difficult to eat, but when you're hungry and there is no alternative offered, what can you do?
  Luxor to London via Doha. Decided to see if could upgrade DOH to LHR leg from economy to business whilst in transit at Hamad Airport. Was quoted a price at the ticket counter which seemed reasonable, however was asked to call the online sales team to make the changes and advised the price had increased by over a third. There was nothing the online sales team could apparently do so I didn't upgrade. Complained to Qatar and had to chase responses from them repeatedly after lengthy delays,and a waste of my time. Qatar onboard product is fantastic, however their customer service is slow and in my case misleading.
  Paris to Kolkata via Doha. It is difficult for me to understand how Qatar can be considered a 5 star airlines. The choice of food for me was quite limited and on the route from Doha to Kolkata only Indian food was available to me. No dental kit or other amenities. My screen did not work very well on both flights and my wifi did not work on most of the flight.
  London to Khartoum via Doha on Qatar Airways. My flight from LHR to Doha was on a A350 and its a great plane with very comfortable economy seating and leg room even though I am a large chap, the crew done their job perfectly well and no issues on this flight. I had a 2hr layover at Hamad International and it is a great airport and the transfer was smooth and efficient. The flight to Khartoum was on a A320 from a remote stand so a bus journey to the plane ensure and the seats on this was somewhat smaller and although not entirely uncomfortable was a bit squeezed in. The food served was 2 pastries, one sweet and one savoury which felt a bit weird. Landing at what is probably one of the worst airports in Africa was smooth and no issues with luggage. The return flight a week later, the plane was delayed for 2hrs with no a information from Qatar Airways or airport staff and Qatar ground staff did finally appear when boarding was announced they blamed the delay on no gates being available at the airport, no apologies or anything. I found the plane not very clean, rather old and had no IFE apart from overhead screens. No delay apology was made by the Captain and the food served was spicy lamb meatballs with dill rice which was a bit of a weird meal for what was supposed to be a 2am departure and on arrival at Doha we was once again at a remote stand and bussed to the terminal where I had a 1 1/2hr transit. The flight to London was on a A380 and the seating was very comfortable and the service from the crew was good although the food was terrible. - some sort of scrambled egg, dry frankfurter and some sauteed mushrooms and the snack served prior to landing was chicken in some sort of flat bread wrap that was bland. It seems that the service on routes like to/from Khartoum leaves a lot to be desired as does the fact that they still use remote stands and the food in general was a let down.

  Doha to Auckland. The Boeing 777-200LR they are using is not adequate for the length of the journey neither are the facilities. On our return journey we were kept in the dark from 4pm and were told to close our blinds after the first meal. The lights were then put out and only went up twice during the flight to allow to eat. I will never fly with Qatar again, we should be treated with respect. And my seat was broken. Flight from Doha to Heathrow was much better but only 6.5 hour flight. 
 Should say Qatar Airways is one of my favourite airlines. Jakarta to Doha - good Middle East hospitality. Had a good rest at Al Mourjan lounge. Wish they would stock pyjamas with a suitable size for passengers, stock more small size! Don't bring XL to all customers.
 Cairo to Doha on a 777-300. Flew with my daughter so had two seats at the windows. Very spacious and comfortable. Nice set-up if traveling with someone. Outstanding service by the flight crew and food as usual. Used the Le Meridien airport hotel for an overnight stay at each end and very satisfied with it. The only major issue with Cairo airport is the lack of transport between terminals - always an adventure. Went through about half a dozen security check points throughout the airport - most I've ever experienced. Everyone at the airport willing to help and friendly. Departed Cairo a bit late even though the airport was pretty "dead". Return trip was on an A330-300. Not a good experience compared to the other Qatar Airways aircraft I've flown on (A320, A321, A350, 787, 380). Very cramped and no storage space. Will not use their A330 service again. Once again the flight crew and meals were great but not the aircraft. Qatar continues to excel in all areas and it's always a pleasure flying with them.
 First Class on Qatar's A380 service Doha-Sydney round trip. First time in Al Safwa lounge at Doha - stayed in a quiet room both times and also visited the full service restaurant. Have always read so much hype about the lounge but actually prefer the Al Mourjan business lounge more (more life to it). Excellent food and service in Al Safwa. Outstanding seat / service on the aircraft. Best sleep on an aircraft I've had yet (8+ hours each way). Extremely comfortable and not too hot. Seats aren't very private but no complaints. Flight crew always willing and able to help out without being too intrusive. Great meals as usual including the caviar service. Another fantastic trip on Qatar.
  Booked my travel with Qatar Airways in Economy class on 27 April 2017 and flew in both class as a surprise compliments. First sector from Muscat to Doha on an A320 an Economy full flight and Doha to Thiruvananthapuram (A321) surprisingly upgraded to Business Class. I had been traveling with Qatar Airways in Business Class, even the Economy class short sector flight (MCT-DOH) was a pleasant experience too. The second leg of my travel from DOH-TRV, Qatar Airways surprised me at the Boarding Gate with a Business Class upgrade and the inflight experience was a treat of Five Star. FAs dedicated their whole time taking care of passengers needs and this flight too was full. I compliment the whole team of this Flight for their efficiency and dedication. Food and drinks were served as you required and that too presented with care and polite attitude. Will keep flying with Qatar Airways!
 One way between Cape Town to London Heathrow via Doha with Qatar Airways. I travelled with Virgin Atlantic out to South Africa so was interested to see how they match up. Check in at CPT was quick but not much other interaction from the agent security was fairly quick, Qatar use the Bidvest lounge which was okay with food and drink on offer enough seating too. Boarding was a little slow I think due to the late arrival of the the aircraft but once on board the crew where responsive polite offering drinks amenity kits and menus. Flight departed around 30 minutes late I was in seat 2A which was very comfortable once airborne meal orders taken drinks offered and an apology for the late departure from the crew manager. Food was pretty good as was the service, I managed some decent sleep during the 9hrs 20min flight the entertainment system was okay but not very responsive. Arrival in Doha on time to a remote stand business class passengers bussed separately to the terminal, I used the Qatar lounge which is very good although huge it feels fine. Boarding from A3 on to the LHR flight was organised I had seat 22A on this flight which I like at the rear of business cabin. Again crew very responsive offering PJs night kits drinks etc. Departed on time although I skipped food and opted for breakfast 2 hours before arrival. I slept for 4 hours of this night flight woke by the crew to a pretty good breakfast about 2 hours out of LHR. Flight arrived almost 1 hour early which was nice bags off quickly I was home within an hour of landing. Great service I prefer the A380 to other Qatar aircraft although not used A350 yet. Better than Virgin,perhaps seat is much better. But my normal carrier BA are miles off the mark compared to Qatar.
  Phuket to Manchester via Doha. I have flown with Qatar Airways many times over the past few years, but will unlikely do so in the future. The planes and seating are first class, as are their cabin crew. Ground staff in Doha were unhelpful and the telephone helpline appalling. The frequent flyer programme was worthless - booking an upgrade turned into a nightmare with unreturned calls, and ended up after calculating price of calls and changes to tickets to have been almost a waste of time. 
  Dammam to Kozhikode return via Doha. I have flown quite a few times with Qatar Airways and they have been very impressive with their service. I would like to highlight one experience i had with them when i last flew with them in February 2017. The return flight from CCJ to DOH did not have a flight entertainment system and I did not get the food i had requested for. The staff are amazing. On my return I tweeted to Qatar Airways regarding the issues I faced and they were quick to respond to my query and assist. They were very apologetic for the mix up regarding the food and also made a reasonable explanation as to why there was no entertainment system on the return flight. They awarded me 3000 QMiles for the inconvenience caused. Thank you Qatar Airways for an amazing experience !
  Colombo to Stockholm via Doha. Colombo to Doha in business class on A340 and not impressed. The seats 2-2-2 setup were not as comfy as I was expecting and did not recline to full flat. The entertainment system had sound issues. The breakfast out of Colombo was not impressive. Overall might fly business again on Qatar Airways, but not on an A340.
  Milan to Cape Town via Doha. As a Gold Member for the past three years, Qatar Airways standards remain high when it comes to safety, professionalism, cleanliness, punctuality, and they are really trying hard to ensure passengers comfort. They crew are friendly and competent, food and wine is very good; ground assistance is good, they take care and ensure you board the flight when the time on the ground between flights is rather short. If we really wish to knit pick we could ask for an added mattress during overnight long flights or an L size of the grey pijama : the XXL given if oversize for most.
  Berlin to Denpasar via Doha. Website crashed and prices were inconsistent for me. Closing only via hotline possible. Berlin Airport check in with a long queue. Hand-luggage was weighed. Boeing 777 was new and cramped with a 3x4x3 seat configuration, I saw a little amount of lavatories. Menu was average nothing worth of mentioning. Seat width feels narrow to me. Inflight entertainment ok. Service understaffed to my eyes. Doha Airport was stressful for me, and unwelcoming. The premium classes may be worth of travel - the Economy is definitely not considered the current alternatives.
  Dubai to Amritsar via Doha. Flight from Dubai to Doha on A350 was comfortable. Flight Attendant smiling and attentive. Hot Snack Box with OJ is served on this 40 minute flight. Hence a quick busy shuttle flight which landed on time and all was good and efficient. After reaching Doha moved to Departure Hall. Hamad airport is dark and not properly lighten up.  Our onward flight to Amritsar was from gate C24 which is on the ground level. The place looks does not provide good travel experience. Boarding started zone wise an hour earlier but still bit chaotic. We are bussed to the aircraft. The aircraft was A321 which is full. The seats were not more than average and feel bit cramped.  Refreshing towel pack handed out but no menus were given.  Drinks are served with meal but no refill offered. Meal served is not up to 5 star mark and average. It took a long time for flight attendant to serve the meal and to take away trays after finishing the meal. The flight departs at 02:20 am and reaches by 08:15 am. It would be better and appropriate if they serve breakfast on this sector rather than serving dinner. There was a long queue for going to washroom after the meal. The good thing about this flight is that it departed on time and reached on time that too 10 minutes early and inflight entertainment was good.
  Amritsar to Dubai via Doha. Flight from Amritsar to Doha on A321 which was well maintained and legroom was good. The boarding started an hour earlier but not done zone wise and took almost 30 minutes to board the plane. No greetings from crew when boarded. The A321 is full and it would be better, if they deploy a bigger aircraft. The flight attendants were just doing their job and not smiling. Refreshing towel pack handed out and menus were given. Drinks served with meal but no refill offered. Meal served out of Amritsar was not up to 5 star mark and very average dinner. Veg Biryani with one small teaspoon of lentils and tasted bland. Desert of Mango Kheer tasted better. The main course is small. No tea or coffee served after the meal and you have to ask for this. Inflight entertainment was good. But the touch screen option takes longer time to do the action assigned. The good thing about this flight is that it departed 10 minutes before time and reached 20 minutes ahead of its scheduled arrival time. On reaching Doha, bussed to the arrival hall which is just 5 minutes ride. As there is no other flight arrival quickly pass through security for transits and then straight to departure hall. Flight to Dubai on A321 was comfortable. Flight attendants were smiling, attentive and doing their job with passion. Considering it a 5 star airline, no water or welcome drink was served, but a hot snack Box with OJ is served on this 40 minute flight. Hence a quick busy shuttle flight which landed on time and all was good and efficient.
  Doha to Bangkok. Wonderful first class journey from Doha airport check, immigration process to Al Safwa lounges all stamped with first class service and privileges. My flight was an overnight and as only two passenger on the first class cabin, the seat next to me was turn into bed for me, wonderful services and meal, the best airline.
  Return trip from Tokyo Haneda with the Boeing 787 to Doha and then onto Athens with the A330-200. Qatar Airways uses Japan Airlines lounge which is fantastic. The flight to Doha was very good. Once again the food was lovely and the plane comfortable. The host on my side was talking a bit casually and not as professional as others, but the one on the side of my fiancée was extremely polite. The A330 to Athens also nice and comfortable and the staff very attentive. All in all a great journey.
  Flew on Business class with Qatar from Athens to Tokyo Haneda via Doha. First leg of the flight was on a A320 with the old layout of business class seats which are the worst from what Qatar has to offer as they don't go into bed mode and aren't as nice as the newer ones, but it was ok for a 4.5 hour flight. Service was good and so was the food offered. On the second leg of the flight we flew on the Boeing 787. Indeed a spectacular aircraft with great layout, vey comfortable seats. The amenities given along with slippers, and pyjamas were top quality. The staff were very attentive and again everything was perfect from start to finish, Can't fault it.
  Dammam to Manila return via Doha. I have been flying with Qatar Airways, particulary on the Boeing 777-300ER from Doha to Manila, for a couple of years now in business class with much satisfaction. Each year, some additional nuances are added to make the flight more pleasurable. This last flight was on seat 2A (Dammam-Doha, A330-200) and 2K (Doha-Manila-Doha, B777-300ER) and 2A (Doha-Dammam, A320).  Cabin crew make extra efforts to provide passenger's needs anytime. Food options are very good. One note however, I still prefer the Armani amenity kit of the past rather than the latest one. I suppose Qatar Airways would like to consider utilizing a newer aircraft on certain days like the A350 or Boeing 787-8 on their Manila route (or Southeast Asian route generally).
 Munich to Colombo via Doha with Qatar Airways. The check-in on Munich Airport was very fast and easy, but the first flight was operated on a LATAM Brasil A350, which was less comfortable than proper Qatar aircraft. The meal aswell as the service on board was quite good, but not better compared to other airlines. Doha Airport was really great and modern, but because of the big delay, I didn't have that much time on the airport. The second flight was pretty similar to the first one, but luckily it was operated by a Qatar Airways A340-600 and the legroom there was pretty huge. All in all the flights on Qatar Aiways were pretty good and comfortable.
 Islamabad to Paris via Doha. Nothing to complaint about Qatar Airways because its the best airline in the world. The cabin crew are courteous, caring and friendly. The IFE is modern and easy to use. The aircraft are modern, comfortable, elegant and clean and the food is amazing.
  Madrid to Manila via Doha. Our inbound Iberia flight was delayed. It was a race against time. Upon deplaning, to the luggage belt and me up to the check in counter for our flight to Doha on Qatar Airways. When I got to the Business Class check-in counter, I was told that the check in was closed and she will have to see if her supervisor would allow us. At that point, my partner was still getting our bags out. I had to beg. It was such a low point that I had no choice but to do it. The check in staff told me to inform my partner to leave the bags behind, so i sent him a text. He arrived a few moments later. After checking in two bags and missing one, my partner gave the QR check in staff all the Iberia luggage tags for them to arrange whatever they could to send the missing bag to Manila. She asked for my email and she then promised to communicate via email. She escorted us to security clearance. Then after the checks, we ran, took the train to get to Terminal 4s. Upon reaching the terminal, we had to clear immigration, showed the staff the fast track, got cleared and we ran to Gate R-18. Gasping for air, we reached the gate. Boarding was about to finish. We made it in the nick of time. Sweltering in our sweat, the boarding staff informed us that two of our bags made it as well. When I try to look back, I gave ourselves allowance of almost three hours for our flight to Manila. Should Iberia did not bump us off, all should've gone smoothly as planned. I don't know what the purpose of OneWorld now is. It promises smooth travels with its partner Airlines. What for is the frequent flyer status when one is placed in situations such as this. I tell you, no monetary amount could compensate the distress that my partner and I had to undergo due to Iberia's shortcoming. When we got to Manila, Qatar Airways Ground Services was holding a placard with our names on it. We approached him and he told us that the QR agent in Madrid sent them an email regarding our missing luggage and that they would do their best to locate it and have it delivered to us. I hope I would get to hear from them soon and I hope OneWorld gets to do something about this. On the other hand, I would always commend Qatar Airways for their efficiency and for its impeccable service. They have always been reliable. To the QR check in staff who assisted us, I was not able to get your name at that time but I would always be thankful for making it possible for us to get on our flight. You deserve my commendation for a job well done.
  Flew Qatar Airways. Aircraft used on Vienna - Doha route was a fairly new Boeing 787. The cabin looked modern and neat, the cabin lighting set a soothing and relaxed atmosphere on board. Seats were quite comfortable, legroom was okay but overall the seat width felt narrow and cramped. Cabin crew were very professional and friendly. Meal quality was good given the cabin flown but in comparison to other airlines, the amount of drinks offered was insufficient in relation to the length of the flight. The in-flight entertainment offered was good, although the system was not intuitive and touchscreen seemed to react slow. Liked the goodie of 15 minutes complimentary on-board wi-fi!
  Flew both Qatar Airways Boeing 787 and Boeing 777 from Geneva to Manila via Doha. I must say that their services are very efficient. Seats are comfortable with a generous pitch. Flight entertaiment has great selection of films and music. Truly a five-star airline.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Pnom Penh. Check-in with Qatar Airways is always a blessing and takes seconds. Lounge in Ho Chi Minh City is very good (Apricot, 3rd part lounge) since renovation recently. I was the only visitor for the entire 3 hours when I was there. Food options delicious, drinks OK, but the wines were useless. Good catering and pre-departure drinks, but the flight is so short that there is no food provided and no food is available except some sweet cookies and nuts. FAs were kind and gave me extraordinarily a free amenity kit as I inquired for - but these are normally not given on short flights. Flight was early and arrived 20 Minutes ahead of schedule. I will travel economy on this route next time as the flight seems always empty. Or, go by the big detour with Malaysia Airlines over Kuala Lumpur for much less (if campaign prices).
  Very nice trip with Qatar Airways from Venice to Bangkok via Doha. Excellent food, service and crew. Both flights leaving on time and arriving early. Marco Polo Lounge in Venice with a nice design and typically Italian but basic food options. A330-200 with the older type of seats, which are in my opinion, although many writers here disagree, very comfortable and no problem to find several hours of sleep. It has not to be totally flat! A380 seat comfort a little better, more personal space and also good sleeping fully flat sleeping position. The only thing I would advise Qatar Airways to review and find a better supplier, is the coffee, awful on both legs.
  Flew Qatar Airways from Zagreb to Manila via Doha. All flights were on-time, food was very good, planes clean and service provided by FAs was great in every aspect, from friendliness to smiles. Even though they changed seating on B77W to 3-4-3 there was enough space to move legs and have few hours of sleep. I flew with them before and I'll be happy to fly with them again.

  Manila Clark to Madrid via Doha. This was the first time for us to fly out of Doha. We utilized the complimentary shuttle service at the Trinoma pick up point. There were just a handful of passengers so the bus ride was fine. Check in at CRK airport was okay although there was a glitch in terms of the seat assignment. When I purchased the tickets, I made sure seat assignments were reserved and confirmed. Unfortunately, when we get to the check in counter, we were assigned different seats on our DOH-MAD leg. I find it exasperating as my partner and I were traveling together yet we were situated in seats far from each other. What's the point of pre-selecting seats? Past the immigration clearance and security checks, we headed to the lounge. Lounge was pretty basic. A meagre selection of snacks and refreshments. Air-conditioning was way too cold. Whiled away the time at the waiting area. Boarding came, there was no system in place. Boarding queue was chaotic. Premium passengers were overtaken by coach passengers. Anyhow, in-flight service was superb. The cabin crew took heed of my specific requests. It was great as it was dining-on demand. Meal service was spotless. I had to stay up the whole flight to shun away from jetlag. Thanks to binge watching Modern Family and Friends on Oryx.
  Bangkok to Baku via Doha. Lounges in Baku and Bangkok are terrible. Al Mourjan in Doha is soulless and the staff ignored me. They gave me a sandwich containing an ingredient I am allergic to, after I told them I had a serious allergy. Food inflight is ordinary and on some routes, it's bad. Lack of a cheese plate flying GYD - DOH and BKK - DOH is unforgiveable. The saving grace is the cabin crew who are usually very good.
  Bangkok to Doha. First time business class in Boeing 777. Seat 2B. Great experience. Compared to previous trips on A350 and A380 this business class tops it all. Even the six seat in a row configuration allows more space than the four seat in a row like on A380. Food and beverage outstanding. Service very attentive. Good value for the money paid.
  Doha to Bangkok on 9th March. Aircraft left Doha with a slight delay and arrived at Bangkok on time. A380 fully booked. Seat 69H. Row in front has a bit more legroom. Food and beverage above average. Service all time very good and attentive. Overall good experience.
  Flew on 29th March from Doha to Frankfurt on QR 069. The boarding procedure at Doha was not good. The announcements were barely audible and a bit late. After boarding everything was all right. Seat number 6E. Lie flat seats and very good service. Food and beverage were outstanding. Good experience overall.
 Sydney to Paris via Doha. As a regular Qantas flyer this was my first experience flying with Qatar Airways, and I must say Qantas can learn a few things. From check-in to onboard experience this airline is hard to fault. The business class cabin, service and seat are hard to beat. Where this airline really shines is consistent service and food quality.
 Washington DC to Chennai via Doha. Qatar Airways is one of the best airlines I have flown. Their service is impressive and food is great. Great customer service (except one ground ticketing staff in Washington Dulles airport). Their inflight entertainment is the best with a lot of options and languages. I highly recommend this airline for long haul flights.
  Birmingham to Cape Town via Doha. Traveling with wife and 2 young kids, very impressed with the Boeing 787 from Birmingham. Was concerned about 17.3" seat but no need. Very comfortable flight all around and was able to use my cpap machine for sleep apnoea in flight with no issues which was why I chose the Qatar option in first place (787s all the way). Only criticism would be the IFE touch screen was very sluggish and the children's meals were drab plus no play packs for kids. On arrival at Doha had long walk carrying kids. Then found the Boeing 787 to Cape Town changed at last minute to Boeing 777-300. There was an air of frantic rush here as we were herded on plane when we should have departed. The seats were so unfortunately and no power for my medical equipment. Unlike previous flight staff did not know of my medical request and so I had a horrendous flight with no sleep. Again kids meal were drab and left though IFE worked better. Overall the Boeing 787 was brilliant and justified my route a choice but Boeing 777 cancelled this out.
  Barcelona to Bangkok return via Doha. Economic reality dictates these days that my QR flying has now to be in Economy, not Biz.  Both BCN sectors were in A330, which, though a little dated are a perfectly acceptable plane for a 6 hr flight. Still nice to have the 2-4-2 layout that enables a couple travelling to be able to sit by themselves. Doha to BKK was in an A380, which is a wonderful plane. The little Economy sector on the upper deck is as good as it gets in Economy, in my opinion, with great seats, and plenty of space, but from what I saw, the lower deck is almost as good. Which is why I was so disappointed when I found out that the Bangkok to Doha section was changed to a B777 300. What a come-down, QR felt fit to follow the trend of 3-4-3 in Economy, instead of the 3-3-3 . This cabin is seriously cramped. It was impossible to pass in the aisle if there was a large person or trolley in it, and no elbow room to eat etc in any seat. These people need to get the message that they cannot go squeezing yet more seats into already overcrowded jets to make a fast buck. Cannot speak for other carriers, but the difference on QR between their A380 offering and the 773 offering is embarrassing. 
  I traveled from Sharjah to Doha and Doha to Sydney in Qatar Airways business class. The business class seat and Doha business class lounge is very comfortable and perfect. Meal is very delicious with acceptable options. Also the A380 lounge is opened during flight from Departure to arrival with very friendly staff.
  Colombo to Doha in business class. The check in took almost 30 minutes which is not acceptable, and the third party facility in Colombo is really not up to Qatar Airways standards. Otherwise a lovely Inflight experience. Pre take off dinks individually taken and offered. Dine on demand menu is more than adequate for a 5 hour flight and executed faultlessly. The food was not that tasty and I was surprised. The seat is wide and there is so much space. The flight attendants are attentive and very pro active. They really do deliver a classy service.
  Cape Town to Doha, Seat 2K. One cannot but appreciate the consistent high level when it comes to service, cleanliness, safety, food, punctuality, friendliness. Assistance required and given in between flights as ground time in Doha was short. Doha to Milan Seat 2K all as good above with the exception of the seating : bad level of comfort, the seat was hard and reclines only to 165 degrees thus does not allow for a proper night rest.
  London to Denpasar Bali via Doha,  returning Jakarta to London via Doha. Outbound on A330 and inbound on the Boeing 787. After a horrendous journey through London to get to Heathrow, I was escorted to the front of the check-in queue and allowed to use Business Class check-in to make the 1 hour cutoff for my flight. Overnight flight from London to Doha was on time and unremarkable other than for some bizarre reason the main cabin lights were not switched off during the flight. Fortunately Qatar's economy amenities kit is good and features an eyemask, which was needed on this occasion. Legroom in seat 20K was poor due to the IFE box under the seat in front. Food was good and cabin crew were very polite. Hot towels served on boarding and in the morning which is a nice touch. The really good Qatar service came on transfer in Doha. After freshening up I made my way to the boarding gate for the Doha-Bali leg, to find an incredibly long queue for what was clearly a full flight. At the boarding gate, the agent switched my boarding pass and only after passing through the gate did I realise he had upgraded me to business class! The onboard business class service was impeccable. The seats were clean, had multiple recline positions and plenty of room to store belongings you wanted access to in-flight. There was a good pre-flight drinks service (including champagne), the amenities kit was excellent (featuring Armani products) and the cabin crew were the most polite and attentive I've ever encountered. Throughout the flight there was an on-demand meal service, superb wine list (including a Sauternes dessert wine) and the bathrooms were cleaned by a member of cabin staff after every use by a passenger. Absolutely faultless service. What's more, I did not feel that the staff treated me any differently just because I had the fortune to have been upgraded for free instead of having paid full price for the experience. Return flights in economy were very good and better than the outbound LHR-DOH leg: this had a lot to do with the Boeing 787 plane, which had far better lighting and more spacious seats, which made sleeping far easier. I had a window seat and appreciate the tinted window function on the Dreamliner. Again, cabin crew were excellent and the food was very good for economy class. IFE options were very good. Ground staff and gate agents on transfer in Doha some of the politest I've ever encountered. Overall, very impressed with the service that Qatar offers, and would certainly consider using them again flying to Asian destinations if the price is competitive with (e.g.) Singapore Airlines.
  New York to Bangkok via Doha. The food was among the worst I've had on a major carrier. It took a long time for them to remove our trays, over 30 mins after serving. The snacks were paltry and seats were no more than average. It was about the best entertainment system I've seen on long haul flights. My pillow went below my bottom instead of my head the seat was so uncomfortable.  The flights from Doha to Bangkok had particularly bad food, no middle eastern food was offered which I found strange. My chicken and potatoes with vegetables reminded me of a discount meal. The lounge had good food and a nice shower, but had a smoking room coupled with poor ventilation. On 3 of the 4 flights you could get 15 minutes of free internet, after which it cost 20 USD for 200 mb. Quite expensive for Internet onboard these days.  Too bad, I had such high hopes.
  Check in at Athens Airport was very fast and easy. The A330 we flew on towards Doha was a nice aircraft, decent, spacious seats, good inflight entertainment and also was half full which allowed for empty seats next to me which is always great. The cabin crew were professional, polite and efficient. Inflight food was also of good quality with two options available. We arrived on time in Doha and all was good. Doha to Dubai we flew with the new A350. Unfortunatelly it was a LATAM A350 which Qatar leased off them which was not as good as Qatar own ones but still for a 1hr flight its fine. All in all a very good journey.
  Flew back home with Qatar. Flight from Dubai to Doha was done on the A330. A quick busy flight which landed on time and all was good and efficient. Flight from Doha to Athens was done on Qatar's small A320 however it waas a very comfortable plane with spacious seats, inflight entertainment and the best thing is that it was almost empty which allowed empty seats next to passengers. The staff were extremely helpful (even approached me as a frequent flyer and greeted me). Food and beverages good as well. Cant fault it.
  Doha to Munich. As a solo traveller I hate their 2-2-2 configuration in the Boeing 777, which they fly from Amsterdam. To avoid this I use Belgium, Germany or even Skandinavian as starting point for my trip, since Qatar Airways uses the 787 or new A350 to Doha. I was unpleasantly surprised to find out that Qatar Airways uses a leased A350 from LATAM on their Doha-Munich route. The config in business class in this plane is 2-2-2 and more cramped than the 777. Toilets were messy, service below par and sitting near the window means climbing over your fellow passenger.  This was the second plane change for the worse in 5 months.
  Kuala Lumpur to London via Doha. A pleasant overnighter, departing Kuala Lumpur at 02:00, on which I got more than six hours sleep on the Boeing 787. I love this aircraft's cabin air quality. The seat is great and the 1-2-1 Business cabin is cosier than Qatar's A350 or 380. It left right on time. The Doha to London sector was a 777 with an older 2-2-2 layout and product, which my partner and I are usually quite happy with. But it does look and feel dated, compared with the latest Qatar Airways Business product. My seat seemed to dangle at the end, so didn't go completely flat. Still, this aircraft type will shortly be retrofitted with Qatar's latest Q Suite. Catering was good, in that as an alternative to the main breakfast offering, there were also several delicious alternatives. Cabin crew were excellent. The only issue was the frustrating 30 minutes holding before landing at Heathrow. But we still made it to the gate on time.
  My last flight from Doha to New York JFK was disappointing. Upon boarding, a couple in Business Class insisted to have their child, booked in Economy, upgraded and made a scene when it could not be arranged. In the process, several passengers were asked to change seats, some accepting and some not. The FAs stood by. The old Business Class seats in Boeing 777s are well below those found elsewhere. The food and amenity kits have been very downgraded. The winesremain very good. If you happen to like dark chocolate, you are not in luck. The boxes of four have been replaced by single milk pieces. The robot-like unsmiling service (with the exception of the perfectly charming Flight Service Director who acknowledged the facts and wrote her own report) was performed with no grace. Call buttons had to be pressed several times to be acknowledged. My IFE handset was unreliable, touch screen on the main video is too far to be easily accessed. In Doha, I found food availability and service in the Business Class lounge badly reduced. None of this is tragic and I very much realize the "Let them eat cake" aspect of such criticism. 
  Brussels to Singapore via Doha. Efficient check in at Bru airport, no priority security clearance for Qatar passengers. Qatar uses the BA lounge, which is rather basic. Boarding fast and organized. Seat on both flights identical, the great herringbone seats. Very comfy with lots of storage space. Service impeccable, food ex Brussels very average, slightly better ex Doha. Doha lounge massive, with good drinks, but average food. The place lacks soul. I had the chance to compare the B787 and A350 here, and the 350 wins with flying colors. Much quieter than the Boeing 787, the air is significantly less dry, the window shields more sophisticated, and even the toilet flush worked better. It feels more spacious and elegant than the 787. Overall good flights with average food.
  Kuala Lumpur to Copenhagen via Doha in March 2017. The ticket was the return travel on an extremely cheap economy ticket purchased for less than 500 USD several months prior to travel. Despite the ticket is in O-class, and thus not upgradable, they sent me an offer 2 weeks before to pay 400 USD extra for the last sector to CPH. I could not resist as this also gave me access to Al Mourjan Lounge in Doha, where I spent 15 hours, which I don’t mind. First sector: in Kuala Lumpur I tried all 3 lounges offered (Plaza Premium, Golden Business, and First Class). All were good. As the flight was only 30-40% full and as I am elite flyer they gave me 4 seats on the A340-600 to stretch out. In economy I was pampered throughout. Special meal accommodated and other meals offered. Drink rounds very, very frequent and staff super alert. IFE fine. At arrival in Doha only bus transport available to Terminal. Second flight on a Boeing 787-8, flight on time. Contact-gate in Doha. That makes things much easier and allowed for leaving the lounge late as the walk took only 5 Minutes from lounge to aircraft. Good service onboard, despite business class was full. Good food, excellent wines, poor beers. It annoys me that they request charity support from passengers for the “Educate a Child” charity. They want people to put money in envelopes onboard! I find this extremely intrusive and disrespectful to passengers.
  Smooth flight experiences on both ways from Zurich to Doha with Qatar Airways. Excellent business class layout and seats. Superb food and wine list. Only negative was that the screens on my seats were not touch screens and the navigation with the handset was a little difficult, because the touch screen there was to small for my fingers.
  Doha to Colombo return. The A340 seat layout is 2-2-2 style similar to Lufthansa. Seat comfortable, only minus is the rather narrow space for your feet. If you can, choose the front row, where the foot space is bigger. The IFE screens are big and as touch screens very responsive, excellent. Amenity kit on the flights to and from Colombo are more basic than on other international flights, but it is only a 4h 30min flight. Flight from Doha left 50 minutes late due to a medical emergency on board before take off.  Return flight uneventful with on time departure and early arrival.
  Colombo to London via Doha. The sector from Doha to London was flawless on an A380-800. The flight took off and arrived on time. In-flight services were very good. The seating was 3x4x3 and there were plenty of toilets. The flight attendants were attentive without being overwhelming. Altogether a good flight. The Colombo to Doha sector on an A340 with 2x4x2 seat configuration had a few problems. Although I had checked in online I had to join the queue to drop my bag off. I could not see the point of checking-in online. The check-in/bag drop girl spoke in phrases and not in sentences. Boarding was rather chaotic but I presume that this is mostly to do with the airport staff at Colombo. The flight departed 1 hour and 10 minutes late after boarding and because of a thunderstorm. CMB-DOH sector not good but DOH-LHR sector was very good.
  Hong Kong to Madrid via Doha. Nice flight, very nice check in, very nice flight attendant especially on the flight Doha to Madrid. The flight was late and they advised on air to the airport that we would be late. Chief of cabin talked Portuguese, made us feel confortable with the delay, the Boeing 787 is a fantastic plane lots of seat space and does not seem to end the trip so tired. The inflight entertainment stills has a way to go against the competitors
  Nice boarding in Madrid, very nice flight but flight attendent seems to be flying for the first time. My wife asked for a Low Fat Meal, we had to tell her both times that we had that meal, because somehow she seems to forget, nevertheless she had the seat number on the tray. This was on the Madrid to Doha Flight, the flight to Hong Kong was regular but I like the IFE better on Emirates, better tech on the Qatar but less choice.
  Bangkok to Frankfurt via Doha. Before my flight, I have spoken to their Twitter. They respond within an hour, and if they don't, they apologise. During check in, it was chaotic and took me an hour. I understand since it's the big A380. The staff was nice, and answered all my questions. Apparently, the flight was overbooked. After tweeting this, Qatar airways was more than apologetic.  Boarding was orderly, and a flight attendant greeted me at the door. When I got to my row, I met a Canadian flight attendant who started conversations with everyone and did this throughout the flight if she wasn't busy.  She was very polite. Actually, all the flight attendants were polite and smiling. All of my flights left slightly late. The seat is comfortable however I had the last row so I had limited recline. Seats on the A380 and A350 are the same, and are very wide and comfortable. Legroom is sufficient for a 13 hour flight. One thing I would suggest they add would be a footrest. The TV screen is big, and touch screen responsive, rendering the remote useless. The food onboard was excellent. On the legs to and from Bangkok, The flight attendants saved a meal choice just for us. Try to choose the beef. Most of the time they have braised beef and potatoes, or spiced chicken. They are a bit sluggish, but still smile whenever they're interacting with passengers. I found the  red wine to be low quality. I didn't like all of the audio selections, but at least they had 5 Celine Dion and 4 Michael Jackson albums, which kept me entertained. Movie selection is good. During deplaning, the flight attedant gave me a tour of the upper deck including the bar, business and first class. During transit in Doha, security check is much more organised than Taipei or Narita airport, but there a rude staff member at gate check who refused to let me board with my friend who was a Gold card member. On the return flight, I met a nice lady at check in who was having conversations with me and appreciated me trying to speak French. During flight, one Romanian attendant asked me to help translate, and she was very friendly and had conversations with me. On the flight to bangkok, there was a Malaysian flight attendant who was also very nice and talkative (I'm also talkative) so we had too much conversation, she wasn't able to service other passengers. Overall, an amazing experience unlike any other airline. I look forward to flying Qatar Airways business class in the future, when I save up! 
  Doha to Riyadh. Excellent service, comfort, food and quality of aircraft. Shame it was only an hours flight. Were one of the first to board and were given hot towels and welcome drink. Air hostesses were very attentive and polite. Since this was an early morning flight were given breakfast which was of high quality. I recommend Qatar Airways.
  London Heathrow to Doha. Business Class in the A350 most the best compared to its competitors. The service from check in to the lounge up to the gate was excellent. Staff were very apologetic of the short delay from London and again due to missing out on the pre takeoff drink, which was offered to me after takeoff the air hostess apologised for the inconvenience. This aircraft has a 2 class configuration (Economy and Business) and they take customer service to the next level. Food was great and actually tasted great for airline food, especially the dessert. The full flatbed seats were in a 1x2x1 layout and were very comfortable.
  Doha to London Heathrow in December 2016. Best Economy class ever flown. Seats were comfortable and in flight entertainment was great. We were on row 50 as we had an infant with us, the leg room was good for economy and near to the rest rooms. Service and staff attitude was excellent. Breakfast was okay and probably on par with Emirates.
  Riyadh to Doha. Nice experience and can say Qatar Airways lived up to its expectation as a 5 star airline. Food was good and we were given the seat preferences as per check in. Flight was a little delayed due to late passengers but did not affect me as the connecting flight was later.
  Tunis to Doha. The flight crew made me feel very welcome, so friendly and happy, and the flight manager was caring about the passenger one by one, she was smiling and offering to help with genuine smile and professional manner. The seat is amazingly comfortable and the entertainment is superb, the food is perfect and more than enough.



  Frankfurt to Windhoek return via Doha. Economy from Frankfurt to Doha was in a new A350. The seats were acceptable, large screen, but the movie program was a disappointment. I found the food horrible. Crew was very nice. Arrival in Doha on time. The connecting flight was almost 3 hrs late due to late incomming aircraft. A Boeing 787, narrow seats, (entertainment box under some seats, plugs for headphones hidden in armrest). Same bad food for me, and very nice crew.  Return flights were similar aircraft types with the same topics. I found the constant noise from the on/off signals for seat belts on a night flight quite annoying. After a few repetitions no one paid attention, since there were no turbulence to mention.
  Doha to Alexandria. It was amazing flight, the cabin crew was so nice and the food good. The seat was comfortable and the airport facilities in Doha was awesome for me. The best airline, a good ticket price and excellent service and entertainment.
  Travelled Qatar Airways from Copenhagen - Doha - Kuala Lumpur on 4th and 5th March 2017. Flights on time. Excellent trips and service top notch. It can hardly get better in economy. Staff caring, respectful, trying to pamper me at great lengths. Check-in cooperative and discussed opportunities for upgrade which I eventually could not as my ticket was extremely much discounted (purchased through global sale). Lounge used in CPH is the Aspire, which is rubbish but QR are now negotiating with the new Lounge “Adventure” to change which could be a big boost. I was acknowledged as Platinum card holder on board and got extremely good attendance throughout. They prepared a special starter for me with rice-salad and cheese and wine. Drinks ad libitum, now only 1 white and 1 red wine available and no champagne. These 2 wines were – to my taste – extremely good. The white wine was South African produced from Pinot Gris grapes with an extremely rich taste. Were given 2 hot meals on both legs. They were all different, tasty, and good. The fact portions were small was outweighed by generous additions when requested. Flights not full and I could sleep stretched out on 3 seats on each leg. Flights only 500 USD (return ticket).
  Bangkok to Copenhagen via Doha on 1st/2nd March 2017. Flights on time. Check-in a pleasure. FAs on top of things and one gets pampered with a good focus on each passengers despite business class were full on both flights. Food and drinks kept good standards though have slipped a little bit. Wines onboard are excellent, however, their beers are lousy, extremely boring, and all alike – seems to be a sad trademark of QR. Dine on demand seems to have caused smaller portions without proper stable food (other than accompanying bread). FAs on the last sector (to CPH) were much less professional and uncertain on how to please passengers as compared to FAs on the BKK-DOH sector. Al Mourjan lounge in Doha is very good. Very cheap ticket purchased during their ”global sale” in May 2016, almost a year earlier. Miles were very generous due to unexpected, additional promotions (that I randomly ran in to as they were not there when ticket was purchased) and instantly credited to my account. My Priv. Club card was instantly upgraded to Platinum even before landing in Copenhagen. This I would call for a pleasant and soft landing. IFE good, amenity kit replaced by new brand, lovely. I got pyjamas on night sectors. Bar on A380 was lively, likely due to fully loaded cabins. Headphones good. Qatar Airways delivers.
  Denpasar to London Heathrow via Doha. The seats on this aircraft were very comfortable and the staff were second to none. I flew on an A380 and a Boeing 777-300ER, the leg room is better than other airlines in economy. The staff could not have done enough, on my flight from DOH to DPS I was sat in the middle with 4 other men, broad shoulders, so they upgraded me to business! I will be flying this airline again long haul as I think they are one of the best carriers out there in terms of leg room and routes. My only complaint would be that the meals are rather small, so you might be hungry during the flight. I only paid £350 for my flight from London to Bali return so exceptional value too.
  London to Lahore return via Doha. Outward London to Doha 777 left on time, flight full, more room in seats than other carriers, food average. Doha to Lahore A330 far from new. Flight full, seats less comfortable, breakfast served was edible but not outstanding. A320 from Islamabad to Doha upgraded to business class as connection time was tight and plane was full. Full meal served and what a difference both in cabin crew attitude and food quality which was excellent. Doha to London, A350 rushed to make connection and no aircraft at the stand. Flight delayed by 2.5 hours but no reason given. A350 with hard seats but wider and more leg room. Plane was modern and flight quieter than with 777. Meal served was average. Apology for delay from Captain on landing at Heathrow 2.5 hours late. IFE was good throughout.
  Dubai to Manila return via Dubai.  Both flights on time. Decided to change my seat to exit row 25H and was assisted upon arriving in Doha through their transfer desk. Staffs are helpful in Hamad airport. While on board everything is ok. Meals are fine. Returning check in was smooth at Manila. Terminal 1 of MNL is not as chaotic as before. Departed and arrived on time in both sectors. Cabin crews are more helpful and professional compared to the previous flight. Inflight meals are better also maybe because it depends on the catering providers on each destination. Overall it was a wonderful flight.
  London to Singapore via Doha was a disappointing journey. A380 is great; so quiet and nice onboard lounge. Qatar Airways catering is usually very good, but QR10 departing London at 0900 offered a (poor) breakfast service and that was it! On the DOH-SIN sector I skipped dinner to try to sleep on this 7 hour overnight flight, but I couldn't wear the far too large sleeper suit and the cabin temperature was too high, so I sweated and got dehydrated. Cabin air was as dry as older aircraft, so I left the flight feeling rough. Not like Boeing 787, and not how A350 should be. My partner got a nosebleed because of dry cabin air. I was heading for Malaysia but chose Singapore over KL purely for the A350, which proved to be a mistake. A350 is not as quiet as A380, but the seat is the same. Transit in Doha was badly managed with no staff to guide transfer passengers to correct route.
  Krabi to Munich via Doha. The meal is only average. Sometimes they offered a menu list with options but on other long-haul flights they didn’t seem to. They did not distinguish between their vegan, vegetarian, low-carb, no-milk meals and have one low-calories meal for all meatless options. So while others get a cake, you get fruits, when others get a yoghurt, you get a low-fat yoghurt. There is also an inflight entertainment box under the window seats, which makes the flight uncomfortable. If you are flying the old A330, there is no USB connection and we could not charge our mobile phones. The A330 IFE did not have touchscreen control and headphones were of poor quality. 
  We had a flight from Amsterdam to Bangkok via Doha in business class. We fly freqently with Qatar Airways and are silver member. We started the first flight with a Boeing 777, a plane we like. Everything was okay, the food was excellent as were the wines, and the staff is very kind! Also stop in Doha was a pleasant experience. We visit it a couple off times but stil amazing lounge. The next flight Doha to Bangkok with the A380 that's different, the business class is so big, We fly 3 times with a A380 but everytime we try a different seat but is so crouwded so chaotic with the staff. Don't get me wrong,the food is very good, staff is friendly, but there are to many guests, they can't give good service! For the rest it's good value for your money. We will fly Qatar Airways anyway. 
  Flew Doha to Johannesburg. Qatar has one of the best business class products. 6 seats across on the B777 seem to be tight, but even if you have a window seat, you do not have to step over your neighbor as there is so much space between the rows. As always, the catering out of Doha is exceptional, and the wine list leaves nothing to be desired. The crew were excellent, and I really like that you can eat when you want, and whatever you want on the menu at anytime. The pyjamas were the last touch that made this night flight great. I cannot wait to try the A350 as the guy next to me told me that they are the ultimate plane in business class on the Qatar Airways fleet. Also, if you are flexible, the Qatar business class fares can be a bargain compared to other airlines.
  Doha to Auckland. Having flown 7hrs with Qatar from Edinburgh to Doha with a quick change to this 16hr 30 minute flight I was concerned that it would feel very uncomfortable being on such a long flight. I'm happy to say It was not. You just relax into it, especially in business class. This is a wide bodied aircraft which felt quite spacious in business having 6 seats to the row and a large personal tv screen for all the movies. The food was fantastic - having had a beef meal on the previous flight, I chose a Nobu lightly spicy broth with seafood followed by a fabulous red snapper, saffron cream and asparagus and the wines worthy of this airline which was deservedly voted having the best wine cellar in the sky. (Ch. Brane Cantanac red, fine Chablis and Babich Sauvignon from Marlborough NZ). Best of all was the flexibility about when to eat and being such a long flight, there was a constant supply of bottled water, cups of tea and snacks. The seating arrangement works well with easy access to the aisles although a little more storage space for the things we want beside us on a long haul flight would have been more helpful. The cabin crew were charming and no request was too much trouble. I would have no hesitation in flying this longest scheduled flight route in the world again. 
  Adelaide to Oslo via Doha. Had the pleasure to fly again with Qatar Airways. The service in business class is far superior to any other airline I have flown. Call bells was attended to promptly. Food is well prepared and delicious. Decent selection of wine and spirits. Seats very comfortable and they provide pajamas on the long haul sectors. Good amenity kit. Lounge in Doha excellent. Well worth their 5 star rating.
  Our last flight was from Bangkok to Hanoi in economy class. We are silver member so we get priority lane and lounge access in Bangkok airport. Very friendly staff on board, they knew us from the flight the day before from Doha to Bangkok! (On small flights we take economy class). So nice and friendly again. Got preferred seat. Good service! I hope it will stay like this.
  Sydney to Vienna via Doha and returning from London to Sydney via Doha with Qatar Airways. This was a mixed Business/Economy fare (which was really good value) with Sydney to Doha in Business and Economy onwards to Vienna and the same back to Doha from London. I unwittingly got to travel in all three classes and can only say positive things about this airline. Business Class from Sydney to Doha was great really nice cabin and seat, well thought out with loads of storage space. The wine selection was also outstanding (I am a wine buff), food a bit more average. A really good flight and the lounge in Doha is excellent, if a little hard to find. Business felt like a real 'treat' and was a really nice way to start a holiday. Economy to and from Europe was decent enough - but especially coming back in the A380. Try and get a seat upstairs at the back of Business - small cabin with it's own toilets and only about 8-10 rows. I managed to score the front row so had heaps of leg room. From Doha back to Sydney they upgraded me to First from Business - what a treat! The Krug and caviar went down a treat and every aspect of the flight was excellent. I was really impressed by Qatar Airways and feel it is superior to both Qantas and Emirates.


  Medina to Istanbul via Doha. Our flight was overbooked from Medina when we got to the airport. We were told that only 3 of the 6 passengers could board the flight. We had a layover in Doha for a day so the connection time wasn't an issue. The check in staff told us that we came late to check in but then we argued that it doesn't mean that you can check in 3 passengers and can't check in the other 3 as we all came at the same time. Then they told us the truth that the flight was overbooked after 20 minutes and they said the next 3 flights are fully booked. So 3 of the passengers boarded the flight and the other 3 including me stayed at Madina airport. The Qatar airways manager was very calm and helpful. He put us on the next flight which was in 4 hours, gave us free lounge access and gave us compensation more that what we bought the ticket for. The flight from Medina to Doha was pleasant, food was nice, atmosphere was calm, and there was good in flight entertainment. The second flight to Istanbul was even better with more of a choice of food, inflight entertainment, and WiFi onboard which was working well. Overall the service by the cabin crew was brilliant and I would definitely recommend Qatar airways.
  Bangkok to Doha, 09 Feb 2017, Economy Class seat 026D Airbus A380. Flight attendants and staff are excellent and genuine. Onboard the A380 you have a comfortable seat with satisfactory legroom (32 inches) and generous width (18,5 inches). Frequent flyers are seated on the upper desk, and usually may be assigned their favorite seat number, if they ask for it. Overall, flying the A380 with QR is an excellent experience. We just hope that Qatar Airways will keep their generous seat width (18,5) on the A380, and will not shift to a 17 width seat, as on their B777 (10 seats abreast). 
  Madrid to Taif via Doha. I normally fly this airline if they have the route. I will overfly my destination and give myself a layover in Doha because they are were so good. I arrived with my 11 year old son very early for check in Madrid. So much so they were still checking in the early flight to Doha. QR 150 not 152. But they checked me in early superb service from the check in staff. A male boarding supervisor came and destroyed 8 years of perfect customer satisfaction in a few minutes. He informed me that I was welcome to use the silver lounge pass but my 11 year old son (minor) was not. This cost was incurred by Qatar Airways and despite he being registered as a minor family member he would not be able to use the facilities in Madrid as they cost Qatar Airways too much money and they had to pay for this service. A family member and a minor. He then confidently called the previous female supervisor who Qatar Airways should be very proud to have a an employee for her courteous and professional demeanor and manner who promptly over-ruled his decision and issued my 11 year old (minor) accompanying passenger to sit with his only accompanying passenger in the Iberia VIP lounge in terminal 4s. Having flown no airline but Qatar Airways for the last 7-8 years occasionally overflying my destination and having long layovers in one of the nicest airports in the world this will no longer be the case as matter of course. There are choices. When I become a burden of inconvenience for my loyalty as a customer then something happened to the overall picture. The flight was OK. Night flight nothing special other than the fasten seat belts sign was illuminated for the duration of the meal service and collection of trays, with no Turbulence.  I look forward to returning to the best standards achievable in my next flight. The numerical assessment reflects my belief this was a one off by people / individuals having a bad day and professional people rectifying the issues after much deliberation. Hence still recommended. Doha to Taif was perfect as always. Except having bought a Qatar Airways ticket found myself on an Al Maha badged aircraft (internally) with no IFE. The staff are to be commended for this leg!
  Taif to Madrid via Doha. The first leg was on an old A320 with no IFE. Need to modernize and refurbish these no IFE on any flight nowadays is really not acceptable especially for an airline of this standard. Other than that very nice flight with attentive flight crews good food and good service. 10 hour wait in Doha. Hotel entitlement is not automatic even though when booking they say they will accommodate. So we saw our co-passenger off and spent an extremely pleasant and long wait in Hamad airport. Access to the Oneworld / Silver lounge. This is not the Business class lounge used by Qatar business ticketed passengers. Nevertheless very pleasant stay, well staffed and good food. Sleeping room was great were we spent most of our time in between eating. The flight on the Boeing 787 from Doha to Madrid was excellent. Very food IFE. Nice flight, good connectivity. Attentive crew the usual perfect Qatar Airways attention to detail. Well done to everyone for another memorable flight. 
  Copenhagen to Bangkok via Doha. My last flight our prebooked seats were given to other passengers. This was solved after long discussion at the airport check in. Then our Priority tags on our suitcases were removed somewhere between check in and loading to aircraft. So we had to wait nearly an entire A380 flight baggage to be delivered before getting our so called Priority bags. Our connecting flight from DOH to BKK was delayed about 6 hours, so we spent the night at DOH airport. They started out with a 3 hour delay, and later when the first 3 hours was nearly elapsed the delay was changed to 6 hours. Qatar Airways has a rule to give hotel accommodation if the delays is 6 hours or more, but of course we did not get this. It was a disaster trip.
  Geneva to Johannesburg return via Doha. Three months before the departure date Qatar Airways rescheduled the flight so that it left 4 hours later, but didn't inform me. I only learned about it the day before, and consequently had to rebook my connecting flights at my destination with a penalty of €150. Then as if that wasn't enough the flight left almost 2 hours late and I missed my connecting flight in Doha, and had to stay 18 hours for the next flight. I arrived at my final destination 24 hours later. I contacted the customer service and explained my case, but they not want to reimburse my rebooking fee. 
  Brussels to Singapore via Doha. The time between for the connecting flight was only 45 minutes. The time of leaving the plane we had a minimum of time, so all passengers to Singapore run to the gate for the connecting flight with the A350-900. At the gate, the staff informed us that there was a technical problem, we stayed waiting without any information. After more than 2.30 hours we could get onboard the plane. No voucher was given, not even water, and I arrived with a delay of 3 hours in Singapore. I thought the meals on board were horrible. The distance between the seats was horrible. (31-32" seat pitch)
  Mid-afternoon flight from Johannesburg to Doha on a very clean Boeing 777-300. The seating, entertainment content and service were amazing. The only let down was the food as I expected better in Business class (choices were chicken, hake, or vegetarian). The wine list was good, although the servings were small - not every flight attendant seems to serve the same amount of wine, and some are more generous than others. But overall a very pleasant flight.
  Philadelphia to Denpasar Bali via Doha. Before choosing Qatar Airways for our flight to Bali, I studied many, many reviews of a number of different airlines which led to my choosing Qatar Airways for our flight to Bali. I booked these tickets myself online, so was a bit anxious about any hitches that might occur, since this was the first time for both a flight of this magnitude and my unfamiliarity with this airline. I am so very happy I chose them because of the many flights I have taken, both inside the US and internationally, Qatar Airways currently has my vote as the best - for service, for seating and for overall efficiency and pleasant travel. Check-in, both in the US and in Bali was exceptional: Fast, efficient and friendly. I am mobility-impaired, and need a wheelchair for distances in the airport. I cannot stress the exceptional quality of care that was given to me, from the point of entry into the Qatar area. Not only in terms of fast, friendly transport through check-in, customs, security and onto the planes, but once I was entered into their system as mobility-impaired at the first airport, we were upgraded to more comfortable seating: very helpful. Service on the planes was impeccable. Staff was friendly, attentive (note, these were almost 13 and 10 hour flights, so staff were on for long hours) to requests and periodically checked, even if no requests were made. I pre-ordered meals (not necessary, I discovered unless you really do want special meals) and was able to change the request while in-flight. Meals, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian options, were tasty (on the way out particularly, featured a lot of protein), were plentiful and beautifully served. Since when on US flights do we get served with real silverware?  Plenty of individual entertainment options; a nice seat pack that included eyeshades, ear plugs,and other goodies; good blanket; good earphones, etc. Kids get special treatment with extra goodies - and maybe as a result (or else we had exceptional parents, babies and children both ways), little crying or loud kiddie noises during these long, exhausting flights). I could go on and on, but suffice it to say, I look forward to flying Qatar Airways again, and am recommending it to people I know as an excellent option. I have no clue as to what happens in business and first class, but I would say have no qualms about booking economy seats on Qatar Airways. One additional thing: Next time, I intend to make a stopover in Doha, especially on the way back, because flying to Southeast Asia seemed easier than the return, maybe due to time differences, we had actually been awake much longer. But also because Doha looks fascinating. I will at the least plan a longer layover, because from the airport, on can actually get 3 or 5 hour city tours. There is an airport hotel, but it is also easy to arrange to stay over for a day or two. Just check it out.
  Abu Dhabi to Hong Kong via Doha. Qatar Airways is definitely above the other Gulf airlines for me. I was a frequent flyer with Etihad Airways (which disappointed me a lot during the last years) but decided to give a try to Qatar Airways.  The big plus of Qatar Airways is crews members and attention to the details. You feel they try the max in order to make this experience enjoyable even while flying economy. Fast check-in, easy transfer, many ground staff available at Hamad airport for assistance, comfortable and new aircraft, tasty food served in a generous quantity, great entertainment system. Incredible experience.
  Paris CDG to Doha. Qatar Airways is such a nice airline to fly with. From the check in experience until the arrival is amazing, however it has a few flaws. From the check in, they checked me all the way to Kuala Lumpur, everything went nice and smooth. I am Indonesian living in Jakarta so ground staff asked me that if I do have the ticket to Jakarta or not and I explained I want to spend time in Kuala Lumpur and have the ticket to CGK. Here's a little tip, I recommend that you guys should check-in via web since Qatar Airways provided a faster lane for web check-in users, however they still print the boarding pass so it's no need to print on your own, you just only have to complete your personal info. Hence after check-in, I directly headed to the boarding gate, it has no problem and everything went smooth. Boarding to the aircraft, I was greeted by the warmf flight attendants. Our seat located on the front was shown by the FA. My sister wanted to take a pic with the FA and she is very nice and friendly to her. Before departure, my sister which is 10 yo was given a colorful monopoly bag with board games for entertainment. However after 10 minutes taxiing, the aircraft was going back to the gate due to some trouble (which wasn't told to the passenger) and we had a delay of an hour, so that they gave us free water or juice. After 1.5 hours taxiing, we finally leave Paris. Inside the A380, the seat is quite different with the A340s and 777s of Qatar, it has the neck rest. It is actually quite good for me, a person taller than 5'7", however it could be a disaster for a person with lower height. The cabin crew handed out dinner.  The meal was pretty awesome and had a rich taste (keep in mind that arabian food has lots of spices in their food which is great). Another thing is that I can actually fill a water bottle to make me keep hydrated even when i remain seated so that i do not need to call the fa for some drinks. After the meal, I discover the in-flight entertainment and it was pretty cool. The screen was big and it was very responsive (in comparasion to the 777s of Qatar's). It also have the mini PDA-like remote which is very responsive. Qatar Airways offer new movies, and I watched 2 new movies during this sector. However, the A380s doesn't seem to have wider collections rather than the 777s. During the flight, free wi-fi for economy passengers is offered for a limit (15 minutes, 10MB). The internet connection was horrible however I manage to chat with a few people though. 2 hours prior to landing, served a snack and coffee. Also during the hours we suffer some turbulences but the cabin crew manage to handle professionally. What I like during the flight is that I feel the A380s are very quiet in comparason to the 777s so that we could rest. Overall, it was an awesome flight.
  Doha to London Heathrow, economy class on B787. Having flown the A380 on my outbound flight, this aircraft felt a little cramped particularly for seat width. We hit the jackpot with cabin staff on this flight, those in our section of the plane were Filipino and simply wonderful. They were really cheerful to customers throughout the flight, efficient bar and meal service, and most importantly they kept coming around the cabin after lights out to check on customer needs. Food was okay, nothing more, but the rest was excellent - particularly the inflight entertainment.
  Frankfurt to Cape Town via Doha. I normally use Etihad or Turkish from Frankfurt to South Africa. First time Qatar Airways Business Class and very happy with it. On the shorter leg Frankfurt-Doha they use their youngest fleet of Boeing 787 and A350, both equipped with the most spacious and luxurious seats I have ever sat in. Lots of legroom, lots of room to stow away your belongings. Even pajamas in Business class during night flights. Only flaws were the restricted and slow WiFi on board, a very small menu on their night service Doha to Frankfurt with little choice and the lack of a chauffeur service for Business guests. Etihad and Emirates offer this service. Hamad Airport and Qatar Airways lounge facilities at Doha airport are of a breathtaking quality, just splendid. The Cape Town service is flown with Boeing 777-300. Less comfortable, no WiFi, but still competitive for a 5 star airline. The friendliness and attentiveness of all the crew members during all 4 flights was close to perfection. Will definitely fly them again.
  Flew back to Edinburgh on 14 January from Kuala Lumpur via Doha. I have flown with Qatar Airways several times now and have enjoyed each trip immensely. The food is very good, great in flight movies, comfortable seats and friendly cabin crew. One particular cabin crew member was extremely helpful, courteous and very polite during the flight. He provided first class service and it makes such a difference to be made welcome and comfortable especially when travelling on a lengthy journey. 
  London Heathrow to Colombo via Doha. The flight from London to Doha was on an A380-800 and was flawless. In spite of freezing weather at LHR we took off only 30mins late and after de-icing. The cabin crew were great and the meals were good. The seat configuration was 3x4x3. We got to Doha on time with enough time for transit. My next flight from DOH to CMB was on a A330 with 2-4-2 seating and which felt rather claustrophobic after the A350-800. Cabin service was not as good as on the LHR-DOH sector.
  Buenos Aires to Singapore via Doha. The service at the Doha airport during a delay was terrible, when our flight suffered a 7 hours delay in Doha (initially a 2 hours delay) and we were given a couple of meal vouchers. To get the vouchers we had to ask several people from the Qatar staff (the staff at the lounge desk wasn't able to give any information, so we had to return the transfer desk). Phone support was unavailable : I called the hotline and remained waiting for 20 minutes before I hung up. 

  Manchester to Singapore via Doha. Flight from Doha to Singapore delayed by almost 3 hours as we arrived in Doha. I had to ask the transfer counter as my onward journey from Singapore will be affected. One agent at the transfer counter listened to me and calmly suggested another flight to my final destination. She changed my second flight and I finally got to my final destination yesterday, although 2 hours later. I would like to thank her for listening calmly and then to offer a different flight. She is a true gem indeed and this reflects well on Qatar Airways. Unlike other transfer staff who didn't listen and just gave us a meal voucher without explaining or listening to the customers. Thanks to her professionalism, this review is getting a decent rating although my second flight was delayed. If only all staff can treat customer as professional and courteous as she did, despite delays and disgruntled customers, Qatar Airways will continue to do well.
  My preferred airline for medium to long haul travel. Very competitively priced. Cabin crew very courteous and professional. Full services with onboard entertainment, meals and drinks. Modern planes, Boeing 787 on many routes, pleasant seating. However, connections at Doha can be a cardio exercise if connecting gates are located at opposite ends of airport - the shuttle train since3 opened in January 2017.
  This is my second time flying with Qatar Airways since 2015. The trip from Kuala Lumpur to London via Doha was great, I received my preferred seat, which was the very rear seat. The seats are rather comfortable despite it was almost full for the first half of the journey, the foods they serve are tasty and rather fine for the economy class. Entertainment system worked fine and the programs were updated. The cabin crew responded anything I needed very quick and even though I did not sleep (I can't sleep on plane, ever) the whole journey was rather comfortable and I arrive London with a positive happy mood. I guess the only downfall is the wifi connection are not working all the journey.
  Edinburgh to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. First leg Edinburgh - Doha the plane is on time, and it also have huge space for me to put my hand luggage on the bottom seat instead of overhead compartments, the food was nice as expected with entertainment system working just fine, seat is very comfortable. And the only let down is the Wifi and connection to the iPod to the Oryx system is not working. Second leg (Doha - Kuala Lumpur)  I was upgraded to the business class for whatever reason it is (I am not complain). And is my second time in business class, the seat are very comfortable and with the flexibility of meals they provide all were 5 stars quality. You can adjust the seats in the position most comfortable at. I was treat well during the whole journey and leave the plane happily with just minor issues.  The place to plug in the earphone and store your belongings (phone, wallet etc) were rather awkward just below and beside the handrest, is bit difficult to plug it or store it. I try to turn the seat into bed position and it was not that comfortable as it is hard. At the end of the day I wish the plane arrive "a lot later" as I didn't want my experience in business class end, so I guess that summed how good is the flight.
  My husband and I were flying from Moscow to Bali via Doha. The first segment was okay, but during Doha to Denpasar after 20 minutes of flying we found it is really cold in the cabin. We told the cabin crew about this but it wasn't ok even after two hours. We and the rest of the passengers put on all winter clothing we had and asked the cabin crew to make it warmer at least a little bit. It took five hours of asking to make it warmer in the cabin. I think the cabin crew just did not understand what we were talking about as the galley areas were warmer. They give you a brunch menu but our choice was finished by the time they get to us. I think catering professionals should know how to make all the items in the menu last for all clients. On the positive side the cabin crew were very nice and polite.
 Melbourne to Casablanca via Doha, returning from Barcelona. Very good business class product by Qatar Airways. Boeing 777 from Melbourne offers a very comfortable space. Slept well on both legs, as the cabin was slightly cooler making it comfortable (even through lots of turbulence DOH to MEL). Flight attendants were very attentive on all legs, although they were not quite ready to greet customers on the DOH to MEL flight, but quickly made up for it once on board and seated. Flew on the Dreamliner from Doha to Casablanca and I found it very stuffy. The seating arrangement was ok, but lacked the space of the Boeing 777. Barcelona to Doha, I sat next to a employee of Qatar (I believe a senior member) who was very well cared for by the attendants which as a paying customer was interesting to observe this attentiveness. He is very proud of Qatar Airways and their product which is good to hear the other side. I will be flying with them again in late August and look forward to the experience in the A380.
  This trip has been a mixed bag with the outbound flight from Adelaide to Oslo via Doha being essentially good and without incident. However the return trip open jaw from Barcelona after a cruise was a different matter. The onboard experience on the flight from Barcelona to Doha was good and our hostess for our section of the plane was outstanding, but ground staff at Barcelona left a lot to be desired particularly for business passengers. We arrived before the check in start time and had to wait for staff to arrive and set themselves up. After the check in staff arrived they played with their computers, talked amongst themselves and had a meeting without providing any explanation to waiting of passengers who were left waiting for 30 minutes. When we finally checked in our bags they were tagged as "long transfer" routing them direct to Adelaide without any explanation been given of the implications. When we arrived in the early hours of the morning in Doha were we advised by the transfer desk that we could not have access to our checked luggage. Hence we were left without spare clothing, toiletries and essential medications for our less than 24 hour stopover. It was by chance that we had some essential items in our cabin luggage. The transfer desk operative attitude to our predicament was most uncustomer friendly. We believe that Qatar should have informed us of the requirement to pack the items we required for the stopover in our cabin bags when they advised that our booked flight had been changed neccessitating the stop over. The Oryx airline hotel was good but as business passengers we felt that a private car would have been more appropropriate than waiting for a minibus to take us to the hotel. The customer service at the Doha airport for business class passengers is inconsistent with the service around the check in area verging on overkill while after passengers have been processed they are left to wander around the airport in search of the business lounge. Doha to Adelaide was mixed with some cabin staff providing excellent service while others were lazy. I was not offered a mattress or breakfast while my wife on the other aisle received excellent service. I experienced extreme difficulty in having our flights credited to our respective frequent flyer accounts, (which I believe should be automatically recorded when making the booking as the FF codes are shown on our boarding passes). I have sent two emails via the Qatar frequent flyer webpage which have been ignored. Customer service in Australia appears to be non existent! All in all, our experience with Qatar has been disappointing.
  I travelled CPH-DOH-BKK on 1st and 2nd January 2017 - on B788 and B77W, respectively. Check-in counter in CPH puzzled me as QR now start to disallow checking in luggage further than the first tickets end-destination. That is a huge downfall as in this case I will have to check in my luggage again in Bangkok – this, despite that my next carrier is their Oneworld alliance member, Malaysia Airlines. That cost me an hour and a half extra struggle in BKK due to cease of this baggage further transfer service – this is an unacceptable change and huge deterioration of service - likely inspired by BA who recently stopped offering further luggage transfers. All flights on time. Poor lounge offered in CPH, a third party lounge called Aspire – likely the most boring lounge in the world. Pre-departure drinks in CPH offered but with soft drinks only. When QR departs from any other Scandinavian Airport like OSL, HEL, or ARN they offer full drink service predeparture – why can’t they do it in CPH? Menu had no seafood, fish, or lamb. Icecream offered but they ran out of stock before they reached my seat 4A, despite having initially ordered. No smoothies. Cheeseplate available. Good wines and spirits. 3 beers offered, provide no alternative as they are almost identical and dull in taste (Corona, Heineken, and Foster). FAs did a great job. Lounge in Doha excellent. Second flight DOH-BKK with equipment change due to poor load factor to mobilise the A380 and was changed to an older B777-300ER without 1st class and bar. Pre-departure drinks included champagne. The seats could not go horizontal, only some 165 degrees angle – but were fully flat. Food and drink service excellent and pyjamas and kits were given out. Nice, light breakfast given out close to landing – here I got my beloved smoothie.
  Tunis to Tokyo Narita via Doha. Flights were on time. Cabin is clean, modern and well kept. Awesome staff and excellent catering services. Economy seats aren't the widest in the industry and can be an issue after couple of hours. But this is balanced by a very good inflight entertainment system, and power plugs to refill your phones, tablets, ereader batteries.
  Oslo to Bangkok via Doha. The boarding in Oslo was a bit chaotic. The crew welcomed me with a glass of champagne and warm nuts. I was impressed by the amazing cabin of the Boeing 787. After take-off the crew took my orders and service was one of the quickest, unfortunately my meal option went out. But not too bad I then went with the Arabic chicken for main which was amazing, as a starter I chose salmon along with potato salad and for dessert they offered ice cream. The crew was amazing and friendly. They often came and brought chocolate, cookies and drinks. The only thing I wish is free Wi-Fi for Business passengers and for their Elites. Because you pay a lot money and with Wi-Fi you could answer mails or just simply browse the web. The transfer at their Doha hub was quick and well organized. But the line for Business passengers was a bit too full. After that I went to their amazing lounge. The second flight was not as good as the first one. It was departing in the morning and arriving in the evening. They only had breakfast option and no lunch or dinner options. But at least the catered option tasted amazing and were top. The seats on the Boeing 777 fleet are a bit old and when compared to their Boeing 787, A380 and A350. Overall, Qatar Airways is the best airline in Business class service.
  Philadelphia to Bangkok via Doha. This journey was very exciting because I was able to fly on an A350-900. The flight crew was excellent and very attentive to customer needs. The in-flight entertainment system was one of the best, if not the best, that I have encountered with enough entertainment to keep you occupied for a long flight and the touchscreen display worked without any flaws. The food was excellent although I found the presentation of the food to be a bit confusing (perhaps it was just me). The seats were comfortable, and the seat pitch was more than adequate. The overall experience was great, and Qatar Airways lived up to the hype. I would recommend Qatar Airways to anyone.
  Flew Qatar Airways from Perth to London return via Doha in December 2016. Boeing 777 on all legs apart from London to Doha which was an A380. No real complaints about the planes or cabin crew. Entertainment good, good leg room (although I'm only 1.7m). Slimline seats on Boeing 777 actually more comfortable than more traditional seats on the A380 although it seemed like a newer plane. Not too many announcements apart from at beginning and end of flight which is good compared to some carriers constantly trying to sell duty free etc. Main complaint would be the food and drink service. The food was just OK and they are very stingy with alcoholic drinks. They had the small wine bottles (187.5ml) but poured them in to a glass and saved the remaining 50mls or so for the next passenger, this seemed very like cost cutting at its most obvious. Overall, a good value pleasant experience but meal and drink service needs improvement.
  Phnom Penh – Saigon on 13 Dec 2016 with Qatar Airways. Economy class and cheap ticket. The access given for frequent flyers (silver level and up) to their 3rd party lounge access in PNH is (plaza Premium, see other reviews) very valuable and giving. Short flight, 40 minutes effectively but I got it all. First time I have seen staff serving pre-departure water pre-departure. Well done, however the service in the air is nulled too long a time before landing.
  Amman to Doha. Qatar Airways cabin crew were very friendly, I had my baby with me and they helped putting my carry on and other stuff but for my baby stroller, I gave it to them before boarding and was told I'll take at the plane's door, I waited for 20 minutes after I asked a flight attendant but they didn't bring and said after that I can't take it here. I asked for an alternative one which they usually provide at Hamad airport but they denied they are available and I had to carry my infant with my bag and her bag from the gate till I took the stroller from the belt. 
 Flew from Perth to Doha then onto Munich with Qatar Airways. Check-in was good, seats were comfortable but restricted when seat in front was reclined. Disappointed in the food as it was not very tasty, breakfast was not good either, although the Doha to Munich leg the seemed to be fresher. Staff were very good but could have come round mre often with water etc.
  Venice to Doha. The staff was very friendly, the seats were very comfortable and the check in was very quickly done. However, my flight was disappointing, because there was 2 options for dinner, but when I try to get the filet it was told me that there was no more filet.  No live tv, tv serials or wifi on this 5hr 30 mins flight.
 Stockholm to Bangkok via Doha. Flying about 3-4 times a year with Qatar Airways (12-16 legs) and still like the airline. Very well trained and polite crew, very good cuisine on board, nice wine selection although the choices of champagnes have declined in quality. Two years ago I was able to drink Pol Roger Rosé Vintage 2006 and now it is Lanson Rosé. Same changes in the variety of food and drinks in the Biz lounge in Doha. Never been my favorite, due to its immense size, it feels more like a train station than a lounge. Another change is the frequency of time changes with Qatar now: My first leg of this trip was changed 4 times back and forward, last time about two weeks before departure date. Inconvenient, because I had a meeting before in Stockholm and had to change my agenda and that of others several times as well. This is not the way you can do business. As a summary still very nice business class product, but losing the advantage to competitors.
  Cape Town to Kathmandu via Doha. Wonderful experience in every way, Qatar demonstrates what a five star airline is. I was connecting from a South African Express domestic trip on a through ticket and landed into Cape Town donestic arrivals with just 30 minutes until my Qatar Airways flight was due to take off. Running through the terminal, I passed QR checkin already with my boarding pass and let them know I had landed. They told me to proceed through security and phoned the gate to let them know to expect me. At the gate I was greeted by cheers from the staff who radioed to confirm that my bag had also made it. Onboard Qatar Airways have an economy product to be proud of. Spacious seating, nice fitting and legroom, very good food (I opted for chicken both for lunch and dinner), good whisky, drinks runs throught the flight, all the latest movies, lovely staff, smooth transit at DOH, generous luggage, miles credited from other one world partners - well done, you have set the bar very high.
  Houston to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. Flew Qatar Airways for the first time and was impressed with their product. The overall experience was low stress and helped me manage my anxiety which was incredibly important given that I have a severe fear of flying. Being able to go through the much shorter Business class TSA line, being able to decompress in the lounge prior to boarding and having priority boarding made the lead up to the actual flight a positive one. Onboard the plane, the staff were friendly and service was top notch. Seats were comfortable with plenty of room to stretch out, get up and walk around. Noise cancellation headphones helped drown out the engine and ambient noise which helped my mental state. The PJs and amenity kit were great, providing great comfort and warmth. The overall inflight cabin experience was really great, hats off to really good cabin crews Qatar Airways. Arrival and lay-over at Hamad International Airport was smooth, efficient, and comfortable. I love the Al Mourjan business lounge. Being able to take a shower and decompress from the stress of flying in such a lovely and spacious environment before continuing on my journey was a necessity I didn't realize I needed. Love the shower rooms and the food in either restaurant (there are two in the lounge) was great. Having separate areas was smart and the quiet area is fantastic for catching up on some sleep between flights. Didn't do any shopping at Hamad but they looked like they had quite a lot to offer. The second leg of my journey also went smoothly. Upon arrival being ahead of the main rush was good and my bags were off the belt within the first 10 that arrived. Business class tickets aren't cheap but for the level of service, the quality of the product and the amenities that you get with Qatar Airways, it was money well spent and an experience I will happily pay for again in the future.

  Kuala Lumpur to Abu Dhabi return with transit in Doha. Overall good experience. The online booking system is very efficient. Keep updating me via smartphone the flight status and baggage information. Multi national cabin crew and they were nice, efficient and friendly on all sectors. Excellent entertainment system, easy to navigate and plenty of choices. Seat is just like a normal economy class nothing extraordinary. The seat pitch is good enough. The only thing that let the whole experience down is the food. Small portion for more than 7 hours flight duration.
  London to Bangkok return via Doha in business class. The lounge at Heathrow was fabulous, nice service and great food. Boarding the A380 was quite quick and easy. Nice business class seat that makes into a nice bed for sleep. The meal served was quite good, but staff service was slow during meal times and forgot wine order twice. IFE with a great choice of films and TV to watch. Transfer in Doha was okay both ways - a slight wait at security screening, and then into lounge. The lounge is visually nice, but the amenities were all overcrowded - couldn't wait for a shower due to the queues and food choice a bit uninspiring. For the price paid, the trip was exceptional value, and apart from some slow staff service, the rest of the product was great. Will use again.
  Heathrow to Doha on a Boeing 777, I thought the legroom and comfort of the seat on this sector was very good, I had plenty of room, the food and beverage was of a high standard, crew were very professional and nice. Before take-off they asked me if I'd flown with Qatar Airways before which I hadn't so they then took the time to explain how the on-board service works, (you can order whatever you want from the menu to be served at any time you like). I got some sleep on the overnight sector to Doha and was impressed by the experience, I wasn't as impressed with the A330 that operates the Doha to Phuket sectors, I'm of average build but I found the seat to be very narrow when in bed mode and couldn't sleep. Food and beverage immaculately presented and of a high standard, entertainment system easy to use and good content. Final sector Doha to Heathrow upper deck on the A380, single seat, configuration 1-2-1 really comfortable seat/bed with plenty of personal storage space. I'm not sure why Qatar Airways bother with the bar at the back of the business class cabin on this aircraft as I only saw one person using it. The lounge at Doha is okay but didn't blow me away as expected from reading various reviews, it was very busy both times I was there and I found it to be quite soulless and uninteresting. Also the dining options were limited, not my favourite airline lounge. Overall though a very solid business class product, I won't hesitate to fly with Qatar Airways again.
  Doha to Kochi. Chose it for direct flight and to save time. Ordered special meal non lactose and unpleasantly surprised to be served vermicelli drowning in oil. Dessert was pineapple chunks coated with sugar syrup. I wish had not ordered any special meal. I recommend Qatar airways to be considerate with the choice of meal. The flight was on time and nothing much to say about the seat and comfort. My inflight entertainment on A330 was a joke but it was only 4 hrs flight.
 Superb flying experience on Qatar Airways Boeing 787-800 between Doha and Kolkata and back. Friendly and attentive flight attendants, immaculately clean cabin in 1-2-1 layout, personal entertainment screen which regretfully I barely used, large bathroom with a window, and well prepared meal from a menu served whenever wished. The fully-flat seat allowed me to take a sound sleep, which was needed given the late night schedule of the both the incoming and outgoing flights - hence no movie watching. Smooth flight. Was very impressed and to top it, both flights were on time and parked at the gates. Highly recommended!
 Sydney to Doha. I have flown with Qatar Airways a couple of times before. Great service. Fantastic food. Great airport in every way - Doha Hamad is big and stunning. Service from cabin crew amazing at all times - very helpful.
  The new International Phuket airport should be avoided since the chaotic luggage and immigration checks cause a lot of delays, it took me almost 2 hours to pass check in and immigration. A terrible experience with the A330-200, which Qatar Airways replaced recently for this route. Seat is narrow and cramped and so is the cabin with it's 2x2x2 configuration, crew had no decent space to serve customers without touching others. No storage room in or around the seat, no decent storage place for the provided bottle of water. Food poor. Crew attentive and trying to make the best of things. Real shame Qatar Airways uses this plane on long haul flights. Flight from Doha to Brussels onboard the Dreamliner was such a relief and a wonderful experience again. Seat, dining and service top notch. Truly a 5 star business class product. If they can replace all the A330's on long haul by 787, A350 or A380 then overall would be 10 points. 
  Amsterdam to Denpasar via Doha. The quality of food was terrible or the full choice on the menu was not available for everyone in economy class. I thought that some flight attendants don't speak really good English. Inflight entertainment was okay, but my touch screen didn't work that well. The flight itself was okay.
 Phuket to Copenhagen via Doha with Qatar Airways. Despite cut backs onboard in the recent years, service level and overall product still top notch. Service from cabin crew amazing at all times and food standard very high. Beverage choice also outstanding. Thai Airways Lounge in HKT an absolute disgrace, but not the fault of Qatar Airways. Also lounge in CPH on outbound extremely basic and a lot left to be desired. Al Mourjan Lounge in DOH still magnificent. Overall an absolute joy and would fly with them any day as a first choice.
  Manchester to Bangkok via Doha. I can't think of any other airlines that match the standards of Qatar Airways. Excellent check-in facilities at Manchester, Qatar don't have their own lounge here and use the Escape lounge which isn't the best as now they've merged the business class and normal lounge so it's crowded and noisy but very helpful staff. Since I originally booked, Qatar changed the transit time in Doha and the aircraft on both legs of the journey, Manchester to Doha is now a Boeing 787, an improvement on the A330, but Doha to Bangkok is now a Boeing 777 which isn't up to the standard of the A380. However once onboard it's the service that matters not the aircraft, and this is where Qatar excels. The flight attendants are helpful and attentive,  the food is probably the best you'll get on a flight, the entertainment is good with a choice of movies to suit most tastes. The 787 is a fine aircraft however I found the seats in business slightly uncomfortable probably due to being 6'5" as the end of the seat was halfway down the back of my thighs and I needed to recline the seat. The 777 feels old now compared to the 787 and A380, the business cabin seems cramped due to the 2x2x2 layout. All flights arrived early despite one being delayed due to some passengers in economy wanting to pick were they wanted to sit rather than were they were allocated. Ground staff in Bangkok also excellent, Qatar Airways will soon have their own lounge there rather than use the Thai lounge. Any negatives only that I seem to have lost my privilege club silver status, have to check my points.

**ASKED TICKET
  Abu Dhabi to Perth return via Doha. Little to be said about connecting flights to / from Abu Dhabi. The Doha to Perth leg was on a Boeing 777-300 in 3x4x3 configuration, the return an aircraft with the old 3x3x3 seating. It would be wrong to suggest the revised seating is terrible. Leg room was ample, certainly far more generous than the equivalent provided by Etihad for example, and the food and IFE were to the usual high standard. Nonetheless, yet more dumbing down of standards / cutting costs to the point where there is increasingly little to differentiate its economy service from other operators. I lost count of the number of times I was bumped by passing traffic on the flight to Perth. I appreciate why Qatar Airways is pursuing this policy but very disappointing nevertheless.
  Having previously flown this route on PIA, I was eager to try absolutely any other airline. Having said that, Qatar with its brilliant reputation and reasonable fares made the obvious choice this time around. They didn't disappoint. We flew out on the 777-300ER (when we booked it was supposed to be the 787 but was later changed to this), where the seats were comfortable (reasonable leg room for Economy class), food was to a high standard and the IFE had a huge selection of movies/TV shows to select from. The staff were courteous at all times as well. From Doha to Islamabad it was the A320 which despite being a smaller aircraft had the similar feel to the 777. The IFE was of the same quality, food (although only served once) too was of the similar high standard. All in all, a fantastic experience and more than likely to fly with them again.


 Johannesburg to Dubai via Doha. I have flown with Qatar Airways a couple of times before. The leg from Jo'burg was quite comfortable especially being a night flight. The menu was good and the inflight entertainment didn't disappoint either. The staff as usual are top notch. However, leg room is limited for almost all window seats on the 787 due to the IFE box under the seats, however, the seat pitch isn't too shabby for economy class.
  Atlanta to Kuwait via Doha with Qatar Airways. Great value and service. I managed to get the fare for about $3500 which was far cheaper than any of the other options I had leaving ATL and was impressed with the overall experience. There are a couple of very minor things that might have bothered me if I hadn't got such a good deal. The 2x2x2 configuration seems dated nowadays and the service although great was a little annoying as the attendant who serviced my seat kept trying to suggest things rather that waiting for me to make a decision, but really these are minor comments. Given its a 13 hour flight the I was suitably fed, watered and entertained to have keep me happy. Was there anything absolutely outstanding and noteworthy? No, but there also wasn't anything to significantly complain about. Despite my earlier comment about the configuration, the seats were way better than Delta's business one lay flat and although I gave a good review about AF's long haul BC this was better, even though I can't put my finger on why. I am however looking to my return to USA. The first class lounge at Doha is something to behold. More like a ultra discreet luxe hotel restaurant than a lounge and well worth spending a short time in. The short 45 minute flight to KWI was uneventful, but managed to get a meal in overall great service for a short flight. In summary, for the price it was exceptional.
 Doha to Dubai with Qatar Airways. Love taking this 40 min flight for I'm always impressed how much quality you can squeeze into such a short period of time. This time we flew on an Al Maha branded A320-200 which I found out was a Qatar Airways owned brand. Brand spanking new. The business class seats were the regular US style domestic first class seats. But much nicer. And as always, a perfect breakfast was served.
 Copenhagen to Doha with Qatar Airways. This flight answered my query: A350 or Dreamliner? Definitely the Qatar Dreamliner. The seat - excellent. Onboard dining - excellent. Service - excellent. Of course it's the cabin feel that is the only thing that is different on the A350. Yet the Dreamliner to me has a nicer interior design, a more rounded aesthetic, nicer windows and a more spacious lavatory. The only thing I cannot totally get used to is the new Qatar IFE system which just feels cumbersome and to me is not intuitive.
  Was very excited to fly on the A350 from Doha to Frankfurt. My first time. Though when I got onboard there really wasn't much of a noticeable difference. I think the Dreamliner already took all the excitement out of this new jet! Spacious cabin. Quiet engines. Impressive entrance. The Dreamliner had first mover advantage. Granted, the engines were very quiet, even at takeoff. Although interior design wise, I found the overhead bins to be very low when open. I whacked my head a few times when getting stuff out. I love the seat on this plane. Very comfortable and private, since you face into the window. One of the best. I have high expectations when flying Qatar for I have had many amazing flights with them. This, unfortunately, was not one of them. The food was so-so (steak was very tough) and I found the IFE on this new A350 very cumbersome to use. I couldn't for the longest time get the touch screen to work. Perhaps it was a single incident. I hope so. I did like the gimmicky 3D map feature on the IFE. It worked similarly to Google maps. You could zoom in/out with your fingers, move the map around thus felt somewhat interactive. The front camera view captivated me for you could actually see the front landing gear during takeoff and landing, which is good at the actual moment of touchdown. I love big windows, however, the windows on this A350 annoyed me. In order to close the shades with the electronic button you had to reach way down between the wall and the panel of your seat. Was very difficult to reach. I was expecting a button on the control panel to close the windows, but alas none. Very badly designed seat/window for the wall paneling of the seat by your head is too high and covers the window buttons. Looking forward to my return flight on the Boeing 787 to see  how the two compare.
  Dubai to Doha. It's amazing what you can squeeze into a 40 min flight! Qatar Airways served me a full breakfast on this short flight from Dubai to Doha. Plus row 1 in the A330 is very comfortable, since the long haul biz seat is very spacious, and the service was outstanding.
  I flew New York to Doha return on an A350 in Business Class in late October. The plane is quite new, and the business cabin is spacious and airy. There are no overhead bins over center seats, giving the 1-2-1 configured cabin a sense of spaciousness. The seats were truly excellent - spacious, with plenty of nooks and crannies to store things, and with an excellent entertainment system. All of the hardware was truly first rate, which made the less-than-stellar soft-product all the more disappointing. The drawback to the seat configuration is that people travelling together in the center are so far apart that it's hard to converse in a low tone of voice. The food was quite tasty and nicely presented. The cabin attendants did their jobs, and nothing more. The service was polite, perfunctory, and when they finished, they disappeared behind the galley curtains. So much so that some children who got bored started racing around the cabin bumping into seats, waking up their occupants, and then, when they tired of that, they started taking out the life vests and playing with them. It was literally hours before one of the cabin attendants stumbled upon half a dozen life vests strewn on the floor. If there had been an emergency, those vests would have been needed. The cabin attendant merely picked them up and took them with him behind the curtain. The wifi was terrible on both flights. Frequently out of signal, and when there was signal, the speed was atrocious. Barely enough to send and receive emails without attachments. The lavatories were not always maintained to good standard. Overall the experience was not bad, but t was just not particularly great.
  Singapore to Amman via Doha with Qatar Airways. It started off quite badly for me when they asked for credit card verification, then kept asking for more. In the air, service and comfort was quite good, and the economy class food was quite good. Three of my flights were on the A350 which is the best of the new aircraft, quite spacious in economy - lots of legroom but the width was a bit cramped, despite being wider than the 787. The Boeing 777 was 10-across and horrible, especially in the middle two seats. At least it was only two hours, but it shows that aircraft selection has a big impact on economy comfort. Apart from the 777, which was unfortunately packed, the other flights were quite empty, increasing the comfort levels and meaning that they offered quite reasonable upgrades on every one of my legs. I got it for the last flight and it was what you'd expect from business class. I also couldn't get the wifi to work on any flight. I think they should just give up on that.
 Stockholm to Doha with Qatar Airways. SAS ground staff (acting for Qatar) did a wonderful job dealing with my range of economy class issues. Seating changes and baggage weights all sorted out in a flash. The Dreamliner was scrambled full, barely one spare seat in all classes. The service was surprisingly prompt and attentive. I'm a fallen "ex" top tier member and they still made me feel welcome. Seating was very tight - I don't recall the streamlined leg room being so limited, All in all a tough gig for Qatar airways - crammed as it was I still felt welcome. Well done on a tough job.
 Hanoi to Bangkok with Qatar Airways. The only negative that I can think of for this flight is that it was much too short. Check-in service at the business class counter was immediate, efficient, and friendly. Qatar uses a multi-airline lounge at HAN which offers mediocre food and spirits but spectacular views of the runway and tarmac. There were very few passengers on the HAN-BKK segment, so boarding did not have to be "organized" in any fashion. Despite a very quick turnaround, the plane was clean, neat, and well-prepared. The welcome drink included a choice of two different champagnes. I chose the Billecart-Salon, which was excellent. The snack service was quick and tasty, accompanied by another glass of champagne. The seat back TV screens are huge, with a clear and sharp picture. I entertained myself with the sky-map, but if the flight had been longer, there was a huge selection of movies, TV shows, and music. Departure and arrival were punctual, and Qatar provides a pass to allow J class passengers to use an expedited immigration line at BKK. I wish I could have stayed onboard for the next segment to Doha.
  Our return trip from Heathrow to Perth via Doha was amazing. We flew business class and spent some time at the Qatar lounge at Terminal 4 Heathrow. We had lunch there and drinks and lazed away our time til our flight was called. Inflight service for the London/Doha leg was impeccable, excellent staff who literally did all they could to make our trip wonderful - the food was lovely and again was amazed how much room there is in Business Class and the width of the seat. Doha/Perth was fantastic too, we were given complimentary pyjamas and the staff not only made us feel very welcome their service was great. Thanks again Qatar for fantastic flights in both economy and Business Class. Definitely would book this airline again.
  My husband and myself flew for the first time with Qatar in mid August from Perth to London Heathrow return via Doha.  Check in was the easiest I have experienced and once on board the plane our seats were really quite roomy and we were made very comfortable. The cabin service was excellent and the food very good. The Entertainment system was easy to use and had a good selection of various films, music, tv shows and games etc. I have flown with other airlines but I think Qatar Airways is far and away the best airline I have flown with. 
  Singapore to Kilimanjaro via Doha. Decent in flight service and food. Doha to Kilmanjaro one of our group was bumped, and on return two were bumped. The lounge at Doha is ok but services tardy from serving food to shower. The shared lounge at Singapore should be avoided and the airport lounge at Kilmanjaro was bad. The seats were comfortable, entertainment on both flights were archaic. The free WiFi is non existent.
  Colombo to Cairo return via Doha return in October 2016. All widebody, newer A330-200 aircrafts. All flights full and on time (one had an ignorable delay), service on ground and on plane top notch. Long stay-overs, long time lounge access, and potential immigration issues were sorted out smoothly by Qatar Airways ground staff. First Class DOH-CAI-DOH is de facto just only business class but in widebody. On the outbound they served only breakfast and no meat-dishes were offered. Likewise no fresh garlic, ginger, chilli nor fish-sauce is available. No ice-cream, mango smoothies (only strawberry). But the extensive drink list and the cabin staff service made it somehow up. On Cairo to Doha it was a more fully fledged menu with excellent options. From Cairo pre-departure champagne was not offered due to local laws. Cost cutting edges has also begun to show in Doha, where they stopped a la carte servings in Al Mourjan lounge. However, in the alternative Al Safwa first class lounge they provide even fully fledged free “hotel rooms” inside the lounge. Last leg DOH-CMB was operated by Sri Lankan who also did well (see my other review for the Sri Lankan leg). Qatar Airways takes particularly good care of their elite frequent flyers. They facilitated check in at airside, avoidance of immigration problem, and provided extended time lounge visits. First time I avoided bus drives in Doha airport that gives a much better overall impression.
  Good airline if you book through their website, turn up 4 hours before departure and can get a good seat. Terrible if anything goes wrong. Excellent food, comfortable seats and vaguely attentive staff. The check-in at Manila airport took 90 mins. I flew from Manila to London to visit my Mum, who was in hospital with cancer. My wife and I did not realise that the 00:40 am departure required boarding the previous day. We phoned the airline in panic and they decided to waive their 'no show' policy on compassionate grounds. They quoted me a fee of about $130 to change my departure date and said we did "not have to pay for a second ticket". The lady on the phone confirmed that my return flight did not need changing. I agreed to the payment. A few days later our credit card bill showed a huge deduction. It has taken me 2 months of emails to get 2 replies from Qatar Airways. The replies make little sense. It's now apparent that Qatar Airways changed all my flights after I spoke to them on the phone. They moved me to the most expensive Economy fare, changed my seating and charged me a so-called 'price difference'. This was done without my knowledge or permission. So much for their compassion. 
  Doha to Kuala Lumpur, the inbound flight had apparently caused a 6 hour delay to the outbound flight to KL. The ground staff would have known and could have alerted passengers electronically beforehand, saving the hassle of being stuck in the airport.  A 'sorry' and meal voucher does not correct a wrong in my book for a flight delay. 
  Pleasant flight from Copenhagen to Kuala Lumpur via Doha and vice versa. I had been looking forward Qatar Airways flight and I got exactly what I had been dreaming of. Absolutely perfect staff, always helpful, polite and nothing was problem. Aircraft was clean and IFE, food and beverages was excellent. In summary, everything was excellent. I look forward to my next flight with Qatar Airways.
  Shanghai to Madrid via Doha. The first leg from Shanghai to Doha was terrible - seats were so cramped with the 3-4-3 seat configuration on the B777 that my knees nearly touched the seat in front of mine and I'm only 5'5, plus I didn't have room to stretch out my legs due to the entertainment system box at my toes. The flight attendants had forgotten that I had requested a vegetarian meal, (fortunately there was a vegetarian option on the regular menu) and they kept waking people up for the meal service even though our flight left Shanghai at midnight. The saving grace was the amenity bag. However, when we boarded our flight to Madrid, it was like two completely different airlines. The Boeing 787 was spacious, and the flight attendants were friendly and the vegetarian options were tasty - the other passengers even asked if they could have what I was having. Our flight back to Shanghai was a marked improvement on the first flight. Even though it was a Boeing 777 again with the 3-4-3 seating, we had a lot more leg room this time around. The service was more in line with what we experienced going to and leaving from Madrid. I would give them a perfect score if it wasn't for that first leg.
  Kuala Lumpur to Paris and back via Doha in business class. You may experience some very minor hiccups or confusion on the ground, especially ex-Doha (e.g. I'm not sure why placing the correct luggage tag on my suitcase required a meeting of three ground staff - they never explained what the issue was. I got the impression that European travelers tend to receive colder treatment than others, but that is not exclusive to Doha airport. But once you're in the air, everything is wonderful. The crew treat you like an old friend. The service comes across as not only efficient and courteous but warm, sincere and lighthearted when the occasion calls for it. Well done. I will be back.
  Singapore to Rome return via Doha. Staff seemed eager to please but performance is below our expectations. Staff forgot to hand out amenity pouches or pyjamas for the 7.5 hrs Singapore to Doha and vice versa flights. Main entrée choice was limited to only 3 choices. Seat was comfy enough but on the B787 it lacked storage. From what I read, seats in the A350 seemed to have more storage. Flights from Singapore to Rome and vice versa were supposed to be the A350 but switched to B787 a few months before departure - really disappointed with this. Business lounge in Doha was great, far better than SQ lounge in Changi Airport. But they did not have the a la carte menu and Krug Champagne on the Mezzanine floor restaurant. A sign of cost cutting measure? The range of Asian movies onboard is also very limited. Worst of all, their flights seemed to depart at odd hours, for example 2.30am from Singapore to Doha and vice versa. 
  Saigon to Phnom Penh return in September 2016. Short flights, good service on ground and in the air. Everything functioned to perfection, inc. precision, luggage, lounge access for their Frequent Flyers. It’s nice to have an international route on a local stretch which sets new standards for the region. Check in took only a minute, very few passengers on this route. Onboard FA’s were polite, correct, professional, focused and caring – however, service was limited to approx. 10 minutes of effective service (flight took only 45 Minutes of time), but drinks with options were provided. Only for 5 minutes were seatbelt sign switched off. The lounges used in SGN and PNH are 3rd party lounges but both of excellent quality. Especially, the new Plaza Premium lounge used in Phnom Penh was an outstanding, positive surprise with all facilities (incl. fitness room!) and foods.
  Perth to Manchester via Doha. What an amazing flight. Comfort from Perth to Doha was excellent, seats are huge and the flight crew were amazing. Food and drinks were excellent. The Doha to Manchester route was unlucky in that we had to return to Doha because of a cracked window but both the air and ground crew were very professional keeping us informed of what was happening. Yes, we were delayed but safety comes first. We were put on a second Boeing 787 and again the crew were fantastic, food excellent and I will not hesitate to fly Qatar again. Having been a Qantas gold member and used Emirates to normally fly Perth to Manchester I will now be using Qatar as my airline of choice.
  Tehran to Paris via Doha. I had flown with Qatar Airways 4-5 years ago two times and I believe their food quality and service was much better. This time, I received quite same I was offered on my initial leg of my flight and the quality was not as expected. When I requested for extra bread they refused the request. The staff didn't behave patiently enough. I'm comparing with my previous experience flying with Qatar Airways.
  Bangkok to Doha. In Bangkok they use Thai’s royal first class lounge, just an average facility with no spa offered (only for TG's first), foods are average and limited choice - however the staff service is truly a royal first class experience. Onboard the A380 well design space 1-2-1 design with 8 first class seats, the seat are very comfortable and beautiful layout, good amenity kit with full size perfume, large vanity room. A busy bar shared with C class etc. Service and food excellent, choice of Russian Oscietra caviar, Billecart Salmon rose champagne etc, the best place in the air for F&B choice and services
 Shanghai to Doha with Qatar Airways. Easy check-in, fast security control, good quality lounge in Shanghai airport with buffet, large selection of beverages. Flight attendant polite, introduced himself. Food was tasty, well prepared and more than enough. Seat was completely reclining, with good possibility to sleep. Flight on time, overall a very good experience.
  Flew Mumbai to Atlanta via Doha with Qatar Airways for the first time and had a great experience. I was a little disappointed with a few aspects. The seat was very comfortable with amazing legroom and backrest / headrest. The welcome amenities were quite good and useful. However, the entertainment system technology needs a lot of thought - the right button on one of my co-passenger's screen didn't work which left her with only 4/5 movie options and was very annoying. Even though they have a great selection, the hardware needs an upgrade. The call attendant button or light button did not work on my seat remote control. Also, I had multiple issues with air hostesses both on Mumbai-Doha and Doha-Atlanta leg. Even after the call attendant button was pressed, none of the air-hostesses paid attention and I had to call them while they were passing by in the aisle. I could see 3-4 other attendant lights switched on but nobody came by for 10 minutes or so.  The meal timings were really bad. After they served us brunch at 11:30 AM Doha time, no food was served till almost 6 PM. Having reached Doha at 5 AM, just having 1 meal till evening was not what I had in mind. When asked for food, the air hostess said we will be serving sandwiches in some time. The overall experience was okay but had these issues not been there, it would have been amazing.
  Los Angeles to Johannesburg with a long layover in Doha. The seats assigned seemed to be entirely random, no effort was made to keep us together, preference for window or aisle were largely ignored. My seat gave average legroom and width. The arms of the seat on the Boeing 777LR only go up about 3/4 of the way making it extremely difficult to get out of the row, especially when the seat in front is reclined. If there are empty seats you can't lie down unless you can fit under the partially extended arms. We had a 15+ hour flight from Doha, we departed about 8am from Doha an average breakfast was served at 9am, we received a bag of chips about 5 hours later. They came around with drinks several times and our choice was a juice or water, drinks were served at room temperature no ice was provided. After 8 hours from breakfast they served us a small chicken or vegetarian pasty with a small brownie; a fuller selection of drinks was offered, no ice unless you asked.  After 6 hours with no snacks they offered a dinner. I thought the food service was meager and food quality was average, snacks were nearly non existent. Drink choices during the flight were minimal, the lack of ice was disappointing. I picked Qatar Airways because I read many glowing reviews about extra service and space, but found the flight in economy very average. The entertainment options were very good, but my remote on the trip to Johannesburg did not work properly, on the return trip the remote would not stay in place and hung down on the back of the seat. On the 8 hour flight to Johannesburg they offered after departure and a small pastry after 7 hours, no other snacks were offered. There are 4 bathrooms on the Boeing 777 in economy and nearly a constant line of people waiting to use them. We ran out of hand towels on my flight after about 5 hours. I was underwhelmed by the service, economy I would rate as average. If you are flying economy take some snacks and adjust your expectation to average service.
  Flight from TXL-CGK via DOH return. At Berlin, unfriendly check-in staff with a lot of queing during check-in process in Berlin and they did not tolerate an excess of luggage - make sure that your cabin and checked-in bagage are correct before check-in counter. I requested VGML meal, but they forget it and gave me chicken instead. Flight DOH-CGK return was pleasant and nice trip. During flight DOH-TXL, they moved my seat without any notice and reason and they forgot again my requested meal. 
  Amman to Kuala Lumpur via Doha. A very forgettable check in, lounge used was a shared lounge with Royal Jordanian. The cabin service was ok, they did not use surnames to address passengers. We were an hour late out of Amman and the food was was average at best. It was a full cabin and the crew seemed a little overwhelmed. The next sector was a 3.30am service to KL sleep was on the agenda, great flat bed seat and pajamas. Breakfast was not particularly inspiring. I ordered the continental breakfast of fruit and bread. The quality was not as good as I expected. Overall I was not overly impressed.
  Brussels to Tokyo Narita via Doha. The check-in was ok smooth, but I wasn't offered any special seats despite my OW Sapphire status. The security fast-track which should have been on my ticket barcode didn't work, I had to call staff to let me go in. BA lounge access not up to mid/longhal standards required for the 6 hour flights to DOH. There are no shower facilities and the food choices are limited to a breakfast setup, despite the evening departure.  QR boarded their flight one hour ahead of depature time which seems excessive. On top of poor seat width, the pitch seemed too tight, and I'm not a giant. There was a IFE box stealing 20% of my feet area and no footrest. Storage in the seat pocket was poor, I couldn't fit my water bottles. PTV remote was covered in smudges. I had ordered a special meal, low fat, which was pasta. The pasta was dry. The fruit salad showed signs of decay. The salad looked ok but the vinaigrette tasted awful. The bread was not freshly baked. In the bathroom, no amenities were offered in economy. The marking on the flushing button in the bathroom was unreadable. The cabin temperature was cold, but a good fleece blanket offered. I asked the cabin crew to raise the temperature and was answered that the captain would have to decide on that. IFE systems was loaded with advertisement. The flight stopped at a remote stand and we had to be bussed.  After deplaning, I was suppposed to have 2 hours between flights to enjoy in the business cass lounge, but I only spent 5 minutes in there.
  Karachi to London via Doha. Good service, the food was nice, staff on the ground and inflight was courteous. Transit at Doha was not bad at all, took the free city tour offered by the airline which was a nice way to spend time and seeing the city. Boeing 787 is a good plane to be flying in, given the large windows, but in terms of space I think it is similar to that on the Boeing 777 or A330. Overall satisfied with everything. The free wifi during the flight is only provided for 15 mins.
  Sydney to Athens via Doha. The inflight experience is what I am paying for in deciding to fly business. The initial minor problems in the Sydney to Doha leg seemed to arise from our seats being in the last row in the business class section. On boarding the flight to Doha we were asked if we would like pyjamas. On replying yes, we were told only XXL was left, which were so big we could not use them. We were then asked to choose dinner. I asked for dinner to be served as soon as the plane had reached its cruising altitude. When dinner was served, approximately 30 minutes after take off, I was told my choice of wine had run out. So, of the 3 white wines available (not a great selection in the first place) the one I had chosen had run out within 30 minutes of take off. Similarly, when dessert was served we were told the one dessert wine available which we had asked for had also run out. The crew member told us only 2 half bottles had been available for the whole of the business class cabin. We complained to the cabin supervisor who apologised and said they had in fact found some dessert wine and brought us a glass. It all just seemed a little poorly organised and executed. These are small points, but this is exactly why I am willing to pay double the cost of an economy ticket for a business class service. It is the small details that make the difference. Without them, I might as well be in economy. The main problem was my seat would not fully extend to flat. The foot rest remained vertical, so it was not possible to lie down. Staff attempted to physically fix it but were unable to do so. The seat had jammed halfway between upright and flat. 3 staff spent approximately 30 minutes under the seat trying to fix it. This was about halfway through the flight, during which time we both had to stand in the aisle while they tried to fix it. The flight was full, so there was nowhere else we could go. So neither of us were able to sleep fully during the flight. On asking how we would be able to land with the seat stuck in this position, the crew suggested I might have to sit in a crew jump seat as there were no other seats available. In the end, they physically pushed the seat back into a semi-upright position that they said was sufficient for landing purposes. But no sleep for me or my partner. The cabin supervisor suggested I write in to complain. More than 6 weeks later I'm still waiting for a response to my initial email. 
  This was my first experience with Qatar Airways and was impressed by their service. Booked a return flight from Mumbai to Rome via Qatar. Contact Center support was fabulous and extremely professional. Mobile app is great and easy to use. Helped me with check in and seat selection. Boarding process was smooth. Inflight experience was great. Seats with good leg room considering I'm 6ft 2in. Inflight staff were courteous and helpful. Great food in terms of taste and quality. Great selection of wine. The best part was the Free Qatar City tour. What a great gesture by the airlines for transit of more than 8 hrs. Three cheers to Qatar Airways and it's certainly a five star airline.

  Am a regular Emirates flyer but tried Qatar Airways this time because of better flights schedule. Boeing 787 business class with Qatar Airways is the best I have flown, beats Singapore Airlines, Etihad and Emirates. Very airy cabin, large windows, excellent seat, superb food, friendly and speedy service by the flight attendants with a good choice of drinks. Emirates better only when it comes to the IFE system and in-flight Internet, Singapore Airlines on par for catering, better only when using "book the cook" advance meal choice. Shorter Doha - Dubai leg on 777-300ER but the cabin and seat do not match the 787. Would definitely fly Qatar Airways again if on the 787.
  I flew Qatar Airways on a multi-city flight of Lagos to Atlanta via Doha, returning to Lagos from New York JFK. The 2nd leg was most enjoyable especially with the A350-900. Ample space, good seat reclining and pitch. The IFE and wifi on board was superb. The mood lighting was intriguing and finally the cabin crew was warm and friendly. Sadly the Doha to Lagos was a serious downgrade after such an enjoyable 12hrs 1st leg. I've recommended this airline as the value of the service exceeds the cost and long hours connecting to ones destination.
 Cape Town to London via Doha - these two flights with Qatar Airways was anazing. Ground and inflight service was excellent. Food was great aswell. The IFE on the B787 was not as good as the A380, though. If I could recommend one thing is that they update the Boeing's IFE. Otherwise it was perfect. Everything was smooth. Especially the layover at Doha. What a nice airport. Both flights were on time and was almost no hassle at all. I slept easily on both. Can't wait to fly with them again. I am quite tall, yet I had loads of space on the A380. Great plane. Space on the Boeing was good.
  Singapore to New York JFK return via Doha. I have flown this route 3 times in the last 8 months with 3 different carriers. My favorite is Qatar Airways.  The first noticeable difference is the ease of navigating their website which is well organised and easy to get to the required services. Check-in at Singapore was quick and completed within 15 mins including the time I started queuing in line to get checked-in. The smooth check-in experience was repeated again in JFK with a knowledgeable staff who was professional, friendly and accommodating. Worth mentioning is Qatar Airway's use of Terminal 7 at JFK. It could be sheer luck but on both occasions at arrival and departure, I did not experience the massive crowds that I had experienced in other JFK terminals. The seats are organised in a 3-3-3 configuration and each seat comes with a large touch screen tv with a separate console for controls. The feel and look of the tv is much sleeker than those of the other 2 carriers I have flown and comes with more varied programming. Another well designed feature is the toilets which come with a decent sized wash basin and a wet tissue dispenser for cleaning the toilet seats. Ample food options were available even though I sat close to the back of the plane. There are no overhead cabins for the last 4 to 5 rows of seats in the middle block but there does not seem to be any problems accommodating everyone's bags. Some of the cabin crew looked rather new on the job but it was clear that they all worked hard to accommodate everyone's requests. Definitely an airline I would consider highly on my next long haul flight.
  Zagreb to Perth via Doha. We have previously flown with Qatar and had a very pleasant experience, However, this particular flight was not as pleasant due to the fact Qatar Airways had introduced the new Boeing 777-300 seats, new configuration plane (3x4x3). We had 3 seats between the 2 of us and thank goodness as I would not have survived with 3 people in the row of 3. The armrest was not big enough for 2 arms, the depth of the seat was considerably smaller. The width was smaller as I could not fit my hand down between the arm rest and myself. Sadly we will not be travelling with Qatar Airways again when going to Europe and will choose to pay slightly more for economy with another airline just to know we will get adequate leg and seat room.
  Kuala Lumpur to Doha. The boarding procedure was easy and unproblematic. The journey was more than 7 hours, the aircraft took off at 8.30am. I was sitting by a window. The aircraft was not full it was an empty seat beside me. Every seat had a pillow, a blanket and a headset. The service was very good: we got a complete lunch (lamb with rice, salad, cookie) and a sandwich one hour before landing. The crew was excellent I can recommend the airline very much.
  I was flying the second time this year with Qatar Airways from Athens to Johannesburg via Doha. Both round trips were, considering the cabin class, very pleasant flights. Flights on time, staff friendly, service and meals onboard without any complaint. Very positive was the generous leg room and the comfortable seat on all used planes (777, 787, 330). The on board entertainment has a huge selection of movies and worked perfectly. The only thing I found annoying on my trip in June, was the very strict application of the baggage weight limits and the hefty fee that QR charged per extra kg. However, based on this and earlier experience, I would choose this airline again for my business trips. 
  I traveled in a group with Qatar Airways from Brussels via Copenhagen and Doha to Dar Es Salaam. Unfortunately, the boarding of on this flight was denied in Doha due to payload problems (July 9th 2016). Since the next flight was 24hr later, we were offered by Qatar airways and compensation of 250USD. To claim the 250 USD we had to go Dar Es Salaam to the Qatar office. Unfortunately, there was no office at the airport for arriving passengers. We couldn't go to the departure hall since we had no valid ticket to leave Dar Es Salaam. In Zanzibar airport, the office was closed. Back in Qatar, they said at the transit office that we should go to Brussels and claim it there, and Brussels they told us that we should have claimed the money in Doha. Although the flights were great, services in the airports a real mess.
  Seoul Incheon to Venice via Doha. Generous seat pitch in economy class with fair reclining space, especially in Boeing 777. Provide small amenity kit for overnight flight, which is a plus. Love the food served, at least edible and hot compared to Emirates. Price is very affordable if you plan your trip early,  value is good. FA is very caring to customer's need, a FA had realized a passenger had red eyes when serving meals, and she quickly provided eye drops. What I want to praise is she noticed passenger's need even without being told! Overall a 5-star airline with competitive price and service!
  Barcelona to Doha had a delay for more than an hour due to bad weather situation in Barcelona, so it means I will be late on my next flight to Manila.  After more than an hour of waiting we finally left the airport. It was a smooth flight and the service is also good. On arrival to Doha a proactive ground crew approached us to make some remedy for the flight that we had missed. He said that our flight is rebooked for the next day and they will send us in a hotel. The hotel was more than enough to my expectation and meal allowance is included.  The staff of the hotel are also welcoming and hospitable, and I also had the chance to meat my friend who is working in the Bank in Doha. He serve as my tour guide when we walk around the city. Thank you Qatar Airways for making my Doha journey a memorable one. 
  Beirut to Bangkok via Doha on Qatar Airways. Second time for this trip route and standards were better when compared to last year. Planes were clean and comfortable economy seats, staff service was efficient if not that personal. Meals about the same as last time, maybe a little smaller? The IFE was great, switched on from boarding until we left the plane, and a great variety to choose from - not very different to my last experience on Emirates when flying them to Jo'burg. All in all, a good trip and excellent value - and liked the new airport in Doha, a great improvement on last year.
  First flight from Dubai to Doha was extremely hot until about 20 minutes after take-off (it was around 45 degrees in Dubai). The A320 was small and did not appear to have been cleaned since the previous flight. Doha to Kuala Lumpur was first delayed by 2 hours, then by another 4 hours, with no explanation for the first 2 hours. Flight was delayed a total of 6 hours due to a technical difficulty with the plane, however there was a serious lack of communication. Inflight entertainment was outdated. Flights on the way back were marginally better and at least they were on time. 
  Stockholm to Lahore return via Doha with Qatar Airways. Every time I fly with Qatar Airways I enjoy the inflight hospitality. The food is not top of the line but the crew bring snacks regularly during the flight. The crew is friendly as well and any help is a matter of call away.
  I recently flew Qatar Airways A320 Economy Class from Doha to Sofia. Economy CABIN is still a very nice and comfortable seat. The crew was nice and friendly and food was delicious. The service is amazing for the price you pay.
  I recently flew on the Qatar Airways A350 Business Class from Doha to Singapore. This flight was amazing. Friendly crew, delicious food, amazing lounge, very comfortable seat, that reclines to 180 degrees. For a 7 hour flight, I got two meals - dinner and breakfast. The seat configuration is 1-2-1, so every seat has direct aisle access.
  I have flown Qatar Airways on several occasions, and in my opinion, it is a safe bet. Flew from Barcelona to Bangkok via Doha. Aircrafts are fairly new and well maintended, and in general, all crew members are efficient. I have to say I really like this sense of multiculturalism there is on board. I normally fly Qatar for long haul flights, and the ammenities provided are kinda nice, especially for red-eye flights (eye mask, toothpaste and toothbrush, etc). I don't really need it, as I like sleeping while flying or read my own books, but the inflight entertainment system has lots of options, too. The last two times I used Qatar I had the same thought about food, maybe it's all about my own expectations, but it could be better. It just feels average if you compare it with others. Last time snacks were not that good and not really varied (it was also because due to time difference I had breakfast x 2, snaks x2 - felt very repetitive). I was unlucky to sit in the middle of the cabin, so once the crew served us, out of the 3 options available, only 1 was left. Even if Qatar is usually not the most affordable, I wouldn't doubt to fly with them again.
  After an  outbound trip which was good, we had slight issue during the inbound trip. First off, start with the check in process at MUC. Arriving 3 hours before flight, it took us 1.5 hours to get the boarding pass. 30-40 people waiting in the line, and only 1 counter is available to do the check in. We and other people ending up boarding last on the plane.  Upon arrival for transit at DOH, we were greeted with the sign that passengers to KUL please report to staff. We learned, from the first staff that our flight was overbooked by 50 people. For pax from Munich, they decided to bump us to the next flight. They offered us $250 voucher (not cash) and get on the next plane which will arrive 8 hours later. As that means we will miss the connecting flight and they do not offer to compensate for that connecting flight, we refused the offer. Also, how come it impacted us when we checked in successfully not even 6 hours before. There were several group of passengers. Then the story change, it is not overbooked but technical difficulties. After heated arguments with the ground staff, we indeed can get into the plane, the seat next to me at the plane is empty. It is not until we arrived at KUL that I learned the previous flight for DOH-KUL was cancelled. 
  Qatar Airways Business Class on A380-800 is my favourite because of its good value. For the price you paid, you get personable service from the cabin crews as well as access to the world's best onboard bar/lounge. Cabin feels intimate as capacity is capped at 48 people. There is no luggage overhead in the middle section of the cabin, so the class feels very roomy/spacious. The only complain that I have is the rather horrible Wi-Fi connection, which is very slow and capped at 15 minutes for business class passengers. Other than that, everything is quite perfect.
 I recently flew Qatar Airways A320 Business Class from Sofia to Doha. The seat was very wide and comfortable and the crew was very friendly. You have a wide choice of food from the menu. The inflight entertainment was also nice. But most of all I liked the attention that the flight attendants pay to the passengers. If you fly Business Class with Qatar Airways on the same aircraft, you may get a Special Services Bus waiting for you when arriving in Doha, but only if the aircraft doesn't park on the terminal.
  Excellent service and a great experience with Qatar Airways flying from Doha to Kochi. I can't but write about the crew and the service I received. Crew were genuinely caring. They proved to be a five star airline in all aspects, food, service, entertainment.

  I was excited to fly Boeing 787 aircraft from London Heathrow to Male via Doha. My seat was in the middle 3 but the seat felt very narrow with tiny leg room. I am not a large person but when the person in front of me put the seat down 5 minutes after take off, I had no room at all. This leg room was the same on all three flights. On two of these flights I had a tall person sitting behind me and therefore I could not put my seat down and I felt very squashed and unable to watch TV as it was too close to the face. I always pre-order a vegetarian meal and I was pleasantly surprised that I received a different meal on all 3 flights and all 3 were very tasty. As this flight was part of our holiday, I did not have a choice of an airline but if I did, I would not choose to fly them in Economy again.
  Flew from Doha to London Heathrow. Qatar Airways Business Class on the A380 is one of the best I have been on. The seat is spacious with plenty of storage. The menu had a very good choice of main meals and also something vegetarian. The bar at the back of Business Class has an airy feel to it. I travelled with my husband and we decided to have the two seats in the middle. He is a terrible traveller but he managed to sleep for 5 hours and felt very refreshed when we got to London. We had a 4-hour layover in Doha and their Business Class lounge is also very good which makes the long flight with stopover much more pleasurable.
  We went back to Qatar Airways after a disappointing flight with Emirates recently and were very happy that we did. Whereas Emirates appear to cut corners in business class, Qatar get this all right. The business lounge at Heathrow is exceptional, great staff, facilities and a superb restaurant with waiter-served gourmet food on offer and a good wine/drinks selection. Boarding was quick and close by. The seats on Q002 to Doha and then onto Denpasar, are 2/2/2 config. If you are not a couple, choose a centre seat, or your window 'partner' will have to climb over you for a toilet visit. The centre seats both have direct aisle access. Seats are not super-wide, but are comfortable and recline fully. The one idea Qatar could take from Emirates is the extra padded seat-base provided, just to make lying down a bit softer if you want to properly sleep. TV screens are big, like Emirates, but unlike Emirates, are high quality/pixelated, so no grainy movies on a huge screen which hurt your eyes. Large choice of movies, mini-series, etc. Qatar staff are tremendous, quite the most eager to please off all airlines I've flown in a long time. Food selection is excellent and served as though in a restaurant, heated and then decanted onto china plates, arranged gourmet style with perfectly heated, fresh bread. Onboard Wifi on both airlines is quite useless but that's a developing technology. The transfer in DOH (to the DPS flight), was a very long walk (15 minutes) but no buses at least and we used the time to stretch our legs. Overall, we'd certainly choose Qatar over Emirates again, even if the fares (which vary considerably) are more expensive to fly with Qatar. We've also seen dates where Qatar is considerably cheaper than Emirates. To sum up, flying with Qatar still feels like 'real' business class. 
  We have had 2 flights from Sao Paulo to Perth. The first and the longest one, which should be the best experience, was average: Seats were not that comfortable. Besides old-style seats and lack of privacy, I realized that there was a hole (on the back of the seat) when sleeping on my seat 2A. Flight attendants could be more responsive when we pressed the button as well as when we got changed into the pyjamas. They could set up our bed more promptly. Food was very tasty. Poor wine list.

  Flew Qatar Airways from Abu Dhabi to London Heathrow via Doha. Usual high quality product but far from 10/10 perfection, notably departure and arrival into Abu Dhabi. Good points: pristine aircraft and crew, inflight entertainment, excellent timekeeping. As a Silver Privilege card holder I benefit from accessing the upper-deck 'snug' on the A380 at no extra cost. This is at least equivalent to the inflated-price Premium Economy provided by European airlines - excellent. Particularly impressed with Heathrow. On arrival, immigration cleared and bags collected in less than 15 minutes even for a Chinese passport holder. On departure from T4, no queue at check-in - although other airlines appeared to have issues - with ample seating, excellent wifi and refreshment options at High Street prices in the departure lounge, £1 for a Boots' sandwich, a steal. Gripes: in common with other middle east airlines, the continued use of buses at Doha that dump connecting passengers at furthest distance from the departure terminal - minimum 20 minute walk - albeit, for both legs, without a requirement to pass through further security checks(?), continual promotion of complimentary wifi on the aircraft that seldom actually worked and, in any event, is only 'complimentary' for a maximum of 10 minutes during the flight. The inadequacies of AUH are well documented elsewhere. Suffice, with Qatar departures at 0555 and 0645 - the former a B777/A332 - check-in was chaotic with woefully inadequate provision of desks and organization of queues which, fortunately, on this occasion, did not delay departure. This is a daily event so no excuses. On return to AUH, after the interminable taxi to the far end of the airport, thereafter a 30 minute wait for ground services to provide stairs to the obligatory bus and an hour to clear immigration, Accepted airport travails are largely outside the control of the airline. Nonetheless, Qatar surely has the wasta to secure improvement, especially at Doha? AUH may be a lost cause, however. I would lose no sleep were Qatar to switch additional resources to DWC and offer an express coach from Abu Dhabi centres in lieu of serving AUH. Indeed, were the policy pursued I would likely benefit from additional sleep.
  I travelled twice with Qatar Airways on the routing HAN-CPH return – totally 12 sectors from CPH to HAN via DOH and BKK and the same on return. 8 of these were on business, the other 4 on economy. 3 different aircraft all of high quality and maintenance standards: B787, A380, and B777-300. Check-in was handled kindly and smart in CPH, despite I was a bit demanding: I needed to coordinate three check-in’s as I travelled with family members in economy class. Lounge access granted perfectly, even to family. Luggage handled perfectly and arrived on time. All flights on time. This airline is a solid winner and continues to never disappoint me as the product is very predictable. All departures were on time, earlier, or slightly delayed (in two cases). FA onboard in general are among the very best, quickest, devoted, and most kind that I have experienced. For all 8 business class legs predeparture drinks (inc. champagne) was generously offered. This was for CPH, the first time I experienced that pre-departure champagne was being offered in business class.  Food and wines were good throughout but food is getting less, lesser options, smaller portions, often only one meat choice.  I was given amenity kits on all longhaul sectors and pyjamas on night-flights. The bar in A380 worked well though I’d prefer chairs to sofas – and missed some music or a bit of life. The best lounges were in Doha, but also the ones in Bangkok were good. The third party lounge used in CPH Airport, “Aspire”, disappoints in comparison with those offered in DOH, BKK, and HAN. The biggest faults are the never-ending bus-rides in Doha (at least one bus trip per stopover for me in Doha. Ramadan caused that lounges in Doha were alcohol dry. Onboard long haul flights, I am annoyed by intrusive, repetitive announcements of QR charity support encouragements.
 Frankfurt to Dubai via Doha. Qatar Airways really is in a class of its own when flying Business Class. Aircraft brand-new, seating outstanding (777 in 2-2-2 layout - only weak point is no Wifi), staff naturally friendly, meal service on demand whenever you want it and tasty food. As this might not be enough, you get, as they call the premium class between DOH and DWC "First Class", access to the incredible Al Safwa First Lounge in Doha, where you find absolute silence and all the rest you dream of being used to overcrowded european Business Lounges. In Frankfurt, Qatar uses the Air Canada Star Gold Lounge, which is not at all bad, but nothing compared to Doha. Flying to Dubai via DWC was a great decision. This airport is really small, so the distance to walk from the aircraft to the car-parking (free and empty) is about 200m and takes, queue-less immigration and baggage claim inclusive, some 20 minutes. The short 40 min flight DOH-DWC was operated by Al Maha Airways. You get real Business Class recliner seats, pre-departure drink, arabic coffee and a warm tasty meal. For me, Qatar Airways is the better way to fly - for not even 2100€ return. Bye, bye, european carriers.
  Singapore to Zurich via Doha. Very good service in ground and in air too. Aircraft are well designed and crews well behaved. For outbound flight, I preferred long transit, around 12 hours, but didn't get any airport hotel during transit while some other passenger got airport hotel. I talked with information booth, they checked my ticket and said not eligible for airport hotel. Why not? They didn't explain. I think its more airport problem than airline. Still for long transfer passenger, airlines should arrange some accommodation or free lounge at least.
  Flew from London Heathrow to Bangkok with transit in Doha with my husband. First leg with Airbus B77W was ok, seat is much more comfortable than 2nd leg A380. Our first flight was delayed an hour in LHR, we were quite concerned we would miss our connecting flight only one hour in Doha. Spoke to two cabin crews, they said there was not much they could do. After landing in Doha, there was no boarding gate so it took a while to reach the departure hall by bus, there is an information counter outside where we came in, however staff weren't being helpful apart from telling us we needed to be fast. The ground staff knew there were about 50 passengers on our flight that were late for their connecting flight, without any help on the ground, me and my husband along with 50 passengers had to run from gate D2 to B3, this was 3 kilometers in distance. The most disappointing part was the food. Pie after pie from Bangkok to London, on the way back the food was even worse. Overall, I wouldn't fly with Qatar again.
  Colombo to New York via Doha return with Qatar Airways. In short, this was a memorable experience and the service we received in business class was outstanding. Check in Colombo was smooth although the Araliya lounge did not do justice to Qatar Airways service. A340 between Colombo and Doha had angled, lie-flat seats in 2-2-2 configuration. Service was exceptional except the staff initially forgot to serve my wife the meal she requested. The menu offered all day dining with a good selection of food and wine. Although the transfer ticket pouch states to show this on arrival in Doha there was no ground staff to welcome transit passengers. We had to find our way to the Business Class Lounge, which was not far from the gate. The lounge is an experience in itself, like a mini hotel, with two restaurants, drink stations, two buffets, serviced bars, sleep stations with lie flat couches, toilets with attendants, showers, etc. The lounge was inviting but no announcements are made. We were the last go through security but had no issues. We were looking forward to the A350 and to experience this new aircraft. A350 business class seats are in a 1-2-1 configuration with direct aisle access. We had chosen two middle seats to be close to each other. But they were still reasonably apart to provide adequate privacy with a slide-out screen in between the seats. Cabin staff were very welcoming. The amenity kit for this flight really was exceptional with Armani products, noise cancelling headphones and pyjamas. The cabin staff on this flight was exceptional and made you feel valued. The a la carte menu had a wide range of options to choose from any time you like and was complimented by an extensive selection of wines and spirits. The senior flight attendant was helpful setting up my phone for the on-board wi-fi. Equally the flight attendant who was looking after my wife went to the extent of preparing a special vegetarian meal, when she found that what was on the menu did not suit my wife. On arrival in NY, each one came to say goodbye to the passengers which I thought was very graceful. The return flight from NY to Doha was on a B777-200LR, which had lie flat seats in a 2-2-2 configuration. The seats were not as new as the A350 but nevertheless were comfortable and managed to get good few hours of sleep ahead of the day out in Doha. There was no wi-fi on this aircraft. The service was good, but having experienced the service on A350, I felt bit disappointed. On the return we enjoyed the Qatar Airways complimentary city tour and had more time to spend in the Business Class Lounge. We had breakfast and lunch in the restaurant. The food didn’t taste as exceptional as on board. However, there was a good selection in the menu as well as in the buffet. Last leg of the journey was on another A346 and the service was not dissimilar.
  When boarding I realized the plane was changed without being notified at check-in. Instead of single window seat on an A350 I got a neighbor next to me on an old B777. After take-off the massage function went on and could not be switched off. The apologetic cabin crew director tried to help, rebooted the system several times but could not fix the problem. As there was no other seat available, I had to stay in my allocated seat and I ended up sitting upright, where the impact of the massage was a bit less then in any other position. Instead off sleeping in my bed/seat I got a massage for the 6 hour flight. The experience was like a joke, although the crew was friendly and apologizing. 
  Doha to Paris with Qatar Airways. A great flight, near perfect, because I like the semi-open yet private configuration on the new 777, even soft lighting is an improvement. The seat is one of the best, the flat-bed is smooth. For me the Qatar Business Class is the best. The meal service is first class like : you can choose meal time and a-la-carte. In this case, either a supper or breakfast (as flight departs 1:20am) and serving time is at your choice. You pre-order your choice. Pyjamas and Armani overnight kit are provided. The Indian dish is delicious though I shall skip the Arabian courses. A most comfortable flight.
  Taif to Bangkok via Doha with Qatar Airways. 8th June 2016 TIF to DOH A320 Excellent flight. No Business class seats so the leg was in First class. Catering excellent and service on board was second to none! The crew was extremely attentive hat off to the cabin services supervisor and her staff. The Food was superb and the in flight entertainment very good for short haul. The Qatar business lounge at Hamad airport was dry (no alcohol) because it was Ramadan. This for an international traveler transiting through an airport is a big thumbs down for me as I like a glass of wine with my meal. This in future will cause me to chose another airline during this time of year. The second leg was on a Qatar A380. Again excellent service although with 50 plus business class seats the boarding was a bit like economy with a posh seat. Takes a long time to give the personal service I like when boarding. IE welcome drink, towel, pjs and menus etc. The cabin services manager must have seen me frowning and I got everything pretty sharpish after that. The in flight entertainment on this leg kept locking and needed resetting. Also people using their own headsets had damaged the headset jack that resulted in loss of quality of sound in my seat. The food was superb again. I enjoyed being able to walk around and use the the stand up bar and lounge area at the back of the business class section. This is very nice and it stops people gathering in the galley area to get drinks and chat. Qatar always provides me with outstanding service and I love flying only with them if where I am going is one of their routes. Well done to all the staff who took care of me on this flight. Hats off to you!!
  The Qatar Airways gate security personnel at Doha airport asked some passengers including me to "empty the contents of your briefcase and carry-on, in as many bins as needed". For me it took 3 bins, with all the items sitting in the bins for all to see as they rolled along the conveyor belt and reappeared at the other end of the scanning machine while I walked through the people-scanner. When I tried to retrieve my 3 bins at the other end of the conveyor belt, they were not contiguous, and the first was widely separated from the last, with other people's bins in between (I remember seeing other people's dirty laundry, family pictures, a jewelry box, and wad of cash). It was not trivial to re-pack the 3 bin contents into the bags - at the hotel it had taken me half an hour, but I managed to do it in 10 minutes, still too long for the impatient security staff. I heard some of my companions in misfortune use words like never again and this is the last time.
  Early evening Qatar Airways flight from Zurich to Doha. Check-in at the announced check-in opening time (3 hours before schedulded departure). Lots of passengers already waiting in line. Only three check-in agents on duty. Schedulded departure time was 18.30 hours, 18.25 hours take-off. Flight was not full - I had a bulkhead seat just behind Business-Class. Friendly welcome by the mostly Thai crew onboard. Seat was comfortable, screen and earphone quality outstanding and the entertainment selection classy which means a lot of arthouse movies and first rate recordings of operas and classical music available. Toilets were clean and roomy - impressed by the mood-lighting. Instead of the usual cold white lighting: warm and red colours which even made the "necessary" a pleasant and entertaining experience. Only disappointment was the food: quality, presentation and quantity were nothing to write home about. I had salad and apple-pie dessert but left the main course untouched. There is room for improvement. However on the plus-side drinks-rounds were frequent. Captain announced an early landing at Doha but due to heavy traffic we just got off the plane at the scheduled arrival time. If it were not for the disappointing food and the lack of staff at check-in I would have rated this trip with 10 stars.
  I used to regard Qatar Airways as one of the very best airlines in the world. This was based mostly on my journey taken in 2014 from Warsaw to Hanoi via Doha. I was impressed by the quality and standards QA presented then. This is why this year (after traveling with Emirates in 2015) I decided to fly with Qatar Airways to Sri Lanka from Warsaw. Unfortunately this time I was left disappointed. 1) Changing an aircraft - choosing QA I was tempted with advertisements of a brand new Boeing 787 Dreamliner. I chose the connection offering this very plane, but a few months later it was changed for one of the oldest machines used by QA - Airbus 340. 2) On board service - in 2014 every passenger was given a travel set (earplugs, toothbrush etc), during my last flight (which was overnight) no such thing was available. 3) Meals - in 2014 there were two meals served (main dish and a snack) now it's only one. 4) No snacks were available during my QR664 flight (unlike in 2014) 5) Drinks - QR boast about being the one air company offering champagne in economy class. No such thing was available, neither on my first flight from Warsaw to Doha this year, nor during flight from Doha to Colombo. These are not very big problems, but they have left me thinking it was only two years, so many changes and all of them for the worse. 


  Los Angeles to Doha in Qatar Airways Business class. Check in was uneventful at LAX’s Terminal 2 and the Maple Leaf Lounge was very run of the mill. The 16hr ultra-long-haul flight was superb from embarkation to curbside. Qatar Airways shines with the onboard service, meals and wine. Food quality was outstanding and it was great to dine on demand on this super long flight – I ate three times. Service is top notch being professional, prompt and always accommodating. The seats are large and super comfortable, with mattress, soft pillow and blanket. Only downside was I had a window seat so I did have to jump over the legs of fellow seat mate. To me a small price to pay for such a huge bed. Arriving into Doha was seamless with separate customs and immigration that looked more like a lounge than a normal customs area. This trip was definitely 5 stars – the return flight was completely different.
  Doha to Los Angeles in Business class. The onboard meals and service was top notch, seat comfortable and great entertainment choices. A 5.30am check-in took over 30mins then once at the lounge, and seated in the restaurant the waiter balked at me for asking for a menu. Basically, told me I can just have two eggs. So I left and headed to the gate. The gate was a free for all including premium customers and was incredibility hot. The agent loudly and aggressively quizzed about my documentation. Customer service at an all-time low. Airborne everything was going wonderfully well until 3 hours into the flight and the meal service had ended. The couple behind me refused to close their windows (Business has 3 per seat) the entire flight, flooding the cabin with light on this 17hr ultra-long-haul flight. After three conversations with the flight attendants they finally managed to get this couple to close their windows four hours out of LA for an hour. As I am light sleeper it meant I didn’t sleep the entire trip.  I would fly them again but just hope this experience doesn’t happen again.
  I was flying from Manchester to Hanoi with just a 55 minute connection in Doha so when they announced there was going to be a 2 hour delay taking off (from Manchester), I realised I would miss my onward flight. Other passengers were not happy to the point that 2 coppers arrived and led a passenger away (just a quiet word did the trick). In the end it was nearly 3 hours late taking off although at least 1 passenger decided not to fly which I think added to the delay as they had to offload her bags. Once in the air, I was pleased I had chosen Qatar Airways as without doubt their economy seat is the most comfortable I have ever travelled in. I think some airlines have the 777-EW as 3-5-3 where as Qatar have gone with 3-4-3 so are less narrow plus these seats also have good lumbar support. Less impressive were the food offerings, I had opted for a vegetarian dish which was very spicy but the FA on seeing that I had not really touched my main, was quick to offer an alternative. I hadn't actually said a word of complaint which amazed me as my usual experience with FAs when travelling economy is that they barely register you exist. On arriving in Doha at around 4am, I was pleasantly surprised how efficient Qatar's ground staff were as they had already booked me a hotel room and issued a new boarding pass. Had to go through immigration which was painless then off to Movenpick Towers and Suites with a 250 Rials credit (about £50) to be used for food. I also had my suitcase sent to the hotel which arrived within 2 hours. This was enough for 2 good meals using room service but was told I could not use the restaurant. (Qatar passengers are banned from using the restaurant on Fridays). Also slightly annoying was that the hotel gave the 250 credit in 3 vouchers (100+75+75) so if I wanted to place a food order for 110, I was told I would have to use 2x75 and not receive a voucher for unused 40 Rials. Anyhow bus picked me up at midnight, took me back to airport and checked in for my Hanoi flight. Think it was a different aircraft as economy was 3x3x3 but seats looked identical and just as comfortable. Flight seemed to go quickly including around 60 minutes stop in BKK. Food offerings were even worse than the Manchester-Doha leg but wasn't too bothered as wasn't really hungry anyhow. Hanoi arrival was very smooth into what looks like a brand new terminal. At the price I paid for my ticket, I will definitely fly with Qatar again and if flying from Manchester, eat at the pub on the perimeter road before checking in.
 Exceptional service by cabin crew on all 4 legs with Qatar Airways flying from Bangkok to Manchester via Doha. Aircraft all had the latest products and were very comfortable but on the ground Qatar is terrible: their new airport at Doha doesn't have enough toilets nor showers. My advice is to use the toilets on board before you deplane. In Manchester at the "Escape" lounge for business class customers I had to pay for a snack - GBP 6.95 for a hamburger, I could have had a some "chips" at GBP 2.00. 
  I flew from Stockholm Arlanda to Singapore Changi via Doha, in economy class. The first flight was nothing less than expected from Qatar Airways. The inflight service was very good, seats were OK, staff were quite courteous. The flight departed on time and landed a few minutes before schedule. The inflight entertainment in this particular aircraft was a bit dated, but worked nonetheless. Transfer in Doha was quick, no queuing in the security check. The A350-900 was a bit more comfortable than the B787, and the inflight entertainment was newer in this aircraft. WiFi was not free, and the price was very high, which is a big minus. The tickets were very cheap, and I'd say you get a lot for your money. Overall, I'm very satisfied.
  Flights were on time, good food, very comfortable seating with plenty of legroom. But above all, fantastic service. We flew to from Colombo to Frankfurt and Zurich to Colombo. On the flight back, I had a heavily swollen ankle. The Qatar Airways staff were extremely helpful and provided me with a wheelchair at the Zurich airport and also in the Hamad International Airport in Qatar. Really appreciated the care.
  I returned from London Heathrow to Shanghai with Qatar Airways. Check-in was done online. Lounge at LHR Terminal 4 is superb. I had lunch in the lounge to save time for a good rest on this short 6 hours flight. Cabin was clean and seat was comfortable. Inflight service was much better than the outbound flights, definitely 5-star service. Would recommend and fly again.

  I booked a ticket from Pisa to Auckland via Doha in business class. A week after booking I was informed about re-routing. I spoke with call centre and asked to fly via SYD, and to my surprise I was asked to pay additional charge - due to Qatar Airways representatives I have to pay or wait around two weeks to find out management decision. Due to complications in my future travel plans I decided to refund ticket. In call centre I was told I have to do online, then wait 5 days for reply back. However it may take 28 days. 
  Be aware if your flight is delayed. QR1111 Bahrain to Doha was delayed by at least 2 hrs which meant I would miss QR904 to Melbourne. I was fortunate to notice this on flight information screen of the lounge I was in, and; the staff there got me on a Gulf Air flight to Doha so making my connection. Had I not seen the notice board I'd have missed my connecting flight. Qatar Airways on the ground were found wanting. Doha to Melbourne flight was a good experience all around once in the air with good IFE, good food and attentive staff. This airline has to keep customers updated at all times especially on delays, offering quick alternatives to help passengers. They maybe 5 star in the air but are nowhere near this on the ground.
  Qatar Airways on an old Boeing 777 from Doha to Sydney. Luckily the business class was half empty. I sat in the middle row and nobody next to me. The seat was worn and the bed was one of the most uncomfortable experiences . The personal light, remote control and cabin crew call button did not work. Luckily this worked on the the empty seat next to mine. The crew was apologizing, but even several tries to reboot the system did not help. So I moved to the other seat. The food service had difficulties to cope with me sitting in another seat : now I was in a seat being served by the other crew. Food was poor as well. The Miso soup was lukewarm without taste and the lamb was overcooked. All in all a very disappointing experience. Although the always smiling cabin crew director tried everything at the beginning to limit the damage; after some time even his smile faded away.
  Munich to Doha with Qatar Airways, and the crew on the Boeing 787 was friendly and efficient. The food looked good, nicely presented but soup was cold and fish was dry. The best was the Haagen Dazs ice cream. The entertainment system was limited with not many new movies, classical music in audio is close to non-existent. No information was given about a change of the aircraft : instead of the A350 we got the B787; instead of the confirmed seat in the middle section of business class, the new seat is in the noisy last row! At check-in I was told that the luggage will be tagged only to the last destination of Qatar flights which was Sydney. They would not tag luggage to connection flights such as Virgin Australia, who are not part of oneworld alliance
  Flew Qatar Airways from Muscat to Kochi via Doha. The service provided in Business Class was top notch. Dining at the Business Class lounge at Hamad International was excellent. After lunch, chose a quiet room to rest little as there was six hours in transit for my onward flight. In the quiet room I could not rest due to heavy "snoring" from the next quiet room. So I took a tour around inside the new airport. I reported to Gate 8 one hour before my connecting flight to Kochi and noticed that the flight to Kochi will be full.  I will give a thumbs down for their service from Doha to Kochi. A330-300 was old but clean, amenity kit provided in the Business Class was really nothing on this short 4hr 25mins flight.  Crew were rushing which caused spilling two glasses of Orange Juice on a lady who was sitting next to me.  Seat comfort and IFE were good. Looking forward for my return flight in June 2016.
  Doha to Shanghai with Qatar Airways. Boarded just after 2am for a 2:50am departure. I planned to go right to sleep and asked a FA to make up my bed just after boarding. I was informed that there are no 'mattresses' and quilts on this flight as it is under 8 hours duration. The FA told me it is a flight duration of 7h50m. The QR website and my electronic itinerary, sent to me by QR, shows the flight as 8h30m. For a flight that leaves DOH at nearly 3am, one would expect that in a business class that has lie-flat seats that QR would have proper bedding, same as on all flights to/from the US, Australia, S. Africa, etc. The FA working my side of the aircraft in the second cabin of business class was cold and generally unfriendly - unusual for QR where the FAs are usually very personable and obliging. She more or less tossed everything at me and had a hard time cracking a smile before marching back to the galley. If you fly in business class with QR to China, bring your own bedding!

 Doha to Ho CHi Minh City with Qatar Airways. Check-in at the new Doha airport in the business class area was a delight. Met by Qatar Airways staff at my taxi, and they unloaded my luggage and escorted me to a check in desk. Check in, dedicated security and passport check was very speedy. Once in the departure lounge, I did have a little trouble finding the Al Mourjan business lounge. It's up an escalator, just to the left of the big yellow teddy bear. Superb lounge. Flight departed on time from Gates D - please be aware that the D gates are a long walk from the lounge - the terminal shuttle train is not yet running. Aircraft configured 2-2-2 and we took 2 together by the window and aisle. The seats are fully lie flat, but the foot space is a little small. The seats in row one seemed to have a larger foot rest area. The inflight entertainment had a lot less choice than on the Boeing 787. No wifi on this plane. The dining experience was the same as on my previous report from Manchester to Doha but the menu was different. As the flight departed at 2.30am, we chose a light meal and then had something more substantial near the end of the flight. On demand dining allowed you to chose what you want and when you have it. Flight landed early and disembarking speedy with business class being allowed off first.
  Manchester to Doha with Qatar Airways. 9am departure - boarding was at 8.15am and the flight left early. Seated in centre seats in a 1-2-1 arrangement. Cabin crew introduced themselves and brought champagne before take off. This flight has a dine on demand service. The crew took my order for lunch and drinks prior to take off. They asked when I wanted it - I said probably later as we had just had breakfast at the airport. They asked me to give them a 15 minute notice on when I wanted the food. Champagne and nuts served after take off. Lunch was soup, followed by an arabic meze. Main course was a spicy chicken dish and finally some ice cream. I declined the cheese course. Great choice of wines, Seating extremely comfortable and versatile. I managed some good quality sleep in the recline mode. The better cabin air atmosphere on the 787 was noticeable. Good selection of inflight entertainment although it took a little while to get used to the remote handset. Interactive flight display but no tail or belly cam. I used the wifi which was seemed to be free for only 15 minutes - easy to log on - and I managed to zap out a couple of emails. On time arrival. The crew allowed all the business class passengers to leave the plane first. Priority lanes at Doha directed us to an arrival lounge where we stopped for comfort break (you could also get refreshments here) then visa on arrival and immigration were at the exit from this lounge. Baggage arrived at the same time as I got to the reclaim belt. I could not fault Qatar Airways in anyway.
  We booked a business class flight from Pisa to Auckland via Doha with Qatar Airways for 1 Feb 2017. They have cancelled the flight without even informing us. I only found out when I downloaded their iphone app they have rebooked me on a Doha-Sydney flight. I rang them to ask what has happened and they say the Doha-Auckland flight has been cancelled so I will have to travel to Sydney and pay for the Sydney-Auckland flight. On online forums I can see they have offered free replacement flights to other customers but are now refusing to do this any more. This is against EU aviation law EC261 which states Qatar are liable for rerouting costs when they choose to cancel flights. It also goes against what it states in their own terms and conditions.  They are telling me I will have to pay £2000+ to book alternative flights. I have already booked non-refundable connecting flights on other airlines so this decision by Qatar Airways is going to cost me thousands of pounds unless they change their minds. They couldn't care less for their own customers.
  We had Qatar Airways business class flights for December 2016 (booked in early May) from Munich to Auckland via Doha, which were also confirmed. In May 2016, we found out that the flights were canceled, allegedly because the route was cancelled due to delivery difficulties of the A350, and thus the Boeing 777-200LR is used on other routes. The German/Polish Qatar Airways Call Center offered generous manner, either to refund our ticket, or to move the trip to February, which is not possible, however, because the lodges are already booked for the tour in New Zealand, and not may be canceled. A flight to Sydney and then a connecting flight to Auckland was declined by Qatar Airways, because obviously the One World partner Qantas no longer operates since 17/05/2016 with Qatar together. Thus, Qatar Airways does not even follow its own conditions of carriage and does not substitute transportation! Such poor service I have not yet seen. 
  Boston to Hyderabad via Doha on 05/05/2016. When we checked in they allocated seats here and there - how you can have your 6 and 7 years old seat on different seats and not next to the parents. When we boarded, we exchanged the seats, but their allotment of seats was so poor. The flight got delayed for 5 hours due to technical problem and by the time we reached Doha we had missed our connecting flight to Hyderabad. They said we will get Hotel and will be on next flight to Hyderabad. Once we reached Doha Qatar things got changed. They informed me that people who missed Hyderabad Flight will be accommodated on Emirates via Dubai and there were only 2 seats available. We are 4 in a family, luckily my wife was having visa for Qatar. I was forced to leave my wife and kids in Qatar and fly to Hyderabad. Her transfer was handled by the Qatar Airways and promised all 4 Bags will be delivered in Hyderabad. Emirates delivered 2 Bags at my residence, but told us to contact Qatar Airways about the 2 others. Now, after 12 days I am getting the run around. Every day I am following up in Hyderabad Airport.
 Melbourne to Munich via Doha with Qatar Airways. Really good price on tickets. Flights between Melbourne and Doha were aboard a B777-300ER. A comfortable plane for long haul flights. Good leg room (and I'm a big guy). Entertainment system was good - plenty of new and old movies to choose from as well as other entertainment. As good as any I've seen (including Emirates). The food was mixed. Return flights were better than outbound and breakfast seemed to be the least favorite. But some great tasting dinners were served for economy class. Service was generally good, but better on return flights. Overall, relaxed, friendly and efficient. Doha airport was a pain due to the transit security screening (which seems pointless), but the airport itself was good. Strangely, I'd like to recommend the Burger King there. Generally found that the Boeing planes were more comfortable than Airbus. Cushioning and leg room were much better on the former. Really liked the amenities packages given on the long haul flights as well.
  Warsaw to Seoul Incheon via Doha with Qatar Airways. A very good airline, didn't expect service like that. Hamad Airport in Doha also very impressive, feels like you in a shopping mall. However the A320 on Warsaw sectors for me was a disaster, no leg room. But Boeing 777 was a completely different thing, a lot of space and legroom was fantastic.
  I flew from Shanghai to London Heathrow via Doha with Qatar Airways.  Check-in and boarding at PVG was quick and smooth. Aircraft was clean and spacious with 2-2-2 seat configuration in business class, but the seat was not comfy. You could lie flat but lower part of the seat dropped down and legs did not get enough support. I could not sleep well in this seat. FA staff on PVG-DOH flight professional and helpful while DOH-LHR were superb. Food on PVG-DOH looked pretty good but tasted dull. On DOH-LHR, I ordered a light salad with scallops but got octopus served. Transit security check at DOH was messy : no Fast Track at all even though Fast Track was clearly signed. In the terminal, I had to ask twice to find the lounge. Lounge staff seemed tired. In short, it was not up to my expectation of a 5-star airline.
  Paris to Kuala Lumpur via Doha, the aircraft was new. Comfortable seats with adequate space. Cabin crew were friendly and helpful. No delays in Paris or Doha. Excellent beverage selections for the long flight. Food was quite delicious but the portions were rather small. Excellent entertainment system but with broken headsets. 

  Flew Hanoi - Bangkok - Doha - Copenhagen on 13-14 May 2016. All flights on time. Lounge access provided without hesitation for elite card holders. All three boarding cards for me were issued simultaneously at first check-in in Hanoi where staff were professional, supportive, and advisory on seating. Checked in luggage was handled correct and arrived perfectly though transferred twice on the way. All 3 aircrafts tried were in good conditions. FA staff did their level best to please me in the sky though the flights were full and the levels of food and beverage qualities continue to decline a bit. Flight entertainment was more than sufficient. Poor headphones. Amenity kit provided. The space in 787 in economy class is disastrous: the distance from nose-tip to screen of monitor is hardly 20 cm when the seat in front is declined. The bus transfers in Doha continue for many flights (e.g. DOH-CPH) and are very annoying to a 5-star airline. Ticket was not expensive as bought under world campaign 5 months earlier.
  Paris to Goa via Doha on 2nd May. Departure/Arrival is from our local airport and food free baggage allowance. Poor service by crew on board and the meal service was below expectations, the portion size left me still hungry.  I tried to get the attention of the stewardess to ask for more bread each time she walked past, but was ignored being too far away in my window seat. This, in spite of the fact that my call light was on for well over 45 minutes. Finally managed to ask for bread when they came to collect the trays! The service takes a long time in coming and when it does, they serve the drinks and meals in a single pass and don't come back to ask if you'd like your drink refreshed. Surely they can manage to serve an aperitif first so that passengers can relax while waiting for crew to get the meals ready. For the quick snack before landing we were served a puff pastry roll with some spicy chicken filling. The filling was okay, the pastry, terrible. The standard 3x3x3 seat configuration means that window seat passengers are 2 seats away from the aisle. As a result I was forced to remain in my seat without visiting the rest room for hours as I did not wish to inconvenience the passengers seated beside me until one decided to take a walk, himself. The reason we have so far continued to fly with Qatar Airways is the convenience of flying direct to our end destination without necessitating an overnight hotel stay. 
  Kuala Lumpur to Doha. The business class seat was wonderful. Food was five star quality and was served on a regular basis. The seat was very comfy and relaxing. One helpful addition that was not found on Qatar Airways A340 is the massage feature. The screens were large and had a wide selection of different movies and TV shows. Toilets had very good amenities and ambience. The best part of the flight was the service onboard. The crew was extremely nice and helpful, and the cabin manager stood out the most in my opinion.  Overall, the whole 7 hours had passed swiftly and I will definitely fly Qatar Airways again.
  Philadelphia to Doha, and more complete disregard for Privilege Club Platinum members. Originated travel with American Airlines in Washington, ending in Kuwait with Qatar Airways via DOH. Bad weather in PHL led to a ground stop in DCA, delaying departure by about 45 minutes. I eventually arrived in PHL with a full hour before departure of QR728 to DOH. I was concerned about my one piece of checked luggage making the connection from AA to QR in PHL. I was assured at the gate that all luggage had been loaded. Then the gate supervisor boarded the aircraft to inform me that my luggage had not, in fact, been transferred from AA to QR. I thought of deplaning, but as assured that it would be put on another QR flight that evening from JFK, BOS, MIA, IAD or ORD. PHL is only one of two QR flights from the US that departs in the morning. QR had a good 10 hours to figure out how to get my bag to another US departure city for a QR flight to DOH that evening. On arrival in DOH, no one was there to greet me on disembarkation to provide me any information, despite being a platinum member of Privilege Club and a very frequent flyer with a lucrative corporate account. At the first class lounge in DOH prior to my onward flight to KWI, I asked about my bag. The system showed no information. The agent at the reception said she’d phone around to find out where it is. A few minutes later, she located me in the lounge to inform me that my bag was still sitting in PHL and would travel tomorrow on QR728, a full 24 hours later. QR had ample time to get my bag to another US city for a departure on a QR flight to DOH that same evening. I am annoyed and feel that Qatar Airways did not handle this properly and risks losing their high yield customers if this is how they manage things. To add insult to injury, from the first class lounge to gate D1 for the KWI flight is a long walk and one would think that there would be buggies available at the exit from the first class lounge to transport first class passengers to remote gates. Despite assurances in DOH that someone would greet me on arrival in KWI, of course, there was no one there. I waited for nearly an hour in the airport QR office for the staff to come after seeing off the flight that I came in on.
  I had been hearing many favourable reviews of Qatar Airways so I took advantage of a great low fare (bit over $1k) and gave them a try, and was not disappointed for my flights from Washington Dulles to Singapore via Doha. Clean comfortable passenger cabins with some of the best leg-room and seat-room I've experienced in tourist class, plus decent food and drinks, and very friendly and responsive staff who really proved their mettle on the last of the four flights I took (Doha - Washington Dulles). It was a full flight with many elderly passengers (apparently travelling as a group), some two dozen of whom required wheelchairs, and departure was delayed somewhat, but through boarding and the flight itself the cabin crew proved more than equal to the challenge, with requests handled quickly (even a couple of toilet-roll-outage situations were remedied promptly once passengers made crew members aware of them) and a friendly, congenial air retained throughout. This is an airline much honoured for the quality of its inflight service, and on the four flights I took they were definitely on 5-star form.

  We travelled from London to Bangkok return via Doha in April 2016, and this was our first time in Business Class. We were not disappointed, it was amazing! It was very comfortable and the cabin crew on all 4 flights were first class. Nothing was too much trouble for them.  We would not hesitate to travel with Qatar again, well done for a great experience.
 Flew Qatar Airways from Hong Kong to Johannesburg via Doha. All flights were on time and arrived early. As usual high standard of food and service, but it beats me why when getting on the plane in Hong Kong at just after midnight, they serve dinner at about 1am, surely it is better to serve a snack then a full breakfast. Breakfast very basic served at about 3am Doha time. On the return 02.55am out of Doha, full Dinner is again served then a mediocre breakfast just before arrival at 4pm. As to the planes, both types were very good, although I found the foot space a little tight on both planes (window Seat). The crew however were excellent and the flights were good. As a member of the club, you are well treated. Films were the same in and out, although the return was on May 1st they had not changed to movies over.
  Doha to Singapore and disappointed that the aircraft was changed from the usual A350 to an old A330. The seat was uncomfortable. Service was disappointing and crew disappeared after the meal service and I did not notice them doing drink rounds. Will fly their A350 in future.
  Birmingham to Dubai via Doha return on Qatar Airways. The experience was amazing, staff were very friendly, attentive and professional. I was touched by how they would recite the dua before starting the flight. The safety video showing the procedures of what to do in the plane was I thought very creative and entertaining. Genius! I would recommend this airline. 
  Bangkok to Frankfurt via Doha on Qatar Airways, and both legs were on time, seats comfy, staff very friendly. Could have checked more often during the night if drinks were needed. My choice of gluten-free meals had been respected on our outbound flight, on the return flight they forgot about it. The movie choice was interesting. But on the leg Doha to Frankfurt I could neither finish the film that I had started on the first leg nor enjoy any other of them. Shortly after the start, my entertainment system broke down completely out of the blue. As some rows in front of me, a passenger seemed to have a medical problem, the steward was not able to look after such a minor problem as mine. So I was not even able to enjoy all the reworked blurred-skin-sequences that made my husband laugh, as I sat on the other side of the aisle and could not watch his screen either. By chance, I had a good book, and after an hour or so, I fell asleep. As I had another problem with my entertainment computer on the outflight, too, I think Qatar should check their IFE more regularly.
  Frankfurt to Bangkok via Doha with Qatar Airways. Ground service in Frankfurt was very helpful and nice. Both legs were on time, seats comfy, staff was very friendly. I had gluten-free meals, my husband normal food. Both were excellent. The movie choice was rather good, though including some very old successful films that must be known to everybody. Only complaint: on the leg Doha-Bangkok, my entertainment computer stopped the film every now and then and rewinded till I pushed the play-button. I tried two other films - the same.
  Melbourne to Rome via Doha, returning from Milan and flights were excellent, better than what Qantas offered. QF business class lounge used in Melbourne, flight left on time. Plenty of space in the business class cabin, pleasant lighting and cabin clean and comfortable, handy small bin with a light in centre console for water and things like pens, glasses etc. Food and wine selection excellent, FAs highly trained in food presentation and food and wine delivery. PJs soft cotton and available in S-M size, QF take note! Amenities kit generous, it contained a full size tube of Armani moisturiser, mini Si perfume, lip cream, comb and usual items. FAs charming and seemed genuine in their desire to make the flight as comfortable and enjoyable as possible, their English was excellent. Toilets were spotless at all times. My mobile phone was left at the business class lounge in Doha, no problem for the airline, and it was delivered back to me a week later, that's service. Business class lounge Doha a little hard to find but impressive. Excellent service in café, more formal dining room of business class lounge was on upper floor. Fabulous airline for long haul flights from Australia to Europe and beyond.
  On this route I had chosen to fly Cathay but it stopped covering this route so I was booked onto Qatar Airways, a bit of an irritation because they used an old A330 with old business class product. The Qatar Airways service was impeccable and so was the food. But the seat is uncomfortable. I was hoping to catch up on some film or TV programme but the irritating and unpredictable control made this impossible. I got all possible languages but English.
  We had to fly to Brussels which just had the terrorist attack. We understood that Qatar could not fly us to Brussels. They forced us to choose a European airport that Qatar Airways flies to. Paris, Madrid, London or Frankfurt. If we did not choose we would not be allowed to travel to Doha, where we should have had a stopover. We chose Frankfurt as it is reasonably close to Brussels. However we were very surprised and furious when Qatar Airways ground staff told us we would be on our own in Frankfurt. You have to find the rest of the way yourself. Other airlines had ground transportation available to get the passengers to Brussels. We had to spend a lot of money to finally get to Brussels. We will not fly Qatar again.
  Qatar Airways are still using it's old business class seats on the MAN flights. Fly to London, Edinburgh or Birmingham (and many other places in Europe) and you get the lovely new flat beds which are considerably better. But to Manchester the now tired inclined seats and average tv monitors are used. Food still good though. Clearly there are some economies being made with cheaper champagne and they used to feed you twice, second time with a lovely afternoon tea. Now it's a main meal then "snacks on request". I upgraded from economy to business using QCredits that are given to frequent fliers. Not sure I'd do it again for the MAN flight. Flew back to Doha from Paris on the A380, a much better experience.
  The flight from Paris CDG to Doha started with a visit to a small lounge run by AF and it was far from the lounge that I expected - they provided croissant but even no butter and no excuse. On the flight however it was excellent. My seat is fitted with a new type armrest that has a vertical drawer for a bottle of water. The service by the crew was excellent and attentive. The meal is quite substantial for a morning flight, with interesting Arabian items and huge portion for the main course. Even a morning flight, we were given an overnight kit by Armani. That's why Qatar is a 5-star airline by all accounts. On time arrival.
  Islamabad to Washington via Doha.  I had the most wonderful experience flying on Qatar Airways. Being a Privilege club member for years, it just amazes me of how innovative they are  in terms of going above and beyond in customer satisfaction! I want to especially point out in regards to the a young flight attendant during my sector from DOH-IAD, who deserves all the praise for making my trip just memorable!
  This flight from Doha to Hong Kong took off from the Middle East at the awkward time of 3.30 am. On boarding the nice stewardess greeted me and hung my jacket. After taking off it was meal time, and I was given the option of eating on awakening. The seat was comfortable, and the breakfast was good though the congee that I took as Main is not Chinese style. Throughout the flight and service are smooth and comfortable. And this after relaxing at the beautiful lounge at Doha airport. A first class flight.


  I've flown Qatar Airways several times before and always loved the in-flight service and the food. However, never before did anything go wrong. Business class trip to Oman, and on departure from Heathrow they held the plane for an hour and a half for late arriving passengers (so announced the pilot to the passengers). Didn't make any time up in the air, and on landing at Doha it meant half the plane missed our connections, including me, which meant being stranded in Qatar for a night. Qatar Airways insisted I stay in the airline-owned hotel a shuttle bus ride away from the airport, despite my request to stay in the airport hotel. I got no sleep due to the noise and 4am wake up call, and they charged me USD$21 for an hour of Internet access. Missed my morning of meetings in Oman due to the rescheduled flight. The shocking thing is that on return no one cared an ounce about the fact their decision to hold the plane in London - not weather or mechanical. I asked for compensation for the $21 I had to spend on their hotel's Internet and was refused. True customer service shows through when things go badly and Qatar failed in this case. In short, inflight service is definitely one of the best airlines in the world. But if anything goes wrong with your trip, you do not want to be flying Qatar.
  Manchester to Phuket return via Doha. A330 from MAN to DOH cramped and tired IFE which lacked touch screen. The controls are fiddly and I did not bother with. Food was okay but had better DOH to HKT on Boeing 777, more space and thus more comfortable. IFE was more modern and had touchscreen but prefer Emirates IFE. Love flying on the A380, lots of room and very quiet in the cabin. IFE again more modern and similar to the Boeing 777. Last sector DOH to MAN again on A330, same as the outward leg. Crew on all legs were efficient but some were not overly friendly. The big bonus now with Qatar Airways is the new airport in Doha which is a huge improvement over the old one
  Colombo to Rome via Doha return in Business class. Outbound, check in at Colombo handled by SriLankan Airlines. Even though check in was swift, service was lethargic. Boarding and departure slightly delayed. First flight was on an A340-600 which had been refitted. Seats quite comfortable. IFE somewhat disappointing as content not as extensive as expected. Cabin service was impeccable and food good. Happy to see that Qatar Airways maintains inflight catering standards. Transfer in Doha was swift. Second sector operated by a A330-200. Comments similar to first flight. Fast disembarkation in Rome. Return check in at Rome was good friendly and fast. Lounge used by QR in Rome leaves a lot to be desired. Boarding on time with early departure. Flight was operated by a Boeing 787, and the IFE on B787 is excellent. Cabin crew were charming and professional. Food and drink excellent. Early arrival into DOH giving good connection time in DOH. Doha business class lounge outstanding - clean and crisp. Last sector to CMB was again on an A340-600. All good and left plane as a happy passenger.
  We were due to travel from Cape Town to Brussels and I phoned Qatar Airways office three days before our departure to ask if Brussels airport was still closed after the bombings. I was told that it would be open but I asked what would happen if it was not open and I was informed that passengers would be put on flights to Amsterdam, Paris or Dusseldorf. I therefore printed off our boarding passes to Brussels two days before the flight as requested. When we arrived at Cape Town airport 3.5 hours before the flight, we were told that our flights had been cancelled and we would have to rebook. At the booking office, we were told that there were no seats available on flights to Amsterdam, Paris, Dusseldorf or London Heathrow and all they could offer us were flights to Birmingham. If Qatar had sent us an email to inform us that our flights had been cancelled, we might have been able to find much more suitable alternatives in time. We accepted very reluctantly to fly to Birmingham, as this was extremely inconvenient, only to be told that the airline would not organise or pay for onward travel from Birmingham to Brussels. We also faced a wait of 7 hours at Doha airport instead of the previously scheduled 2 hours. We asked if there was a possibility of an upgrade or a place in the Business lounge but we were told that it was not company policy. At Doha airport, we tried to book train tickets from Birmingham to London and from London to Brussels on the Eurostar but there were no printing facilities we could find. It was also cold and extremely noisy, with the children's play area right next to the quiet room .Our train tickets cost us £33 each and Eurostar tickets 382 euros, out of our own pocket. We finally arrived at Birmingham airport to discover there were no trains that day to London, due to overhead cables being down. We finally arrived in Brussels at 11.30pm, having been due to arrive originally at 7.25am. An email of complaint to Qatar Airways was met with the inflexibility we had encountered from the supervisor at Cape Town airport. This was the first time we had travelled with this airline and it will be the last.
  A bad experience with a big family on the flight from Cape Town to Doha that basically took over the business section, messed up the bathrooms and used the space in front of the toilets for praying - so much so, that one felt guilty to get up to use the lavatory. This family also had a child, that was screaming for nine hours. The child is not to blame - the parents did not pack single toy or drawing book etc.  Original ticket had a layover in Doha of more than 8 hours that with complimentary hotel. Qatar changed the times which resulted in the cancellation of this hotel booking. I was assured by there are ample sleeping opportunities in the Business lounge in Doha but do not bet on this. Lounge was cold and too noisy for sleeping. Quiet zone was occupied  so you are waiting there for your next flight until the next morning. Next shorter flight in bad business seat in A320 and I could not sleep properly. Will not book again if they have a layover of less than 8 hours.
  London to Colombo via Doha with Qatar Airways. The Boeing 777 had the best legroom but narrow seats, A340 was very cramped, the Boeing 787 average but narrow seat. Onboard service by crew was good. I found the food inedible and was very disappointed. All flights on time though so that was a bonus. Not sure how you get five star service in economy.
  Edinburgh to Male via Doha return in Qatar Airways business class. Everything about the experience was excellent both on the ground and in the air. Great food and drink, comfortable seats, wide range of entertainment and punctual flights. The dedicated Qatar Airways arrivals lounge for premium passengers at Doha was new (to me) and worked very well.
  London Heathrow to Cape Town via Doha with Qatar Airways. What a wonderful experience. The crew were well turned out, the service was very polite, friendly and smiling. The meals were way above average. Legroom was more than adequate (maybe I'm just short) and the inflight entertainment was not lacking. I loved my experience with them and I would definately fly them again.
  Copenhagen to Melbourne visa Doha return. This was a fantastic business class experience and I understand now the recognition QR get for their product. From ground to air, they are streets ahead of most airlines. The 1-2-1 seating on the Boeing 787 is amazing, comfortable and provides an intimate and private space on a long flight - even the 2-2-2 seating on the Boeing 777 was a very respectable product. The catering is fantastic, on all flights the quality was high and beautifully presented. The Barramundi in Saffron sauce I was served on the way back from Melbourne, was something I would be very happy with at a high end restaurant! There biggest asset is their staff who provide consistent and warm hospitality. I was greeted by name on boarding on several flights, including with 'salaam' which was a nice touch. The lounge staff were friendly without being overbearing and the guy manning the showers outbound deserves a massive pat on the back as he went out of his way to ensure I had everything I needed to get refreshed. Outbound on my flight DOH-MEL I was unwell so unfortunately didn't get to enjoy the catering (which looked amazing from the menu) or bar but was well looked after by staff onboard the flight including the CSD who checked up on me throughout the flight. Inbound on the last leg to CPH, my seat area hadn't been cleaned properly due to late landing and turnaround of the plane. This was unacceptable but once crew was informed she was embarrassed and tried her best to rectify the problem and tried to more make up for it through the rest of the flight.  All in all the soft service is really what sets QR apart from their rivals.
  A recent trip from Dubai to Edinburgh via Doha was wrecked. Dubai to Doha flight delayed due to weather which is fair enough, cabin crew and supervisor reassured us that the Captain had called and we'd land 20 mins before departure so would be whisked to our flight to Edinburgh - however no staff were waiting, and the connections desk told us the gate was closed. Some hours later (after being re-routed via London) our London flight was delayed for over an hour to await connecting passengers, so we were likely to miss the London to Edinburgh connection arranged on British Airways - no ground staff waiting on arrival for us there despite promises. The British Airways flight was delayed due to technical fault so we arrived 12 hours late with no luggage  - missed my wife's surprise party and champagne breakfast the next morning as I had to get up early to go and collect luggage from the airport. 
