  Flight was amazing. The crew onboard this flight were very welcoming, and gave a good atmosphere. The crew serving my aisle goes by the initial “G”. She was very kind & helpful. Gave my mom a bday cake for a late celebration even though it was just a 1hr 45min flight. Seat is well sanitized, legroom is spacious. IFE onboard has many variety of shows, music, etc. Bathroom always kept clean by crew at all times. & Food was delicious, overall this flight is a 9/10
  Booking an emergency exit seat still meant huge discomfort in a seat far too narrow and poor padding meaning back ache in 90 minute flight. The seats on this aircraft are dreadful. The headphones and sound on the entertainment system was dreadful.
  Excellent performance on all fronts. I would definitely choose to use this airline again. The aircraft is well-maintained and the staff well-trained on hospitality. Food was plentiful and tasty.
 Pretty comfortable flight considering I was flying in economy class in one of the older aircraft in their fleet which is still kept in relatively good condition. The economy class cabin was in a 3-3-3 configuration and the flight was almost full. What amazed me most was how much food was available for economy passengers - 2 full meals and the rear galley was stocked with snacks. The crew came round regularly with trays of drinks and juice through the flight. I disembarked with a very full stomach! The timing of main meals and the lighting/dimming of the cabin were done sensitively. The cabin crew seemed willing to please, it makes interactions pleasant and the whole experience that bit more enjoyable. Eye-masks were not handed out but were provided upon request. The economy class toilets were stocked with complimentary toothbrushes. Wifi was supposedly free but didn't seem to work for the duration of the flight. However, there was a diverse choice of movies and TV programmes.
 The service was consistently good from start to finish. The cabin crew showcased the friendly Singaporean culture at its finest. It seemed like they really cared for the passengers, which is what I liked the most. The seat was comfortable and wide range of movies was provided (too many to choose from even!) 
 This flight was over six hours long on a B737 MAX8. I booked an emergency exit row seat by the window. The seat is absolutely dreadful. Lacks padding, and within a few hours, developed back ache that lasted for several days after the flight. The left and right armrests effectively reduce the working seat width to 12 inches. The B737 MAX is not fit for purpose for long haul flights and I would recommend that you do fly on this aircraft unless its for a flight duration of no more than 2 hours. Most passengers I spoke to by the end of the flight were also having back aches too. The flight also run out of wine and beer before they had completed serving the lunch so inflight service also very poor indeed. The sound on the entertainment system was also poor and the earphones kept falling out of your ears. 
  Boarding process went smoothly, and plane left on time. I had a window seat in the first part of economy section. The plane has 3-4-3 layout. We were 3 adults on this row, and it was very narrow. When the passenger in front of me, reclined his seat, i could hardly look at my screen, and could not fold out the table. The crew told people to raise up the seat backs during the meal times. We had two meals, dinner and breakfast, both meals were ok. I wanted to charge my phone during the flight, usb charger wad not working. I remember many years ago, when travelling with Singapore Airlines, the drink trolley came before the meal, and again when you got the meal, and they showed up again shortly after the meal also. Now you just get drinks along with the meal, and they do not ask if you want a refill. Very ordinary service and not very friendly staff either.
  Pleasant flight which operated on time. Check-in at Changi was smooth and assistance given to me since I didn’t know how to use the check-in kiosk and bag drop. Lunch was provided onboard and advanced special meal requests were catered for appropriately. I like flying this airline.
  I embarked on a journey with high hopes and anticipation, having secured a connecting flight ticket from Penang to Singapore, and then onwards to Jakarta. Opting for Singapore Airlines, renowned for its outstanding reputation in both air travel and service, I anticipated nothing less than a seamless experience. The cost of this connecting flight amounted to MYR 1601, roughly USD 335, a price I was more than willing to pay for quality service. My journey commenced with a minor delay in takeoff from Penang. The flight proceeded smoothly, accompanied by a light snack comprising a slice of pizza and a beverage of choice. As we approached Changi Airport, the situation took an unexpected turn. The captain announced a delay in landing, estimating an additional 15 to 20 minutes before touchdown. A sense of unease crept over me as my connecting flight departure time loomed closer. Despite my concerns, I remained optimistic, trusting in the efficiency of Singapore Airlines to navigate any challenges seamlessly. Upon landing at 12:05 pm and disembarking at 12:18 pm, I was met with a startling realization. Rather than a smooth transition to my connecting flight, I was handed a new ticket, rescheduled for departure at 4:10 pm, accompanied by a SGD 15 food voucher for Burger King and Coffee Bean.  I sought clarity from the attendant, only to be met with dismissiveness. The absence of any acknowledgment or attempt at redress left me deeply disappointed. The disregard for my time and the indifferent handling of the situation underscored a gap in the airline's commitment to customer service. In retrospect, my expectation for exemplary hospitality and proactive problem-solving from a reputed airline like Singapore Airlines was regrettably unmet. As I reflect on this experience, I am reminded of the importance of genuine care and consideration in customer service, particularly in moments of inconvenience or distress.
  No queue at check-in, and boarding at the gate was done in an orderly fashion by zones. Pleasant greeting from crew on boarding. The flight was full but cabin crew worked hard to serve lunch to everyone satisfactorily. Great inflight entertainment options for a short-haul flight— far better than any equivalent flights available within Europe for example. Flight landed on time, disembarkation was quick and luggage delivered to the belt quickly as well. I can’t fault a single aspect of the flight.
  Competitive pricing on this route. Service is reliable and friendly. Flight was on time and all aspects went smoothly. No complaints at all and would recommend to others.
 This was my first time flying on a regional Singapore Airlines flight on a narrow-bodied aircraft since the old subsidiary Silk Air was absorbed by the parent carrier, and I was impressed. Everything went well on the flight, from boarding, to exemplary behaviour and courtesy shown by the cabin crew, to the food and boarding process at Changi airport. The inflight entertainment provided was the full product used for their long haul flights — amazing!
 Superb service even in economy class. Nothing was too much trouble for the cabin crew. Good food and plentiful. Ample choice of entertainment. Flight departed late but still arrived a little early. Boarding at Heathrow was a little chaotic however.
  I was one of the last business class passengers to board, Went to my seat and no offer of pre departure drinks or hot towel. Japanese FA came to me and confirmed my meal order and informed me lunch service would start around 1130am. We took off about 0830am, after takeoff lights were dimmed and nothing was offered. From the time the aircraft took off to the start of lunch service around 11am I did not see crew in the cabin and nothing was offered for 2 1/2 hours. Lunch started with a drink order of orange juice. What came was a syrupy kind of orange drink like cordial. Meal service was fine but this set of crew was just not SQ standard. The regional seat was really uncomfortable and cramped. I did not like it and prefer the older long haul seat.
  The flight is very smooth sailing, no problems whatsoever and the cabin crews are very friendly and helpful with great hospitality. The pre booked meals are very delicious and well cooked, I couldn’t have asked for a better airline than SIA. The seats are very comfortable and relaxing, it's even better when it’s been converted to a bed and plenty of space and privacy with better comfort. I hope to one day fly with this very amazing again.
  I flew Perth to Hong Kong via Singapore on SQ226/896 business class on 17/18 January. The first sector was faultless, the crew attentive, no rush with the meal service and a crew member always wandering around the business cabin checking on passengers, topping up drinks etc. magnificent. The next sector started well with friendly and attentive crew, however, after the meal service the entire crew serving business disappeared and were only seen if the bell was rung! A shame because this now seems to be the norm. Rush the meals, dim the lights and hide!
  For my final trip booked for July 2024, Singapore cancelled my return flight from Istanbul to Sydney. Both the travel agent and I have been trying to get in touch via phone, sms and online forms and they are not responding at all. The travel agent no longer wants to know after a month and a half of trying, they sent me an email for me to try direct, Singapore will not speak to me despite my telling them the agent has wiped his hands of it. Today I found out I will not get my full refund if I were to cancel because the agent took out travel insurance on my behalf without advising me at all. I always have my own travel insurance why would I need another. 
  Booked a wheelchair service from Milan to Bangkok. Apart from a slight mishap in Singapore this was one of the best flights I have ever had. The quality of the service was outstanding. Crew worked throughout unlike many European airlines, with great attentiveness. I know because I never sleep. The quality of the food was superb. From my experience both Singapore airlines and Thai have the best training I have come across. Very good entertainment system with many choices. As a yearly flyer there is nothing better than having a long flight where everything works smoothly and people care about you. I can only say thank you. I appreciate your hard work. I will be flying with you again later this year.
 I initially booked two separate flights for this airline in November. The first was a LHR-SIN-LHR flight and another was a SIN-MNL-SIN flight. To cut the story short, I requested to rebook my LHR-SIN flight two weeks ahead of my scheduled flight due to a family bereavement and I needed to be in the Philippines. Despite my personal situation, I received an amazing support from the Customer Service team, who happily reorganised my flight, connected my 2 flight bookings so I can get to Manila on time, and without rebooking fees. At the London airport, I was sent-off warmly by the ground staff who has empathised with me as I check-in and ensure I was boarded comfortably in the plane. These gestures of goodwill and support made me grateful for Singapore Airlines. Even though I am no longer based in Singapore, I will always find a way to fly with them. Thank you. These words are never enough for the outstanding, grateful and sincere help you have provided me.
  I flew on SQ217 from Singapore to Melbourne on the 4th of January. My flight was terrible. To begin with my seat was broken and couldn’t be moved and the entertainment device was broken as well. My flight of nearly 8 hours was spent looking blankly into space, seated in the same position. I had severe back pain upon arrival as a result for the next couple of days. When I informed the crew, first the steward said I will be compensated with a voucher and asked me to choose what I like from the duty free catalog. When I did choose a product that would be useful for me, I was told by the air hostess that my voucher is only for $75 Singapore dollars and the rest will have to be paid by me! I informed them I don’t need their $75 voucher and that I will make a formal complaint about the plane’s defects. After my return I did make the complaint and they got back to me saying that another travel voucher of AU$200 will be issued to be used in my next flight with Singapore airlines. But the worst part was they lied and said I was offered another seat but I had declined saying I wanted to be seated next to my husband. This was an outrageous lie. At no point did they offer me another seat. This is very concerning. I would urge everyone flying in SQ next time, to either video any exchange with the crew in situations like this or get it in writing. After discussing with my husband, I informed them that I would not be flying with them in the near future so they can give me a cash voucher. But they replied saying they can only give me a voucher to be used for my future bookings through Singapore airlines. I refused to accept it because I will not fly with them in the future. Even a budget airline would have been more comfortable than this flight. But the greatest worry is their dishonesty.
  Barely any room to move, woke up to getting my knee crushed from the passenger in front of me reclining there seat back and was told it’s within their right to do so. Would not recommend flying economy with them if you are 6ft or taller.
 Flew on A52 from Singapore to Manchester on the 10 January. The cabin crew on this flight were excellent in providing outstanding service. Food and drinks were plentiful and of very high quality. My only issue was the seating which I found to be uncomfortable, but other than that the flight was superb. Very highly recommended.
  Checkin and immigration entry at Changi Airport a breeze, all completed and straight to Business Lounge within 5-10 minutes, Lovely and comfortable lounge at T3 with a vast array of food and beverages. Flight left slightly late due to operational issues but pre flight champagne was served and we were then on our way. I elected to have a meal upon departure ( as this was a 1am flight, but you can elect to have served 2 hours prior to arrival) and was served a very tasty steak and vegetables with some lovely french red wine. Staff then prepared lie down bed for a sleep which was bliss after a long day. Staff very courteous and professional as always , a reasonwhy I will continue to use SQ for all travel given the brilliant experience with this great airline, everytime.
   There's a reason why Singapore keep winning awards - AKL to BKK and then return BKK to AKL via SIN. Pretty much faultless service from one doorstep to the other. Great aircraft, crew, service, food, facilities, lounges, all on time. Sad to say the only faults lay with Auckland airport and its baggage handlers etc. Well done Singapore airlines, I've flown BC long haul with Qatar Airways and Malaysia Airlines this year as well, and SIA is the best alongside Qatar Airways.
  We booked our ticket well in advance for our return trip from India from CCU to Perth via Singapore and after few days SIA changed the flight timing later, from originally scheduled 7.40am to 7.20am. We boarded the flight from CCU and flight landed 1 minute before time. Upon landing we have received the notification that our flight has been rescheduled and it will depart at 9.30am. As mentioned before we booked well in advance and paid extra money for forward seats. However with utter surprise we have noticed that they have allocated us three different seats that too rear of the aircraft. While contacting the Transfer desk the customer service lady told us it is not possible to provide us any other seats so that three of us can seat together. She was very rude and not suitable for this kind of job. Being a Krisflyer Gold member this is very disappointing and not at all expected from SIA. 
  We made a Phuket-Singapore round trip which was exemplary, from punctuality to welcome, including the food and drinks offered (Business Class). On the other hand, wishing to make a new reservation, it was impossible to pay online, as I had done previously, and despite around ten calls directly to Singapore (but visibly diverted to other call centers). The employees have nothing to do with it, they follow a protocol, but after 6 hours of attempts, I still haven't been able to pay my ticket. Deficient reservation system, friendly employees but very limited in their knowledge of their reservation system, impossible to reach a manager and promise of a solution in 72 hours. A real shame for an expensive company that claims to be among the best in the world. Nous avons fait un aller-retour Phuket-Singapore qui était exemplaire, de la ponctualité à l'accueil, en passant par les mets et boissons offerts ( Classe affaire ). Par contre, souhaitant effectuer une nouvelle réservation, impossible de payer en ligne, comme je l'avais fait précédemment, et malgré une dizaine d'appels directement à Singapour ( mais visiblement déviés sur d'autres centrales d'appel ). Les employés n'y sont pour rien, ils suivent un protocole, mais après 6 heures de tentatives, je n'ai toujours pas mon pu payer mon billet. Système de réservation déficient, employés sympathique mais très limités dans leurs connaissance de leur système de réservation, impossible d'atteindre un responsable et promesse d'une solution dans..... 72 heures. Une véritable honte pour une compagnie chère qui se prétend parmi les meilleures du monde.
  Book early coming 2024 ticket suppose SQ101 launching Jun’24 and now received email say SQ101 is not operating due to operational reason. They suggest swapping my itinerary to one day earlier to SQ127 result long layover time in SIN and aircraft change from Boeing 737-8 to Boeing 737-800NG for real was ex-MI aircraft.
 The flight was delayed for almost 4 hours. The flight was supposed to be 605pm but only departed at about 950pm. It was only informed to us after we checked in and completed our immigration customs check. We have to wait for so many hours in the restricted areas. We booked this airline only instead of budget airlines only because we thought their flights is known to be punctual. But we were wrong. Moreover, the meal provided is a slice of pizza and exactly the same as the meal that was provided when we took the flight from Singapore to Penang. We are expecting at least some changes in the meal. This is really disappointing, that such arrangement is coming from a world class top airlines. There were also no instructions in the flight or emails to instruct you how to get the wifi service up. There was also no inflight entertainment system or even an earpiece for audio music.
  Book the cook worked well, my seatmate got economy food. There was a bottle of water in every seat, good wifi connectivity. Wines are offered. Frankfurt to Singapore as I moved my seat to bulkhead 25 hours before flying, somehow this messes up the book the cook. So I had eco food. They were apologetic and I received voucher to redeem. I slept better than in economy, and I didn't have swollen leg! I used to try to score business class seat in flights > 10 hours due to my leg tends to swell. But prices now are horrendously expensive. Singapore Airlines premium economy already good enough for my leg.
  The customer service is a nightmare. I have spent days on the phone since I booked my flight 2 months ago. I booked a flex fare to be able to reschedule my flight but the homepage is not working - same as the staff on the phone that tells me a different story about why I cannot reschedule every time.  Never again.
  No inflight entertainment at all. Yes, we are talking about Singapore Airlines. Please send your staff to rate the flight from Singapore to Penang, during my flight from Penang to Singapore, the entire aircraft is super hot. I am wondering is sq providing a free sauna to their passengers during seating until the flight takes off, only then do they provide air conditioning. Don't just rate their long distance flight. Please go ahead and try out their short distance. They do have WIFI on, but unusable.
  The experience was very good on both Outbound to Inbound flights. As we travelled Premium Economy we received priority boarding which was good especially as we were travelling with my 80 year old dad. Premium Economy is very good especially the Leg room, which is the main reason I wanted it and being over double some economy fares it satisfied our needs. Extra recline also made a difference and was bearable even when the person in front was reclining. The Premium Economy cabin only has 4 rows 2-4-2 and is separated from the main economy cabin which made it feel more spacious. We chose the back row so nobody behind us made it feel a little more private and a big gap between us and exit room economy in the next cabin. Flight was smooth and comfortable Staff were great. Helpful and very accommodating when needed. Food was good although had the option to Book the Cook prior to flight. I know some airlines are starting to increase leg room to 40 inches SIN (38) which would be great when you consider the extra money that is paid. On our return from Croatia at Frankfurt there were flight delays which meant we would miss our connection from SIN MEL But both Lufthansa an Singapore Airlines made this a much less stressful experience, in fact a great little adventure. At FRA we received meal vouchers and were updated regularly by helpful staff and when we arrived in SIN everything was organised as soon as we got of the plane. Meal vouchers, hotel vouchers, Taxi to hotel and back, assistance with getting our entry visa on arrival. Choose a good airline and the combo of Lufthansa and especially flying major legs with Singapore Airlines made it an easy, comfortable experience. I would highly recommend.
  We flew on SQ285 on 22/11/23 - great flight and service from the pilot to the hostesses. In the terminal we were blessed with the assistance on Punitha Maniam checking us in who spotted an issue with one of our NZ visas. Punitha took the trouble to re-apply on an express approval application on our behalf including follow up phone calls to ensure we had approval. Punitha thank you so much for being you and helping us as I am sure you would for all your customers. Above and beyond the only way to describe you! 
  It appears that Singapore Airlines slogan "Placing you at the heart of everything we do", only applies when you are actually travelling, any customer service does not extend to dealing with complaints about delays quickly and efficiently. We were delayed 24 hours in September 2023, and are still waiting for the airline to comply with UK civil aviation authority compensation rules.
  Flight delayed out of Singapore. Luggage didn’t make it on the flight. Said it would be delivered the next day! It has not! I’m completely canceling plans tomorrow to go 3 hrs round trip to get luggage myself, as I fly back to the states the next day. For being called the best airline in the world, I have experienced the most irresponsible service. They said they would do one thing and they have not followed through.
 I used Singapore Airlines on 10 flights during September and October between the UK and different Asian destinations, I have used Singapore many times maintaining Kris flyer Gold Status for some years. During my recent flights I used economy, premium economy and business class, the flights were okay nothing spectacular but probably the biggest take away was the poor service on just about every flight apart from 1. Ranging from missed food to dreadful food, just not the Singapore Airlines I know! I used SQ for the consistency of service which is not after COVID not the same, I know many airlines have suffered from experience leaving the work place, but Singapore crew service and consistency are it's trade mark. I travel to South East Asia a lot from both Europe & South Africa so Singapore figured in my travel plans a lot, I will probably use them again in the future but in the meantime I have gone to an alternative for my next round of flights. I would recommend Singapore on some routes simply because the competition is poor.
 We had the most horrific check-in experience with Singapore Airlines on Nov. 7th flight SQ 25 from JFK to Frankfurt. The check-in area barely had any travelers when we arrived and we were greeted by an agent immediately. The horror began. Our ticket was a one-way ticket since we were going to Split, Croatia (our final destination) for a longer time period for us and, especially, our toddler boy (29 months old traveling with me and my wife of course) to enjoy time with family and friends. Therefore, we purchased an airline ticket for each of us and chose Singapore Airlines as a well-respected travel provider. Each of us had 2 check-in luggage, one carry-on, one backpack, and a car seat for our son. Leaving for an extended period of time with toddlers requires carrying a lot of luggage and we carefully packed it all, measured it, and tried to pay for extra weight online before flying. There was no option for it. As I was taking care of our son, my wife was checking us in at the counter (the first class counter right next to the business class counter in Row 8). I noticed that she became visibly distressed and that the agent was on the phone holding off the check-in procedure. I asked if everything was ok and she responded that the check-in agent was not letting us check in. What he and his supervisor who he was on the phone with, and who seemed to be a business class agent right next to us, said equals absolute harassment and a complete overstepping of their boundaries. They proceeded to tell us that we needed to purchase a separate return ticket each because we won’t be let in to stay in Croatia. This is unheard of, absolutely wrong, and untrue, a situation created by the agent and his supervisor that doesn’t exist. I am Croatian and an American citizen, and my wife and my son are American citizens who can enter Croatia with American passports as they wish. Then, the agent (still on the phone with the next counter supervisor) asked my wife if she had at least $8000 and after taking my Croatian passport said it would be fine for me but not for my wife who never changed her name - so was asked to produce proof of our marriage. Thankfully she carries our marriage certificate in case of this but for other countries as we travel - not for the US! And this “interrogation“ happened in an atmosphere of hostility where the agent and his supervisor, who at some point was having a laughing chat with one of his colleagues, behaved with utmost disrespect towards us as their/your client/customer. Zero courteous smile. Zero understanding. Zero any sort of empathy that we have a toddler with us. We knew that we would pay for extra weight in one piece of luggage (the 9 kg option we couldn’t do online). They proceeded to make us check our two carry-ons that were barely over 7kg (and this has never happened to me or my wife in our 25 years of global flying) at a cost of $700. The Crew and flight were great. The food was horrible and the seats were not too comfy. Also, the customer service was almost ignorant of our complaint and defended their agents' actions without any understanding. Never again Singapore Airlines.
  Just a short 2 hour flight. Food was excellent - had the Pre-Order Butter Chicken. Staff were efficient. Comfy seat but no time to relax back and enjoy. No issues and would fly again. 
  An excellent experience. Food was simply terrific (Pan Seared Salmon) and plenty of Drink on offer. Service was Friendly and Efficient. I got a good 7 hours of sleep laid out flat. Also used their complimentary WiFi without any issues.
   We were booked on Business from Johannesburg to Singapore in October and was asked to provide the credit card used to purchase the ticket for my husband’s ticket some 11 months ago. Apparently this was flagged by SQ system at checkin and we need to provide said credit card for checkin staff to scan into SQ system in order to allow us to get his boarding pass. Otherwise we need to sign an indemnity form or risk denied boarding. Fortunately, I did have the credit card used 11 months ago when I booked his flight or both of us would end up in Johannesburg stranded! Reason offered: 1. Fraud detection systems picked this up based off determined parameters. When I challenged this because 11 months SQ would have been paid in full and their ERP system should have the information. 2. Next explanation: within a 12- hour period we charged many transactions on card. When I provided the data which showed we never charged anything within 12 hour either before or after . 3. Their system algorithm is correct in picking this up as “fraud” and good for customer! Empty assurance of prevention when SQ has not provided any explanation how this event was picked up! I am still waiting for someone more senior to pick this up… Interested to ensure that this will not happen to any other passengers who booked tickets at least 3 months in advance of travel date let alone one year ago!
  Very poor service, was told not to take my cabin luggage onto business class, but all the bags in the plane including economy were bigger. Cabin crew brought the wrong dinner and basically told me to eat it, only replaced when I did not. Seat not able to got flat, very poor seating configuration for someone over 6’.
  The best airline I've flown. The windows shades are automatic dark, automatic colors. The aircraft is big with many lavatories. Wifi is working for Krisflyer members and its free. The IFE is also working with great choices of movies and tv shows and a usb port provided. The breakfast was also great.
  We were booked in on seat numbers 62j to 62k as a family of four. At the time of the meals, when requested for a chicken meal we were only offered an option of fish or vegetarian. As there was no chicken available, my kids were given a fish meal that they could not eat. I refused a meal, as I was unable to get a chicken meal. What I was given to understand by the head stewardess that there were not enough meals on the flight. What baffles me is how can the earlier economy seats in the plain get what they want, and we as a family in the latter half were not even given one chicken meal. No where on check-in were we given an option to choose our meals too. Even the head stewardess was of the opinion there was an issue with the allocation of meals. 
  They never placed my 2 bags on my flights from Rome to Singapore and onto Penang. I have airtags and the app shows exactly where they are and Singapore Airlines refuses to use this information and continues to tell me that they cannot find my luggage. I am stranded in Penang with only the clothes on my back. They have completely destroyed this travel experience. I attach a pic of where my bags currently are at Rome airport!
  Seats that we paid for and confirmed very much earlier had been unfairly re-assigned later on to another person who was their preferred customer without first obtaining our consent or approval; SIA customer service initially informed us the seat was re=assigned due to flight schedule change but it turned out to be false. When they realized, they were wrong, they subsequently changed their position to cancellation and re-booking of our flight by their customer service agents. We did not cancel the flight but it was an error committed by their customer agent. . When the customer service agent re-booked our flight they ensured us that our original seats selection would be the same. We periodically checked with the customer service agents to ensure that our original seats selection were intact. They confirmed and re-confirmed that our original paid seats were unchanged. We also went on to their on-line booking website to confirm that our original seat selections remained intact. On checking in (2 days before flight), we discovered that one of our paid seats was re-assigned to another customer without our prior knowledge and approval. We discovered our seat was re-assigned to a standard seat to the back of the plane. Immediately. we called the customer service agents immediately on the phone to reinstate our paid seats back but they refused to do it. The customer service agents on the phone did not converse well in English and they gave us all the wrong information about the seat change. It was extremely difficult to get through to them on the phone and we had to wait for a long time before we could speak to someone.  The duty manager at airport informed us our paid seat had been changed last minute due to a preferred customer had kicked us out due to his importance. It was unprofessional and unethical for them to do that. We had to fight and argue fervently all the way through at each encounter. Even at the gate, we had to fight and argue to get our seat back after seeking approval from the preferred customer. Escalated the complaints to the senior management (CEO) several times who did not even respond to our complaints.. Actual costs incurred to resolve the airline mistakes amounted to SGD429.65 and they only agreed to issue a voucher of SGD75 which is inadequate to compensate for the actual costs incurred. Moreover, it does not include the additional inherent cost of lost vacation time and stress/frustrations to deal with their mistakes that they had created for us unnecessarily. Customer service investigation focused mainly on the outcome but do not provide fair customer resolution to their mistakes they had committed. The last response received from the customer service agent was that they are happy with the investigation and no further communication and action would be taken i.e. refused to address their mistakes committed and refused to compensate the costs that we had incurred.
  I am submitting this review about a terrible experience with Singapore Airlines wherein my family were subject to a 5-hour delay which then caused them to miss their connecting flight and extend the delay to 30+ hours. The delay according to Singapore Airlines was caused by traffic control between Guangzhou and Singapore and the plane had to be diverted to Kuala Lumpur to refuel for more than 2 hours on the tarmac. We missed the connecting flight SQ38 on August 9th to LAX as a result. We were placed in a hotel by SQ adjacent to the airport for a sudden 24hour plus layover near midnight with a "food coupon" that we had to fight for as we were starving due to the long delay and no food service on the plane. After arriving at the hotel we found out that those food vouchers were not even valid according to the hotel, Capri by Fraser, and no food service was available. Capri by Fraser's on duty manager in Singapore apparently said they don't take "food coupons" from Singapore Airlines for emergency layover guests and that this was a miscommunication with SQ. At near midnight where nearly all restaurants were closed and Capri is far from the city center, how were we expected to get a meal after being misled by Singapore Airline staff at the airport about the availability of food and their miscommunication? What if we were first time guests in Singapore with no knowledge of the local language and not able to navigate the situation? This is a complete failure from a management perspective as logically delayed passengers who miss a connecting flights after a certain time should at least be informed properly if not put in a hotel with 24 room service/dining options in or nearby and given the courtesy of not having to worry about starving on top of rearranging travel plans etc. For an airline with a world class reputation where one pays a premium for the service this just is not acceptable. I submitted a complaint to Singapore Airlines but their complains team threw a response back at me: “as much as we acknowledge the inconvenience you went through as a result of the delay, as an industry practice, and in line with our Conditions of Contract and Carriage, we would like to share that airlines generally do not compensate for consequential losses or inconvenience arising from flight delays.” However, I know international passenger rights stemming from Article 19 of the Montreal Convention. When I brought this up to an SQ customer service supervisor after spending hours on call trying to reach someone who I could speak to about this, I was shocked and concerned to find out that not even supervisor level reps knew about one of the most important international passenger rights conventions. SQ repeatedly mislead and misrepresent int'l passenger rights trying to brush me off. Currently they have ceased responding to my emails and appears to think that ignoring the issue will fix it. I don't know what more I can do at this point but I hope this review will serve to shed light on the holes in SQ's 5 star service and World's Best Airline reputation. I hope no one has to experience what we experienced during that disastrous layover in Singapore.
  It was a good flight. I would have given a full 10 on 10 review but because of the seats I ain't that satisfied. Business class seats should have been more comfortable when travelling long haul flights.
 Having flown with a few middle east carriers throughout this route, definitely I was putting a high expectations from this SQ flight. Got the best price compare with another middle eastern carriers with extra 300 AED for extra 5kgs checked in luggage. The check in process was smooth and I was lucky enough to get upgraded to premium eco seat from SIN to CGK. The DXB to SIN flight was really bumpy, but the crew was really courteous and helpful throughout the flight. The food was definitely better than the middle eastern carriers and also free wifi was a nice touch comparing to any other airlines. The service was feel more special on SIN to CGK sector though it was a very short flight. Definitely will choose this again (if the price is right, compare to middle eastern carriers). Good job SQ.
  There was nothing special at Frankfurt airport pre-departure. It was good when we got onboard. The seat on SQ 777-300ER is similar to that on the A350-900ULR, meaning it is spacious and comfortable. Catering from Frankfurt was excellent, and I liked all the dishes served, especially the satay (I heard the satay was brought from Singapore, but I was not sure). Cabin crew were very nice and helpful, as expected from SQ.
  The airline's check-in staff charged me an extra $200 for a 10kg backpack, just slightly over the 7kg carry-on limit. This experience was incredibly frustrating and inflexible. 
   Although the aircraft is good with flat beds and the crew is good, the onboard selection of entertainment does not compare to other airlines. The meals are low quality for Business class. Also I find the seats not as comfortable as others.
   I have never come across a company that would ask a customer to pay a penalty fee for switching from a cheaper to a more expensive service. I bought a one way Economy class ticket from the US to Singapore at first, planning to take another airline for the other leg of the trip. Being a loyal customer of Singapore Airlines, I decided to be more generous and pay a lot more to buy a 2-way Business class trip in place for the original one-way Economy class ticket. I cancelled the one-way Economy class ticket after buying the 2-way Business class ticket and found that Singapore Airlines charged me a cancellation fee of US$200. I called Singapore Airlines and wrote to ask for the US$200 cancellation fee to be waived and refunded. The experience was a nightmare and the response was shocking to a long time customer. It took a long time to get through the hotline. My request for refund was rejected with no good reason provided. 
  Singapore to Auckland. The cabin crew was amazing, attentive, friendly and professional. My special thanks to the Captain and the Head of Crew. I recommend this airline for passengers who visit NZ.
  My wife and I were travelling to Poland via Singapore and Frankfurt. We had one oversize package, namely a painting rolled and contained in a tube. We were not sure what to do with it as it was very light but more than a meter long. The staff at the Adelaide airport have done their utmost to help us, they contacted the baggage people, took the tube to them and then dispatched it for us! Amazing. Then on board they welcomed us as if we were long lost friends. Hats off to the crew of Flight. SQ 278 on the 19 Sep.
  The flight was very pleasant and the staff was exemplary. They were kind courteous and very helpful. The service was excellent. The staff catered to our every need and I will definitely fly Singapore Airlines again. Our flight was on 12th September 2023 and the slight number was SQ 421. A huge thank you to the chief air hostess and to the crew.
  We were given a flight with Scoot from Bangkok to Singapore, and then with Singapore to Auckland. The flight with Scoot was perfectly acceptable but what was not was that they decided that we must collect our boarding pass in Singapore which might have been OK but they they never told us where to collect them from, so we we spent ages trying to find the location and only just made it to the gate in time. The previous leg from Milan to Hanoi involved a Scoot flight and we received all our passes in Milan. On the flight when meals were served the crew just appeared at the seat with a tray whilst we were dozing and expected us to put out the table. As we had ordered book the cook, the main meal service took a while and we had finished our meal before drinks were offered. Premium economy food was no better than Economy fare and considering the cost of the flight a little more thought could have gone into the meal.
  We flew an itinerary Melbourne to Dubai return via Singapore in August 2023. We joined their Krisflyer membership. Having done that, we opted in for their "Auto Check In" for each flight. Singapore Airlines automatically check you in and email your printable boarding passes 24 hours before each flight departure. You do not have to check yourself in online. Our flights and seating for MEL-Singapore, Singapore-Dubai, Dubai_Singapore we were auto checked in and I printed the boarding passes at the hotel each time. But, while staying in Singapore for 2 days prior to our flight, 24 hours before our SIN-MEL flight, I kept checking my emails for the auto check in. By 1pm, 12 hours before our midnight SQ237 flight I received no auto check in. I knew something was wrong. I called their Singapore call centre and quoted my SQ RES Number, and said I have not received our boarding passes. For no reason, they hung up. I re-dialed the number, another operator, same thing, they hung up. On the third attempt the first thing I said to the operator "Do not hang up" I gave my REF booking number and we had pre-allocated seats 41D and 41E. The operator said "I cannot find this REF number". I patiently said, " Go to SQ237 seats 41D&41E  you will see our names on those seats." Nothing. I started to get distressed but kept my cool. I said "If we go to the Airport they can sort it out". No. you are not on that flight. So, I said, " what do we do?" He told us we have to re-book the same flight for the next day and pay an extra re-booking fee of $430. At that moment I thought, we just have to get on a flight, book it and work out the problem later. I looked up the seating on my ipad as he was doing the re-booking and requested the vacant seats, 70B&70C. He told me they are not available and put us in a three row on 46DEF. We went to the hotel lobby and booked an extra night at$353. We got to the airport 9 hours before our flight at 3pm, and showed them our paper itinerary at check in and said we did not receive an auto check in email or boarding passes and that 70B&70C are in fact available, and yes they were. Do your own check in online. I am in the process of filing both a complaint and claim to Singapore Airlines.
  Kudos to the staff at Singapore Airlines, good job at managing customers, friendly service, highly professional and eager to be of assistance. Helpful, polite and well presented! I had such a wonderful experience and pleasant flight! Food delicious! Thank you once again for contributing to my amazing holiday experience.
  I use Singapore Airlines a lot so obviously like the airline, and having Gold Frequent filer status does help when flying economy. fast track check in and lounge access to make things a bit smoother. I fly economy on Singapore Airlines but this was the first time in economy on a SQ long haul flight for about 6 years. Boarding was fine, quickly to my seat 45A, departed a little late but once in the air for around 1 hour service was started. Crew where okay food served quickly and again nothing special just okay. The flight lasting 12 hours passed fairly quick, I found the seats a bit uncomfortable after 4 or 5 hours, the crew where around a little bit and the 2nd meal served 3 hours prior to arrival was okay. Connecting to Bangkok pretty easy and the 2 hour uneventful flight on a new 787 was pretty nice. Returning Check in at Bangkok was quick security and immigration done quickly too, used the Krisflier lounge which was pretty nice, the flight to SIN I was seated in seat 42A, food and drinks where offered but the crew after requesting my choice forgot to deliver the food or a drink, It was a bit odd and the crew on this flight where actually a bit rude anyway. Connection in SIN good again, my flight back to London in Premium Economy, so a chance to compare. Yes of course we are paying for the space, but food and crew are the same as economy. Premium Economy wise I think SQ is okay, I will continue to use, because it's normally consistent but there are better and much cheaper Premium Economy options around.
  My wife and I had booked a trip to Europe. We unfortunately had to cancel the day before we were scheduled to leave due to a death in the family. I did not have trip insurance and had obtained the tickets with miles. The miles were not refundable. I called Singapore and after providing medical documentation, they generously credited me my miles back so we can re-book our trip at a later date. To me, this is the sign of a FIRST CLASS organization. They were in their rights not to refund the miles, but they did. I have flown Singapore for years, even if a had to take a second flight to arrive at my destination. I will continue to use Singapore every chance I get. I give them 5 stars for their compassion, consideration and rapid response. Thank you.
 Check-in and boarding in Penang were smooth. The lounge in Penang was quite ordinary but completely adequate. On board, the window seat was very comfortable, though storage was limited. My pre-ordered vegetarian meal hadn't been loaded, so I was given a very bready pizza from Economy class. At Changi the Singapore Business lounge in Terminal 3 was vastly superior to those of most airlines, even when crowded. The process of boarding the A380 was smooth. The seat was comfortable and converted into a good bed, but a little tight around the feet. My vegetarian meal was delicious. The number of toilets in the Business section was limited, and there were Economy-type queues in the morning. The luggage was available quickly. Overall a very good experience.
  At Melbourne airport the check-in was very quick and friendly, and the lounge was pleasant and had a good selection of food and drink. Onboard the cabin crew was welcoming, and the seat on the B777 was very comfortable with adequate storage though the diagonal arrangement for lying flat was awkward. No amenities kit was provided. The quality of the vegetarian meals was way above that of other airlines. The flight arrived in Singapore a little early and transfer to a nearby gate for the second leg to Japan leaving in 70 minutes was easy. The boarding process was efficient, and the crew on the B787 were also welcoming and the seat was comfortable (not diagonal for sleeping), though storage space was more limited. The flight arrived on time and luggage was available quickly. All in all a very pleasant journey.
  I cannot speak highly enough of the superlative service received on this flight. After I lost one earbud deep down into my seat the crew were determined to retrieve it for me - the lovely hostess thrust her wrist into the seat workings and fished out my earbud, sustaining some pain and minor abrasion. Unbelievable devotion to service! Every other aspect of the crew's service was impeccable as well. I can wholeheartedly recommend Singapore Airlines - I have just flown Economy Class from London to Singapore and the service was fabulous on that flight as well. I am writing this review on in-flight wi-fi - seems to be working fine, for the first time in my experience.
 As always great new planes, friendly service, lots of legroom. On time every time, staff extremely helpful, and even in economy food very good. We will always where possible fly Singapore Airlines. Thank you you are a big part of our holidays.
  I have just flown SQ256 from Brisbane to Singapore and the experience was second to none with outstanding cabin crew. Well done SQ, 
 Premium economy in Singapore Airlines is terrible. The seats are hard and uncomfortable, the food is the same as economy and there is no separate toilet in the PE cabin (only the economy toilets). We had to ask for a bottle of water, there was no amenity kit and when we asked for socks, the kit we received contained socks and a toothbrush (no toothpaste). The staff were nice but premium economy is simply a premium price for economy quality. Next time I need to go to Europe, I'll look to transit through the US rather than Singapore.
 SQ227 in Economy. Booked in April. Fare was Starting at $1600.00USD, luckily I was able to use my mileage for this trip. Gate opened right on time, with Cabin Crew going through Security after me. I boarded last, and was welcomed aboard. Crew made comments on my Attaché, saying "You look like 007", and other nice touches. One asked "I like that! Is that A Rimowa?" Nice to see SQ crew attentive, with small touches. Cabin jammed, Had to go around to get to my seat. I sat 62G, and had no Overhead Bin. So I had to use another one. Throughout the flight nobody disturbed my stuff. Luckily my Attaché fit under the seat. Also there is only 1 Lavatory in the rear of the Aircraft. We got served a lovely dinner. I noticed one of the Female crew members, was in a Suit. Flying with SQ since 2008, had me pondered. After the meal I engaged her in some conversation. She said "I am a Flight Auditor. Do you have any Feedback Sir?'. I didn't tell her about the appallingly horrific SQ check in at FRA, but maybe I should have. I settled in to sleep. One of the Cabin Attendants asked me if I wanted an aid to cover my eyes, but I said no, and I flew asleep. Woke up 90 minutes out, and was served refreshment. Multiple coffee rounds commenced, with crew approaching sleeping passengers for Refreshment. Landed MEL, with announcements on Luggage coming out late, however no SQ Ground Staff at the Luggage Carousel. If I go to Australia again, I would definitely fly Singapore Airlines.
  World's Longest Commercial Flight, in Premium Economy Solo Seat. Bought Tickets in April. SQ Counter at EWR rather late to open, however incoming aircraft arrived late. Staff didn't know final destination, and I had to help them. No bother, as they appreciated it, and checked my Rimowa through. Cabin Crew arrived 40 minutes before boarding time. Ground staff again were novice, and boarding was kind of "rough" due to misplaced announcements. I was the last to board. Upon boarding was greeted throughout my walk to my seat. One Attendant even asked where I was going, smiled, and got out of the way. SQ Premium Economy Solo Seat so comfortable, and side bin holds so much. Took off on time, to a lovely sunny day. Had to use the Lavatory, and had to wait, because a Cabin Attendant was cleaning it. She noticed me, and expedited her clean. On IFE the "Old is Gold" section is gone, but a excess of Old movies were available, and I watched Star Wars. A drink run commenced, then Lunch. When they arrived for Lunch, the Attendant Instantly apologized, and said they only had 1 meal type however, however promised multiple options later. So I went ahead, and had it. Was tasty, followed my Ice Cream, and another drink round. I dozed off, and woke up over Denmark. Went to use the Lavatory again, however it was again being cleaned. Snack/drink runs were conducted. Really appreciate the crew on the details. Had the second meal of Iraq/Iran. I had the Seafood option. Was exceptional, hot too symphony of flavors. More drink runs followed. I dozed off again, and woke up with a Made in Italy pocket Pizza next to me. Landed SIN, to a beautiful evening. Once again SQ21, SQ23 Exceptionally shine.
  We flew with Singapore to New York for the first time and were very pleased. Everything was professional and comfortable. The staff helped us with everything. Nothing to complain about.
  My partner is a student, and we’re in the process of moving her home, we called to add her student Kris-Flyer account to her ticket and they confirmed over the phone they did, and that they left a note and that they unfortunately couldn’t send email confirmation - despite our requests. The ground crew were asking for email confirmation and attempted to charge us 600+ euros for the extra weight (€60/kg) despite our allowance supposedly covering this. Then the ground crew advised us to pay now and attempt to claim later (which in a previous experience which costed me €2000 didn’t get me any return) We turned up 4 hours before our flight. It’s been 2 while being on hold again for another hour to get re-confirmation. If you value you your time more than this avoid them if you can, pre-covid, Singapore was best in class. Now they’ve begun to nose-dive.
  I have always had a good cabin experience with Singapore and been a Gold Member for decades. However a recent baggage issue has left me gobsmacked by their tardiness and callous behaviour. Landed in SIN on a stopover and noticed my Delsey case (only 12kg total check in) had a 6 inch case fracture. I reported it and received a case number. On arriving into Cairns the next day, there was no customer service representative visible so I could not pursue the matter. After calling SQ in Singapore after 3 weeks I was finally emailed by a local representative who saw the bag damage photos and offered 100 dollars full settlement for a new bag worth 400 dollars.  The experience has let me reconsider any future SQ travel plans.
  Baggage handling was very poor. My new suitcase was very badly handled. All 4 wheels were broken and pulling handle was jammed. Upon lodging complaint they simply said this is caused by routine handling and airline can do nothing about it. This was very bad and was not expected from an airline among top airlines of the world.
  We had a wonderful crew, especially Singapore to Zurich SQ346 17/7/23 with Marissa, Celeste, Joanne and Scarlet who looked after us wonderfully. They attended to all our needs with no fuss. Thankyou.
  The service was excellent. Very impressed to see Singapore Airlines continuing to be one of my favourite airlines to travel with. The meals were excellent, inflight entertainment was excellent, and the cleanliness in the washrooms were perfect on both of my flights. It is always wonderful travelling with Singapore Airlines and will always continue to use the airline for future travels! Way to go Singapore Airlines!
  Singapore Airlines impressed me with their outstanding customer service. Despite the unfortunate incident of my stolen passport, they rebooked my flight twice at no cost, showing exceptional flexibility and support. Their quick responses, transparent communication, and genuine care for passengers make them a top choice for hassle-free travel. Kudos to Singapore Airlines for turning a potentially disastrous situation into a shining example of world-class service. 
  My flight arrive late which cause a 50 minute delay. Overall not a bad flight. Food was tasty, seat were comfortable and the best inflight entertainment and they are trying to do their best to make up for the delay. On my return flight a 1hour 10 minute delay m. Also not a bad flight. It was the same as my other flight.
  This year we have returned to fly with Singapore Airlines after some years of absence. No regrets! The service, food and everything is way better than other airlines we flew with, including Emirates last year (gluten-free meals on Singapore Airlines are very tasty, unlike Emirates GF meals). Impeccable service that caters for all the needs and even whims of passengers, including my request for a slice of lemon for my tea (the Polish way), which Nadine fullfilled with ease and a smile on the SQ325 flight on 16 July 2023. God bless you, Nadine!
  Thank you to the crew of Chis, Fred, Shin Ru, Mabel, Fhri and Gui Fang. A long time since I have traveled with Singapore Airlines and they are amazing. Great service and food. Extremely comfortable seating.
 Singapore Airlines still has not reimbursed me for my lost bags back in early January. After fighting them for months they finally agreed to give me some money for losing my stuff. They approved it back on May 18th. They said please allow a month for final approval. Here it is July 17th and still nothing. Singapore Airlines has by far the worst customer service I have ever seen. Please do not fly Singapore Airlines.
 SQ Silver Kris Lounge in Changi T3 was as good as normal, with excellent food choices and good seating. The flight itself was uneventful, despite a slight delay on departure. The flight was quite bumpy for sometime over Japan, which was expected and announced by the captain. Though this had nothing to do with the airline, I realized that American carriers tend to change route and altitude when encountering turbulence, while Asian carriers seem just to go through that, and I experienced that quite consistently. I ordered my meals through book-the-cook, and the Boon Tong Kee chicken rice was underwhelming, while the lobster thermidor was nice. Service was excellent as expected. Wi-fi was complementary for J passengers, and it worked quite well.
 I was looking forward very much to the experience on Singapore Airlines, and even more so, the A380. I was in the bulkhead seat in Premium Economy, so the very first row on the lower level. It was a nice smooth flight, The IFE was adequate, But I was a little disappointed with the level of service. I've always heard about how attentive "The Singapore Girl" (ie.flight attendants on SQ) were The service was far from the worst I have ever had on an airline, but not as good as I anticipated. Maybe I was comparing it to the absolute best service I have ever had on an airline I flew on my last overseas flight, a Taipei-based airline. Don't get me wrong, It was not bad at all - just not as good I was expecting.
  We had this unpleasant experience while flying with Singapore Airline SQ 622 on July 9th, 2023 at 13:55 from SIN to KIX airport. One of the staff at the plane door who supposed to help my wife to cover the baby stroller with a plastic bag refused to do the job with ours and ask my wife to do it by herself. We saw him covered other's baby stroller with a plastic bag in front of our eyes but refused to do the same thing with ours. This is unacceptable and very rude. 
  My first time on a Singapore Airlines flight and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the gluten free meals offered, the variety of inflight entertainment, the excellence of service, the continuous cleanliness of the toilets and just the overall ease of boarding, flying and of course the airport!
 We did not receive much assistance on the Noi Bai side, but it was good on the Changi side on arrival. The Song Hong Lounge was decent, with good food and nice view of the apron. Singapore Airlines used an A350-900 for a 3-hour flight, which was amazing. Our book-the-cook meals were decent, though not as good as I would like. In-flight service was excellent.
  The Silver Kris Lounge at SIN T3 was big and nice. However, finding good seating during peak time was still challenging. The lounge offered good selection of food including Western, Chinese and local options. The flight was on SQ regional A350-900, which has similar flatbed seats as other premium airlines' long-haul equipment. That was really nice for a sub 2-hour flight. In-flight food service was very nice for such a short flight.
  I was supposed to fly on SQ25 to Singapore via Frankfurt. The flight was canceled after we are at the gate for 4 hours past the departure time without any explanation. Being flown with SQ for many times, I suspect this had to do with JFK rather than the airline. However, they should still bear the responsibility for addressing to their customers. We were rebooked to the non-stop SQ23 to Singapore the following day. We ended up on the A350-900XLR, which was quite nice, but I still prefer their A380. Due to the flight change, we did not get our book the cook meals. In-flight service was quite nice as expected from SQ.
  When booking my flight I advised the travel agent I am a coeliac so need a gluten free diet, but I also have allergies to dairy and egg, so needed a GF Vegan meal, thinking this would be the easier option. When I boarded the flight was advised I could have either the GF meal or the Vegan. As the GF had dairy in it was not suitable, and the Vegan has gluten in. They advised me to contact the staff at the airline when I arrived to organise the return flights.  I had fruit which the lovely cabin crew sourced from business class and a bag of potato chips.  I contacted our travel agent to be informed I was listed for the GF vegan meals. So contacted Singapore airlines, the person I spoke to said it was not acceptable that I needed a combination of the two they only dealt with one allergy per person! I would need a Drs certificate if I had to have it. He then told me to take my own food. Which I ended up doing, but the amount of room available on the plane is minimal and awkward to get to bags when you’re elderly. Again the crew managed to source some fruit for me. 
 I find it appalling that SA’s flight attendants allow children seated in Economy to come visit their parents in Business. I didn’t pay in excess of $5000 per ticket to be sharing the aisle with other people and be irritated by the noise produced. I was seated in 17D, the person in question was in A17, his child came at night and they played loud games, I was hearing the child’s talking and laughing through my sleep. I believe that it’s not professional behavior on the part of SA’s FAs and they shouldn’t be allowed to place parents and minors in different classes, let alone let the visitors in, no matter what age. I will not be flying Singapore Airlines any longer unless this problem gets fixed.
  Worst business class seats. Why does SQ still have business class seats where the place to put your feet is not in line with the rest of your body? And the transition from bed to sitting is NOT a button push. Rather: Get out of seat. Flip seat with handles. Get back into seat/bed.
  I flew to Singapore from London Heathrow in economy class on the SQ319 Airbus A380. Flight left and arrived on time. The positives: Flight crew were pleasant, friendly and polite. They still have high standards and give you a lovely welcome when you arrive onboard. Seats were fairly comfortable and enough space to stow your belongings and move around the cabin. Was given a sleeping pillow and a blanket. Negatives: Singapore Airlines have cut the quality and diversity of food and drinks that they have on offer. It was not the standard of food previously experienced on SQ flights. Presentation not good - now just mediocre. No juice, water or alcoholic beverages offered when you first get on the plane. No menu. Toilets weren’t clean and very small. You no longer get an amenity kit with toothbrush, eye shades, ear plugs, or socks or a newspaper. Bring back the hot towel service.
  We travelled on Singapore Airlines many years ago in economy class. We travelled this time in business class because of the long flight. The service provided on the latest trip was very good, however we did pre order some food that disappointingly did not arrive but the flight menu options were good. The biggest problem we had was the seating arrangements in business class, the seats were hard and uncomfortable. A weird cover was provided to increase comfort. The problem was no calf support and any way shape or form, this has a big impact on leg comfort. There was a flap thing that came out but onlyto the back of the knee which was so useless. The second problem was there was no tunnel to slide into for a flat sleeping position. Instead of the tunnel there was a shelf that had to be pulled out but this was to the side of the seat. Instead of laying flat which we were supposed to achieve the side shelf meant sleeping at an angle which was so uncomfortable. I do not understand why Singapore Airlines would ever believe that their seating arrangements would provide comfort. Cost is huge for these additional benefits for both comfort and health as older people travelling. The outcome is of course we won’t be travelling business class with Singapore Airlines again which is really sad.
  I would like to give special praise for Air Stewardess Nurul who served me at the Premium Economy cabin. She has been very proactive in asking and suggesting drinks and snacks to eat throughout the trip. Very friendly , good listener and very conversant. 
  Not such a great way to fly. I booked an air ticket and the flight departure timing was brought forward by 7 hours. We had the option to accept, reschedule or cancel to get a refund. I chose the third option but was put thru multiple individuals who do not seem to know what they are doing (each contradicting the other) but eventually, I received an email to say the refund was being processed and it would take 6 weeks. Well, it was the 6th week yesterday and I wrote in to enquire, only to be told they will be processing it now. Today I received another email (a proper refund notice this time) to say it will be another 6 weeks for the refund to come thru. 
  The First Suite has a lot of space and a lot of gadgets, and some fellow travelers might be impressed. I was rather disappointed by the outline and design of the suite. The bed is not in the direction of the travel, but across the suite. It is narrow and very hard. If the bed is in the non-sleeping position, then it just hangs at the wall to the next suite like a white chunk of wood. In order to dine from the table one has to turn the chair towards the aisle, or towards the fellow traveller in the opposite suite (which is not very private, when, as in my case, the door does not close properly). On both legs to and from Sydney there were technical issues in the suite: either the door could not be closed properly, or the entertainment system did not work at all, or not properly, the seat belt did not fit into the mattress, etc. To add as well, that Singapore Airlines seems to have cut the quality and diversity of the food and wine on offer. Only the Caviar was nicely presented and met the quality standard of First Class food. (On my way to Singapore I have enjoyed Swiss and their First Class product. For a frequent traveller their product was First Class all over, (only with the exception of the bathroom). 
  I flew with SQ to and from Auckland on the A 350 - 6 May and 22 May. Both flights were a very nice experience. All flight crew very pleasant and helpful and an especial thanks to Edward - senior flight crew on the outward bound flight from Auckland to Singapore. He epitomised the high standards the SQ expect from their staff. Seats fairly comfortable but slightly awkward layout in the lie flat mode with foot well at an angle. I ordered book the cook and the meals were delicious apart from the Thai Red curry served on the Auckland Singapore leg which was reminiscent of boarding school stew with no flavour. Toilet cleanliness maintained to a high standard. However on both legs the sleeping pillow smelled sour. I am sure the pillow cases were clean but the actual pillows require regular washing as well. Please bring back the hot towel service .
  From start to finish, the service, food, and cabin crew provided the very best. There are only 4 first class seats on the 777 and as expected more than enough space to stow belongings and move around the cabin. The cabin crew were attentive without being intrusive. Only two negatives. The toilets are tiny and one almost needs to be a contortionist to get changed into pyjamas and the seats although very wide do not have much padding or recline so are uncomfortable for sitting in for long periods of time. In the lie flat mode a good mattress was provided which made the bed comfortable. Food was exceptional and beautifully presented. Only hope that the hot towel service makes a comeback.
  Suites on the A380 are in terms of comfort and layout 100% better than on the SQ 777 although the high standard of service remains the same for both aircraft. Lovely welcome from the staff and the cabin crew are exceptionally well presented in grooming and demeanour.  I also am appreciative that I was addressed by my title and surname as I am of that older generation that appreciates such niceties. The suite very comfortable and lovely to have a seperate bed. The two bathrooms are spacious with many amenities and the food glorious. A very special thank you to senior flight crew Tasha (from Indonesia) who was so friendly and epitomised all that is excellent with SQ and also to Kelvin whom I think was the flight manager.
 The A380 layout is nice in appearance, but I have never experienced a business class seat that requires you to lay at an angle in order to use the footrest space. The seats were the hardest I have ever encountered in business class & very uncomfortable. My seat on my outbound or return flights operated properly and I had to call for flight attendant assistance numerous times when the seat buttons simply failed to work. No amenity kits were provided, which was a 1st for any business class flight I have experienced. You had to request eye shades, ear plugs or slippers, with razors, combs, toothbrushes etc. available in the restrooms. It was a significant time after boarding before any drinks were served but it was only juice or water & no champagne was offered. Food in both directions were mediocre at best. Wine offerings were insulting, flight attendants pour no more than 2" into the small glasses, since that was the serving in the 3 requests we made. The Cabin Staff were polite, courteous & professional, but not nearly as service oriented as Qatar or many other 5-Star airlines. We found it quite telling that SG used the Air India Lounge for their business class passengers at JFK, even though Air India is regularly rated as 1 of the lowest quality airlines Worldwide. At least at FRA they used Air Canada's Lounge which was a major improvement, but there was zero preference for business class passengers at FRA boarding. Overall, we found them to be totally disappointing and it failed to deliver the same quality business class service I have had on many other carriers.
  Very slow and poor customer service from Singapore airlines. I flew from Johannesburg to Bangkok on 20/05/2023. Upon arrival, I noticed my luggage was damaged (the bottom of my bag was broken and the wheel broke off). I contacted Singapore airlines for assistance. they replied with several different emails requesting documentation and pictures which I sent. I am flying back to Johannesburg tomorrow (29/05/2023) without a bag I can use. I've indicated the urgency to Singapore airlines but theres no regard for this. 
  Left 2.5 hours late and we almost missed our Singapore Airlines connecting Flight as the Skyrail between terminals was not working and we had 25 mins to get from terminal 1 to Terminal 3. When we arrived at the gate we were told to go to, By Singapore Airlines Sign as we Departed our flight. The gate was shut. We found out by a passerby that the gate changed 2.5 hours previously and was now another 10 mins further on, we made it but our luggage did not. We got on plane to find we were seated separately.  We booked in with staff together & we arrived together. We got to Manchester and were told luggage would be about 4 days. on the 5th day we went to the Airport 2 hours later we emerged hopeful & our baggage arrived on the 6th Day only to find the suitcase with missing roller & damaged. We had to use our own money to buy underware, toiletries, clothes for 2 people & a suitcase. This will be refunded but in the meantime we had to use our own money. I get to the airport to fly out this morning & there is no register of my Vegetarian meal on departing flight and I did enter it at the same time I did the previous flight.  We lost 1/3 of our holiday 100% due to delays. We were allowed to go to the Business Class lounge on the way out as compensation, I should be grateful for Vegetarian Sausages before I leave & a glass of Wine.  Compensation should have been upgrade to business class. We paid extra Premium Economy as we thought it would be more comfortable and relaxing but couldn't have been worse. 
  Very poor service from flight attendants. There was no menu and couldn’t understand what the attendants were offering for a meal because of the mask. Food was served few hours into flight. Wine selection was bad. Never saw the flight attendant after the first meal on an 18 hour flight Was woken up 8 hours into flight to ask if I needed lunch Never saw the flight attendant after that. No toiletries provided.
 Always loved Singapore Airlines and flew them in all classes many many times. On this occasion flew them on a night flight from Frankfurt to Singapore. Aircraft got switched from an A350 onto A380 on the day and generally that is a great thing, as always love an A380. However my bulk head seat was not the same/good option as it was on the A350. A380 Business Class bed is rather hard, so not the most comfortable to sleep in. In that regard prefer the A350/777 and the older A380s much more! I ordered a Gluten free meal and unfortunately the dinner main was pretty much inedible. Which is a shame. Breakfast was fine however. Service and crew were excellent as usual.
  HND-SIN was pretty poor. Cabin staff didn't seem very happy. Virtually had a bread roll thrown at me. Meal (only one on a 7-hour flight!) was not hot enough - cold in places - and tasteless. Bag drop at HND was a disgrace - the 'online check in' queue moved faster than the other one - with only two desks open it took 40 minutes. There seems to be no benefit or reason to checking in online. The Singapore Airlines app is not very good either. SIN-LHR-SIN were better. Good cabin staff and service, and the food was hotter and better. Bag drop at LHR was smooth. Boarding well organized and smooth. The pilot explained a 'touch and go' landing at LHR well and there was no panic, but it did mean we were 20 minutes late - and we were already a little behind schedule. Singapore airport is a pain as every gate as its own security check, which took quite a long time on the outward trip. I prefer airports where no further checks are needed for transit passengers. SIN-HND was better and the meals were quite good, as was the service. Plane was old, though. Booked the tickets eight months in advance, and they were never cheaper, yet they were only reasonable. Wi-Fi is only available if you register your Kris Flyer number before you board, which I couldn't because I'd already registered by ANA Mileage number. Why have this restriction?
  
We used this airline recently for our trip to India and will not recommend this airline . Both ground service and cabin crew service not very friendly neither very welcoming. For a 16 hour straight flight you get two full meals and the snacks are just some nuts. No sandwiches are offered unless you ask for it. Meal services are also different, kids are not served first always.(sometimes yes they do). Meals also has no varieties like others  like no fruits or yogurt. We were very excited when we got the tickets as it was our first time using this airline but will not use in the future.
  What has happened to SQ. I believe since COVID they have embarked on a wide ranging cost cutting exercise focusing on charging as much as they can for flights while skimping on what they offer customers. It starts with the lounge which resembles a crowded bus station where you need to search for a seat. Bring back the old lounges! On the flights there are no hot towels. No newspapers. No nuts before dinner. No amenity kits. No mattresses.  Food is mediocre. The only thing that hasn’t changed is the first class cabin crew. I have been a flyer with SQ for over 25 years and have never known it so bad.
 It's been a long while since I've flown Singapore Airlines, and they've consistently received accolades for their service, even in Economy Class. However, I was extremely disappointed with their service, especially the catering on board a 7hr flight from Brisbane to Singapore. The aircraft was a new A350, and I had a nice bulkhead seat which allowed me to stretch out. The inflight entertainment was quite good, and the redeeming factor for this flight. Unfortunately, the service and staff was mediocre, and not warm or approachable as I remembered. The food was just awful, especially for a medium haul flight, which consisted of meat and veggies just piled on top of gooey rice. Not even a salad or appetiser (which they used to serve), and a cold bun (there was an ice cream dessert). The washroom was filthy, wet and sticky floor, toilet paper in the sink, even just after the first hour or so, and clearly the crew did not pay much attention to cabin cleanliness (unlike other airlines, where I've seen crew inspect the facilities and do a bit of cleaning). Check in and baggage delivery was fine at the airport (but this may be as I have priority status). But overall, very disappointed with how the quality of service of a reputable airline has declined so much.
 SQ38 SIN-LAX on May 9th on a 359. This is the longest leg of return trip from SE Asia with Hubby. The flight is full, mostly with couples and single travelers. In Singapore there is another security check at the waiting room gate, and most travelers didn't realize they have to go through it to go to the waiting room. Many of the these are the infrequent or first time travelers who don't know that they have to scan their electronics and take off their belts jackets and caps off again, making a long line that moved very slow. Boarding was done by zone and was quite orderly, however there was still a line of latecomers going through the waiting room gate check when the boarding begins. This makes the flight have to leave 25 minutes later than scheduled. The FAs were all wearing masks as per their company's precaution and safety awareness policy. However they were all still very friendly, personable, helpful, courteous and polite, and dedicated in giving their best service. The service started as soon as we reached cruising altitude, started with a drink service then dinner, and a second drink service after that. Many of the travelers are Indians so the FAs quickly ran out of the vegetarian meal option that my Hubby was interested in and he had to settle for chicken with pasta, which is very good. After dinner the lights were turned off so people can sleep, but we were told that snacks is available in between the dinner and lunch that will be served 2 hours prior to landing. The cockpit crew communicated well, explaining about the flight plan before we leave and updating us of LAX condition before our descent. They were very good in identifying possible turbulence ahead so we always get notifications to fasten our seat belts before it hits. Restrooms were always kept clean and the FA frequently refresh them with deodorizer. The entertainment system is amazing and full of latest movies as usual, and it's hard to pick and choose what you want to watch next. As with our previous SQ flight, this aircraft has large 11" touchscreen with a USB "A" that works, and the headphone plug requires two prongs, however it still works well with my wireless headphone adapter which only has one plug. The seat slides forward as you recline so it is a better position to get some rest in a semi reclining position. The lights were turned on just before drink service and lunch was served, and the FAs worked hard to serve us and get everything done before we start our descent into LAX. We arrived at LAX 1 hour ahead of schedule thanks to the strong tailwind. During a bathroom break I casually mentioned to one of the FAs that the day before was my birthday and this trip is to celebrate both our birthdays and our 10 years anniversary. After lunch suddenly we were given two cakes with two glasses of champagne with a "happy anniversary" written on the plate, and a card from the crew! Wow, I didn't see that coming! Shout out to all SQ38 crews on May 9th 2023! Thank you for your kindness and gifts!
 SQ937 DPS-SIN on 05/09/23 as first leg of return trip from SE Asia with Hubby. The flight used a 78X and it was full of vacationers mostly families, and many of them may have not traveled by air before so it takes time to line everybody up for boarding. Boarding was done by zones and it was a good thing that boarding time was an hour before departure time, because ground staff had to weed out people lining up not in their boarding zone. The flight attendants were as usual with SQ, very nice courteous and polite, and very helpful even with the most clueless passengers. Soon we were all seated and left just 15 minutes behind. Service started as soon as the plane level off, and the FAs were very efficient yet friendly and communicative. One of them even gave us our second round of Singapore Sling without us asking, and we really appreciate him! For a short 2 hours flight the FAs were able to do two beverage service and a meal in between, and that must be quite a challenge for them! The meal offered are using their new sustainability concept, with paper containers and bamboo cutlery so they can be recycled. We found this an excellent proof that SQ is serious in their effort to go green and reducing use of non-biodegradable materials like plastics. The paper container is quite sturdy and even retains good heat for my Nasi Lemak. The portion was a bit smaller but the taste is just the same compared to past ones I had on SQ. The FAs on this SQ flight wears the mask at all times, as part of their company's safety awareness effort. The cockpit crew gave information about the flight plans before we leave and current Singapore condition just before we start our descent, and we arrived just 10 minutes behind schedule. Overall this is another great flight with SQ.
 Despite some allegations of cost-cutting measures surfacing across the internet and social media, Singapore Airlines is still unequivocally and undeniably the best in its class. In an era of self-check in kiosks and self-serve apps, the human touch it provides to all its passengers is remarkably special and the warmth and comfort of the human element is something that is irreplaceable by technology. The cabin crew truly went above and beyond to ensure that the passengers were well looked after. In addition to that, every other aspect of the flight from the checking-in process, lounge, boarding arrangements, punctuality, cabin announcements, seat comfort and functionality, meal service, inflight WiFi and timing and baggage delivery was also seamless and flawless. Flying in Singapore Airlines on a premium cabin is truly and quite literally a heavenly experience at 40,000ft in the sky.
  This was a very bad experience, as the service quality of Singapore Airlines has noticeably declined. I couldn't understand why the flight was delayed for 40 minutes due to late passengers. While Singapore Airlines uses environmentally friendly cutlery on its short-haul flights the quantity of food served has been reduced. The unbearable thing for me was that I am a Gold member of Star Alliance, but on arrival to Denpasar I had to wait for 50 minutes for the priority baggage of this flight. The plane arrived at the gate at 21:07, but it was already 22:00 when I got my luggage. Finally, although the entertainment system interface was very nice, there were not many good movies and music options for me. 
  Flight I had with Singapore Airlines are late by up to 90 mins on arrival.  It’s inferior to Qatar Airways business class : underwhelming lounges, okay onboard catering, no dining-on-demand, quirky flat-bed seats (on the A350ULR and more so on the new A380), meager amenities onboard. The cabin crew is somewhat the only part of Singapore Airlines nearly on par with Qatar Airways.
 22 April flight from SG to Seattle. In all my experience flying with Singapore Airlines, this was the first time I saw more stewards than stewardesses on board. While the cabin crew service was excellent as usual, I would like to give a special shout out and thanks to Cheryl, Jessica and Crystal for their top notch service that is befitting of the Singapore Girl name. On the contrary, the inflight meal was a disappointment. From the menu selection and food quality to the presentation, they are not fit to be served on board an airline as prestigious as Singapore Airlines. The pandemic is over. It's time to revitalise the quality of your inflight meals.
 Used Singapore Airlines in economy from Bali to Bangkok via SIN, check in was done quickly using my FF status, security and passport control took around 30 minutes. I used the premier lounge which is okay for a coffee, boarding from gate 4A was organised, I had seat 58A which is an exit row so pretty comfortable, departed on time for the 2 hour 20 minute flight. Once in the air lunch served which is the regional boxed meal, I think it's a great idea for short flights, food was good served by a really great crew. Arrived SIN little bit early I had to transfer from T3 to T2 which is no problem even had time to visit the Krisflyer Gold Lounge for a coffee and be at the gate for my connection. Boarding quickly done and departed on time I found seat 56A fine, again a boxed regional meal served by a proactive crew on this 2 hour flight. Arrived just about on time, bags delivered quickly I was out in the taxi queue within 30 minutes.
  My flight on 14 March 2023 was scheduled to depart SFO at 9:30am, but was delayed due to heavy winds. Understandable. Less understandable was the disorganized response, which included vague instructions on updates, a lack of transparency on continued delays after weather cleared. The flight departed late and I was told that my luggage would be on my connecting flight, but when I landed in HKG it was not. When I contacted SIA they refused to offer me any compensation for my delayed flight, and asked for an e-ticket number for my original Scoot ticket (e-ticket numbers are nowhere to be found on Scoot ticket receipts or in the booking on the app, which disappears after your flight date). Everything they did to help was simply a deflection of responsibility. 
  This airline is worth the money every time we have flown with them. The staff always moving around the cabin when it is semi dark as some people are not asleep, offering drinks or snacks to keep up the enjoyment of flying. The food from Brisbane is a big improvement from June 2022 but the food on the return Singapore to Brisbane was a let down with cold and tough beef and two rude female cabin staff but otherwise great service on all flights. We had to fly Emirates Airline from Mumbai to Johannesburg and this airline needs to look how Singapore Business Class is five star.
  Used Singapore Airlines between Cape Town & Bali, check in at CPT very quick and polite as was security and immigration. SQ use the Bidvest lounge which was fine with decent food and seating, boarding was covered quickly so soon at my seat 12A. Once onboard drinks served before departing on time. This flight makes a short stop in Johannesburg where passengers remain on the aircraft, a small lunch served on the first leg by a nice crew. With a new crew departed JNB on time for the 10 hour flight to Singapore, food lunch/breakfast and service during the flight very good as was the seat and TV Options. Arrival in Singapore a little early after a pretty bumpy flight, transfer was fine using the Silverkris lounge in T3 for a coffee and shower before boarding the flight to Bali this time on a 787-10 my favorite SQ Aircraft. Departed a little late for this 2hour 20 minutes flight, crew very nice as was the food, bags delivered to the belt quickly all in all a great trip. I believe SQ are still up with the best. I guess the only thing missing is that amenity kit.
 MXP-SIN and return. First time for me with SIA, in a very long flight in Premium. Very positive the attitude of the whole cabin crew: very kind, professional and available to satisfy passenger requests. Food and drink were the same than economy, besides they supplied sleeping masks and socks for the night flight only after we requested them. Poor IFE, and annoying loud music during the whole descent and until arrival at the finger. All in all very good crew, but I suspect that in these last years they lost something regarding the quality they were famous for.
  My flight started on March 18 KUL-FRA and we were asked to check in our Baby stroller at the gate and we will get it in Germany. The food was not same as before and the quality is pretty bad. Upon arrival we were informed that our stroller did not make the flight and it was delay for 3 days. Worse part when the stroller was return it was damaged. On our return flight April 15 FRA - KUL We found out that our original seats which was bassinet seats were changed and we had to go to the airport early to make sure that my baby has a bassinet. This was very frustrating for us with a 1yr old baby. We were also ask to check in at the gate another bag that contains my baby items as it was too big to go into the overhead cabin as per the crew.  Upon check in we were move to the back side on the aircraft not the seats we booked. The food was not good as well and too far in between for a 12hr flight, the crew was helpful but not regularly offering drinks /snacks not sure if that is the new standard. Meals was served less than 1hr before landing and the crew was rushing the meals. Upon arrival at Singapore a delay on our bags, so we had to wait and check at the airport longer just to get some clarification. They didn't know where our bags are and just informed us that it will be delivered home. Once my baggage was delivered, my luggage was damaged and unusable wheels caved in and the fragile sticker gone. 
  Our flights were all delayed and the transfers at Changi Airport were not smooth. Going flight on 14 April 2023 SQ929 SUB-SIN, the departure from Surabaya was delayed. When arrived in Changi Airport, we could not get on our flight to Haneda, and our flights were changed to Narita. The airport change caused longer travel time (from Haneda to home is less than 1 hour but from Narita is more than 2 hours) and cost (from Haneda is about 500 yen but from Narita is about 4500 yen). Return flight on 16 April 2023, SQ631 HND-SIN flight arrival to Changi Airport was delayed. While we could make it to connection flight to Surabaya, our luggage could not. We were disappointed with Singapore Airlines.
  Star Alliance lounge in Paris rather mediocre, crowded, upper level closed for no apparent reason. Flight uneventful, with comfy seat, good service, stable Wi-Fi and decent entertainment. Food quality and presentation rather poor.  Transit in SG uneventful with crowded lounge with average food offerings. The food on the short sector to BKK was so much better than the flight from Paris to Singapore.
 We took SQ285 SIN/AKL on 6/3/23 and SQ282 AKL/SIN on 19/3/23 The service has dropped in comparison to our past experience on SIA. The world class hospitality as the latest TV advertisement claims is sadly missing. The warmth, friendliness, cheerfulness, the unique character and personality of Singapore Airlines was not there. There were no disposable wet wipes provided when we boarded the plane. The first meal took fairly long before it was served. Between meals, crew would be walking up and down the aisle with water, drinks and snacks but I did not see this. On our return flight on SQ282, the crew did offer a few rounds of orange juice and water but no snacks. They did not offer toiletries pack. Whether I would recommend this airline, depends on the price point at the time of booking in comparison to other airlines out there. The whole experience felt like a very regular, no fuss airline experience. 
  The crew members were very friendly and attentive. Especially when my friend felt uncomfortable and vomited, they provided considerate care, which I am very appreciated.
  Impeccable service, just be aware of the timing of connections, they sell tickets with only one hour stopover. Do not accept to buy connecting flights with less than 2 hour time stopover. 
  There were no manned counters available for economy class at all. Even 2.5 hours before the flight, no staff were available to assist us and staff in Perth airport were not familiar with the self check in kiosk issues. We took a good 2 hours to resolve our check in issues as there was a long line of people waiting in line as all of us had issues checking in via the online kiosks. There were only 2 staff walking around who arrived only 2 hours before flight. We were juggling the queue, our toddler, baggage and when we finally printed our boarding pass, we had to lug everything and our toddler who was cranky at this point from all the waiting and standing and queueing and then self check in our baggage one at a time. It was the worst service ever. Also the captain announced that there will be no wifi for that flight. 
 The usual pleasant experience at Changi airport with a decent lounge and swift security clearance. The flight was uneventful, quiet with good food, seat, entertainment and service. Even the Wi-Fi was reasonably fast and stable. Overall highly recommended.
 The sector was the first leg of a Bangkok to Paris business class ticket. I received a call from SQ a day prior to departure requesting a voluntary downgrade due to last minute aircraft change and not having enough business class seats. I was told that I would receive S$ 200 plus a same sector upgrade voucher. I agreed and I was told that I would receive an email shortly with the details; which was never sent. Upon check-in, I was told that it was an error, that I would receive either the cash or the voucher. I opted for the cash, since I had no use for the sector upgrade. At the gate, I received a letter that there would be a fare difference compensation, which, in my case exceeded the S$ 200. After having three compensation versions, I approached the purser of the flight who told me that the payment would be $200 and another $ 200. (Version number 4). She also told me that she would mention my case in n her flight report and asked for my email address. She told me that I would be contacted shortly, which never happened. I also wrote in to SQ with no response received. I am not trying to get something out of this, but I do not appreciate being treated like a fool. The flight itself was rather mediocre with SQs new concept of tiny portions in a cardboard box, which does not work for me. The few spoons of lukewarm tasteless Laksa in a cardboard box was probably one of the worst economy food ever. The seat/aircraft was good and comfortable.
  I want to congratulate the crew for all the attention and service given to us ( My wife and myself). I even asked for their names. They are Wah Lian, Jeffrey, Vivian, Ying, Gloria and Sofia. Please convey our best wishes to them. I have always flown Singapore Airlines and always will in the near future
  Good food and great cabin crew. We asked to see the suites, and they let us, after people have left the airplane. Our platypus got some champagne! 
  Frankfurt to Singapore on Singapore Airlines SQ325, 23 February 2023. 1st drink service served on trays with cups of water or juice & pack of mixed nuts instead of the drink trolley. 1hr+ into a 12hr flight, dinner was served. When it was my turn, I asked for a beer with my dinner but was told there was no more beer onboard explained staff. This flight felt a lot like Scoot.
 SQ 212 on B777-300 SYD/SIN ; A350-9 SIN/BKK/SIN & SQ 231 on A380 SIN/SYD. First international flight since covid. Two things stand out - as expected, Singapore Airlines were up to their usual high standards with requests, check-in, seating and efficient, friendly cabin service. Despite aircraft being full, a polite request for preferred seating afforded us seats near bulkheads or in exit rows - making the longer sectors far more pleasant with the extra legroom. Flights departed on time, cabin and toilets kept clean at all times. The 2nd issue of significance was that one of my 2 baggage items was nowhere to be seen upon arrival in BKK. This was at a time when all airlines were ramping up after covid and many were having issues with misplaced, lost or late baggage. In fairness to SQ, the item was "oversize" and handled separately AND we had a tight connection of only 1 hour in SIN. It was reported to staff and next morning I received an email saying the smallish item had been located. I received a phone call and then another email updating me of the delayed baggage and that it would be delivered to my home 100km from BKK airport by courier - and it DID arrive as promised !. Excellent communication and service. It was apparent the item had missed the connecting flight in Singapore - as evidenced by the "rush" stickers etc all over the article.. Singapore Airlines - a cut above the others.
  Manchester to Singapore flight of 12 hours 55 minutes literally flew by, helped by a decent seat but mainly because of stewardess Shirin. It was an absolute delight being served by her, she was friendly, helpful but at all times very professional. The only disappointing issue on the flight was the food which was of a poor quality and tasteless. The onward flight from Singapore was good but again the food on this flight was dreadful. My overall thoughts on this journey were very positive other than food and on that basis I have already booked again for later in the year.
  London to Singapore, A350 Excellent plane. Great service. Fantastic IFE, terrible food and small portions. I managed to sleep for half of the flight. Singapore to Manila on Boeing 787 an excellent plane. Great service on this short overnight flight. Fantastic IFE. Food was better than previous flight, but still not great. Singapore Airlines meals aren't as good as they used to be.
  Terrible seats. We had no space for our legs due to boxes fixed under the seats in front of us. My girlfriend had these boxes fixed in front of her, leaving her only 60% of space for her feet. Myself had only 70% of normal feet space for economy class.
  I have been very satisfied with them. At first I was disappointed because originally the A380-800 was supposed to be used, which is my favorite. The staff was very pleasant and accommodating. The food was excellent and beautifully served on high-quality porcelain. Entertainment is very good and extensive. I rate free Internet access with limited speed very positively. The flight was smooth and we landed on time.
 I booked an economy ticket from Amsterdam to Brisbane via Singapore. I upgraded my seat because of health issues. When I upgraded my seat from Amsterdam to Brisbane I was charged 3.958 euros for the upgrade of my flight from Amsterdam to Brisbane. My husband also upgraded his seat from Amsterdam to Singapore on the same flight and was charged 1.217 euros. Singapore Airlines decided to overbook the flight. When I arrived in Singapore I found out that my seat was given to someone else. I could not fly business class to Brisbane. They gave me me an economy seat. The service was very slow and unprofessional. I asked about the refund. Only 10 days later after sending several emails to Singapore airlines, requesting more information regarding the refund, they told me I would receive a refund of only 1.545 euros. When I upgraded my seat from Amsterdam to Brisbane I was charged 3.958 euros for the upgrade. My husband also upgraded his seat from Amsterdam to Singapore on the same flight and was charged 1.217 euros. Based on these fees, I expected a refund of 2.741 euros (3.958 - 1.217). I believe that customers who are affected by this issue deserve a quick and a fair and reasonable refund. The offer I received does not meet this standard. On top of this: When I arrived in Brisbane, my luggage had not arrived. They told me the luggage would arrive in the next plain , the next morning at 7.00 O’clock. They would make sure my luggage would arrive at my accommodation the same afternoon. When I phoned to get more information I could not reach any one. I send several emails and received no reply. After numerous phone calls I finally spoke to someone. He told me that my luggage would not be delivered that same afternoon (although it had actually arrived that morning at 7:00 in the morning. It took a lot of other phone calls before they had my luggage delivered that evening.
  We queued for checkin for 30 minutes, staff were very good. A chaotic and slow boarding process at the gate but when we entered the jet bridge it was very calm and welcoming with staff being very attentive and informative. We had a problem with our star alliance flight the night before as it was cancelled so we were reallocated this flight. Singapore Airlines gave us the front economy seat which had more leg room than any other flight. It was on time and meals were served soon after take off meals were good as well as the rest of the flight
 Imagine a 14 hour trip being near perfect. Boarding, crew, food, seat, Wi-Fi, drinks, all of it. This cabin crew was amazing and managed to be sincere while also being efficient. They seemed to truly want to deliver the best and they did. 14 hours literally flew by in the lie flat comfy seat. The crew was proactive and seemed available whenever I needed something.
  A decent experience. Check in was fast and easy, lounge was comfortable with good food offerings. Boarding was slightly chaotic but not awful. The aircraft is wonderful with comfortable seating and leg room. IFE was good. Meal decent for a two hour flight. Had to ask for an amenity kit. Flight was basically on time. Not stellar but better than most. Wifi wasn’t working.
  The ground crew were unreasonable and very rude. We were denied boarding as according to them we were 4 minutes late.  The ground crew did a lousy job of offloading our luggage. We had to wait almost half a day in the baggage carousel before filling a missing bag report. 
  We flew LHR - SIN and SIN- LHR in December. Both flights were the morning A380 flights in Premium Economy. So we’ve had best part of 27 hours experiencing the Premium Economy product. Boarding for both flights was painless. Both flights left on time and arrived slightly early. The premium economy cabin on the A380 is right at the front and as such feels quite exclusive. Indeed there are only about 40 seats in the cabin in a 2-4-2 configuration. To keep this review brief. The seats were a major upgrade on the usual economy seats both in comfort and space. The food was lovely - we used Book the Cook for all our meals. Plenty of drinks brought around and if you needed a top up or a snack this was provided promptly. Again on both flights the cabin crew were amazingly good. We paid about £600 each extra over and above the economy fare, which at the time of booking meant our premium economy fare was double the economy fare. So an extra £300 each way to be in Premium Economy. Is it worth it? Well yes it is , but I add a proviso. It’s worth paying extra, as long as the extra you pay is no more than around £600-£700 for long haul return. £600 economy vs £1200 Premium, that a no brainer. If you have the cash then do it. But £600 economy and £1600 Premium, then I’d personally say that’s too much for what you get
  Singapore Airlines is by far the best airline I have flown it. The cabin is a spacious 3-3-3 layout in it's Economy Class with excellent mood lighting. The cabins lack individual air vents and can make it uncomfortable sometimes. Food was average and the portions were not great. However, the cabin crew do everything from serving snacks like sandwiches, cup ramen, chips, cookies, etc. to the passengers from time to time with water and beverages. Hospitality was five-star. From the welcome at the door, the crew help out passengers with a smile. Given that they work for hours together on some ultra-long haul flights and with a wide of array of passengers onboard, it is amazing to see them help you with a smile, always. In seat entertainment had a lot of options and can easily entertain any person, young or old, on a 17 hour flight. In all, the experience was great and I would recommend SQ to everyone.
  Have heard great things about Singapore Airlines, so decided to give it a try. Booked a long haul flight. Even though it's almost 17 hour flight, but didn't feel like one, when my journey ended I was as fresh as when I boarded the flight. Silverkris lounge at Changi Airport was good. They have sleeping pods as well as a bathroom, where you can take a shower, in case you feel like one. Food was amazing. They have the facility called - "Book a Cook", which I'd used for getting my Steak. (Attached the pic), it was so delicious and perfect as if I'm dining in a restaurant. Crew were polite and very helpful. Only drawback that I find is - at New York (JFK Airport), they don't have a nice lounge. Lounges, they have partnered with were so small and didn't have a nice quick bite / snacks or drinks. Wish they could do something about it. All in all, must admit, Singapore Airline is the best airline.
 I miss the pre-pandemic Singapore Airlines. I have flown with them on a regular basis for decades and am disappointed at how bad the first flight I took with them since the pandemic was. My flight was purchased from Air Canada and AC is the first marketing carrier as per US DOT rules. AC is also the most significant carrier. I have clearly researched my baggage allocation prior to the trip and packed appropriately. Unfortunately, the SIA check in staff were clearly unaware of their own company's baggage policy (see pictures below) and refused to allow me to check my three bags. I had to repack my bags at the airport, which is both embarrassing and a complete hassle. I have never had to do this in my decades of leisure and business travel. I will definitely think twice before taking a flight with SIA again in the future.
 Was this a memorable flight? Not really. I like the entertainment selection. The seat was fine for just over a 2 hr flight on SQ177. Actually not much different to the 350-900 medium haul except maybe the adjoining two seats in the middle are closer. The food. Oh my. Dreadful. Sounded great, lemongrass chicken. It was very fatty and unpleasant. The bok choy was almost raw. I would have preferred a plateful of the garlic bread instead of the tiny slice I was given. All in all it was a very average experience. I miss the Singapore Airlines pre Covid and really think they need to up their game in the food area especially. I booked this flight as at the time it was actually cheaper to go to HCMC via Singapore than just to Singapore. However, I wish I booked through Vietnam Airlines and saved money and connection hassles.
 Overall an ok flight. Lounge - SilverKris Changi is huge and was too over crowded. We had to sit at a canteen type table which was uncomfortable. We only stayed long enough to change our sim and change clothes. Way too busy. Gate/Boarding. We got in line. Was told there was no point as it hadn’t opened. We stayed in line as seats get taken in there fast. Boarding passes are scanned after security which meant the one gate agent could not cope when it was boarding time and everyone stormed the gate not adhering to groups or priority. Seat - narrow. Overhead lockers were too high for me to reach even with the little foot aid thing. Others had to help. No other storage except under the foot rest. There is a tiny cubby hole where ear phones, menu and water bottle were kept. Not a comfortable seat to sleep in being so narrow with no wriggle room. Hard being a side sleeper. Food - As all my other flights had poor quality food I opted for no meal, just sleep. The passenger in front argued with the FA over no breakfast service. Personally I believe there should have been a choice but no. The lovely FA verified no meal with me and offered to keep cheesecake aside that she would serve to me with coffee when I woke which was lovely of her. As I woke an hour or so before landing she was right there with what was promised. On arrival luggage arrived quickly so we were one of the first through customs with no long line. Overall the crew really are the highlight with Singapore Airlines. The rest is average to below average with definite cut backs evident. Also disappointed that when I booked this flight it was for the 777 which has better seats for sleep but that changed to the less than comfortable 350-900 medium haul.
  This is the best airline I have ever been on. The lounge before flight was amazing, the service was quick and the people were kind. On my flight from Singapore to New York , one stewardess specifically, Belle, made my 19 hour long trip with my brother an absolute delight. She was attentive, kind, and went above and beyond. When I asked if I could skip the appetizer meal (since it was a food I generally do not like) she asked if I would like fruit instead to replace it. She also would always quickly and kindly help me make my seat into a bed! (The seat form was a 8/10 for comfort but the bed was SOOO nice I slept for most the flight). This was the first time I had ever traveled Business class and I felt like royalty.  Even the bathroom was nice with amenities like a hairbrush. My one feedback for improvement would be to automatically give things that are included (I had to ask for slippers and mask on my flight from Singapore to NY but it was laid out from NY there) but even that was still good. While the wifi isn't strong enough for videos, it was good for surfing the internet which is what I used it for, and I charged my phone so I left with full battery.
  A thoroughly pleasant experience, bearing in mind this flight was during the height of Covid-19 and New Zealand had just reopened its borders. Check-in was a bit truncated, given the amount of documentation required and the person managing our check-in was receiving training. Once on board the experience was delightful, food and beverage service was lovely, including signature Singapore Slings. The A350 was very clean, and I particularly like the additional screen on the handset. Legroom was adequate, though better than many others; that said, the flight only had 75 passengers, so my wife and I had a row to ourselves.
  Disappointing flight from Singapore to Auckland. A good seat, tasteless food and the worst Illy coffee i have had. What concerned me the most is the cost we paid for these flights, this one one of four flights we took on Singapore airlines over the last three weeks. The Auckland to Singapore flights seemed understaffed, whereas the Singapore to Bangkok flights seemed a lot more organised and a better food selection. 
  The flight seemed quite full with huge line up at the gate security area. No priority line but that’s ok. Boarding was odd with just a gate agent yelling out instructions. The seat was fine but no bottle of water which was disappointing. We used book the cook. My husbands beef cheek was tender but my steak was too tough to cut or even bite into. The crew were lovely but disorganised. The right side of the plane were offered bread after the meal not before. My side missed out entirely. Arriving at Ho Chi Minh city, no priority line for immigration. Never mind. It was a 5/10 flight. Nothing special.
  They cancel our flight and push us to an 8h earlier flight, and notify us last minute by calling us internationally about the change. Their customer service put us on hold for more than half of the 25 minute call, something that could have been done online for free, but they found it necessary to call. They even didn't offer food and beverage vouchers to cover the extra 8h on Singapore Airport. Their ground staff was sending us from one side to the other without a solution. After trying to get in touch with them it took 1.5 month to get a reply saying they don't care. Also transfer was unclear as the gates were closed until very close to departure. My inflight food was very bad, and in-flight service almost non-existent. You had to go to the kitchen area to ask for some drinks. In-flight entertainment was good with many recent movies. I will never fly again with Singapore Airlines after this.
 Full flight. Check in was busy, business class full. The lounge in Melbourne was okay, bit old and dated but the food was good. Boarding protocol was strictly adhered to. We were warmly welcomed. This medium haul aircraft was far different to the A380 in business. The seats although adequate were so much smaller. I was surprised to see not only a blanket and pillow but slippers, face mask, socks and amenity kit on my seat. The storage bin overhead is very high up and 158cm me needed help to stow my bag. Not much storage at the seat, just under the footstool and a tiny cubby hole once the headphones and water are removed. The staff were very friendly but reactive rather than pro active. They didn’t check the cabin during the flight but would respond to pushing the button for an attendant. The food was okay. Nothing special, steak was tough but the dessert was lovely (cheesecake). Entertainment was pretty good, quite a lot of choice, and the flight map was excellent. The refreshment before landing was not nice, chorizo and pasta. Quantity not quality. We arrived slightly sooner than scheduled. Altogether it was good for a day flight but not sure it will be comfortable enough for an overnight flight.
 Check in at Brisbane was the worst we have ever experienced. There is only one business class counter, which resulted in a 30 +minute queue. On taking this up with the duty manager I was told this is to push passengers to use the check in machine and deal with their own luggage. Fine for passengers familiar with the system, but not acceptable for passengers who predate the automated era, and certainly not acceptable having paid for business class. Having finally checked in it was another disappointment to discover that Brisbane Airport has abolished fast track security. Obviously an airport decision but it begs the question, as a major user of Brisbane, have Singapore Airlines put any pressure on the airport to reintroduce this facility. The lounge had a good selection of food Once the flight boarded it was back to the excellent service we expect. So unfortunate that a good flight was spoiled by an awful start - the business class experience should begin on first arrival at the airport.
 What a shame. Delayed baggage when I arrived at the Paris airport. The representative told me that it would be sent the next day. I arrived on Thursday evening and it is now Saturday evening and I have not seen my luggage. Neither received any calls from anyone. I don't know where is my luggage and I am left waiting for it at home. Even low cost airline provide a better customer service support. I have no idea why it is cited as among the best airlines. It is not even Top 20 in my book. Was my first time flying with this airline and it will be the last.
 Seat 32A could not be reclined so it defeated the purpose of paying extra for premium economy for a comfortable seat. Seat 32C took so much effort to force it to recline. The buttons did not seem to do anything. I had to push to force it to recline. My Singapore Sling was overly sweet and it felt it was made deliberately to avoid asking for a second one. No warm towels and a small packet of nuts given quite a while after the drinks service was completed. There was a great movies/tv selection. The noise cancelling headphones were the large ear encompassing ones. Two small bottles of water were sitting in between the seats. When we boarded at the appropriate announcement time based on sections, our cabin was full so most people had boarded earlier. The economy class cabin had many empty seats. On reflection, had I had knowledge of seat bookings, I would have opted for economy. Premium class was not delivered. I asked for an amenity bag and the flight attendant looked at me puzzled, as though one such a thing did not exist. Reluctantly an economy class bag with just socks and toothbrush was procured. Food was same as economy although I pre-ordered mine. No dessert on the tray but a small tub of Hagen Daez ice cream. It seems they were anxious to get meal service done as quickly as possible. The flight attendants were friendly on boarding but we hardly saw them after the meal service. No mid-flight snacks. Plane left and arrived on time. Overall I will seriously reconsider premium economy.
  (Two separate return journeys, different equipment). Pretty well can't be faulted. E.g. the airline staff went the extra mile in several respects, including luggage which didn't make a tight connection, but which I still got in 24 hours. The A350s are somewhat more comfortable in feel than even the A380s, the IFE on both aircraft is good, though the A350s have a live BBC news feed I can recommend. Would happily fly with them again.
  SQ171 DAD-SIN. Terrible flight. Boarding started late and was chaos, with no real explanation about the delay. Upon boarding could not use the overhead above my seat, and was not allowed to have any personal items. There was a Headphone shortage. Took off, and inflight service started rather late. Cabin attendants speaking extremely fast, and I was unable to comprehend what they were saying. Multiple times, Had to ask them to slow down. They ran out of food. Offered Entrée was disgusting, and I refused. They came back, and tried to offer me the Business Class entrée, but there was only 1 choice. I passed, but they hounded me with endless questions. Landed, and couldn’t get access to my luggage. Singapore Airlines is only good on Ultra Long Haul flights. With Asian connections not anymore, since they got rid of the A330. 
  Boarding was prompt and the flight landed early. Very hard-working cabin crew. They tried their best to fulfil requests. They were less proactive with coming around with drinks during the flight compared to my previous flights, but responded to individual requests made to them directly. The aircraft was very clean but cupholder on my seat was broken. Overall I feel comfortable flying with this airline and would choose to do so again, knowing I will get a certain standard of service.
  My first flight post-pandemic and Singapore Airlines lived up to high expectations. The cabin crew were excellent and made regular drinks runs throughout the flight with trays of water, juice and sometimes beer. I was impressed by their professionalism, politeness and friendliness throughout the journey, despite having to serve almost a full flight. Flood (including snacks in between meals at the galley) was plentiful, even for economy class. Two free hours of wifi for economy class passengers was a welcome addition to the service. Everything went smoothly, from boarding to disembarking. Prior to the flight I had called the call centre to make a booking amendment and the service from the call centre was also efficient.
  Singapore Airlines ranged from excellent to good. Syd-Sin-Cph (Oct 6, 2022) was excellent. Of course in Economy we were packed like sardines, but the tin was large enough (and neighbours small enough) that we weren't particularly uncomfortable. This is the third time we've flown post-Covid. The first time on Thai it seemed that Covid was the excuse to give no service at all but Singapore Airlines both at Xmas 2021 and last month provides excellent service. Food was very good and alcohol plentiful. The entertainment system provided enough to occupy us for this long haul. Flight attendants were very attentive. We stopped over in Singapore on our way home. Unfortunately Sin-Syd leaves shortly after midnight. The flight was delayed and it was after 1am before we left. This is a long time between meals and we were uncertain whether we'd be given a snack and night cap before going to sleep but no announcement was made and we stayed in limbo between sleeping and waking for most of this leg. Of the four legs of our journey this is our only complaint.
  SQ23 in Premium Economy Solo Seat.  1730 Arrived at The counter. Instantly was approached, and greeted by a extremely professional gentleman, Asking which flight I was on. When I told him SQ23, he asked “could you please wait?”. Well I went to get water, came back, and instantly he reengaged me, stating the counter was ready for me, and took me straight to the head of the line. Check in fast, with agent verifying information. Boarding was quick. Upon boarding a Red Uniformed Cabin Attendant welcomed me aboard, and directed me to my seat. As I passed others they acknowledged me and welcomed me aboard. One even said “Happy Thanksgiving”. Aircraft seemed extremely cold, and rather uncomfortable. We seemed to be late pushing back, and The Red Uniformed staff was going around talking to passengers. She approached me, and began to engage in conversation. She thanked me for flying SQ for 14 years. Finally we Took off. I had to use the provided blanket. Champagne is back on the menu. When they arrived with Dinner, they ran out of food, so the Steward said he had to go to Business to get entrees. He came back and said what he had. I ordered the Beef. He kept checking in, with estimated time of completion. Constant Champagne rounds followed through the flight. After dinner I slept. Standalone seat extremely comfortable, and excellent value. Second meal came out. I had the Stir Fry Shrimp which was Delicious. Constant Champagne refills continued. On approach to Changi, I switched to Coffee, which also continued with multiple rounds. Arriving in SIN on Thanksgiving morning, crew wished us well as we debarked. I have been flying with Singapore Airlines since 2008. This flight maybe the best experience I have ever had with them!!!
  I'm a vegetarian, the food was tasty but I have some thoughts: a bun served with butter without any addition in one of the main meals? I had to ask for a drink because the service  walked by multiple times ignoring me. I flew with them 4 times, two flights of 14.5 hours plus 2 shorter flights on 1 out of 4 flights, I can say that the service was at a high level. The seats were super uncomfortable. The number of drinks served for 14.5 hours is really poor. The last drink I asked for was water, and the staff brought me a tap water. 
  Late evening check in was surprisingly busy, but with all counters open there was not much delay. Similarly the lounge was busy. There was a decent selection of food, but the wine on offer was disappointing. Boarding was prompt with a friendly welcome, and champagne and fruit juice on offer before take off. Drinks were served immediately after take off, and it seemed that most passengers opted for sleep rather than food. The seats are very comfortable for sitting and relaxing, but in the lie flat position the recess for the feet is restricting. There were four breakfast type food options available, to be served immediately or before landing, which made a lot of sense, but the Continental breakfast was very basic and disappointing. Brisbane airport was very quiet early morning, and immigration and luggage delivery very quick. Overall it was a good flight, and the cabin crew were excellent, as expected on Singapore Airlines.
  I wanted to change my flight ticket on 20th of April and was rushed to send a confirmation for a flight change before 21st April which involved a payment of 300 SGD which I agreed to. Upon calling back a few days later after checking that my flight has not been booked over the website, the agent over the phone tried to salvage the situation by insisting that my original flight change booking flight was cancelled and instead, I now would have to pay SGD 1700 to rebook the flight change. There was no such cancellation of flights as the flight number of the "cancelled" flight was the exact same flight as the one that he proposed. I tried calling on multiple occasions and even though Singapore Airlines admitted their fault for messing up my booking, they would not change my flight at the original price that was agreed upon. As a result, I had to miss my other travel plans to London.  My main issues are these: 1) After rushing me to confirm the flight changes before 21st April, which I did on 20th April, why was the flight not booked at the original agreed price of SGD 300. Is it a lack of competence that your staff can't operate a computer? 
  I ordered Muslim Meals and received Chicken curry for breakfast lunch and dinner. Seriously chicken curry for breakfast? About 20 years ago I wrote to Singapore Airlines about the same issue. Take note Muslim diets are much broader than chicken curry.
 I have no words for the hospitality the Singapore Airlines staff on the flight has shown me I have taken more then 20 flights this year but undoubtedly this airline is the best. I will surely and only try to fly Singapore. I am just amazed by the love and care they showed to my 7 year old from Mumbai to Sydney and coming back to India from Sydney. Thank you so much. 
  We flew the SQ 322 flight from Singapore to London Heathrow on Tuesday 2nd august 2022 arriving at London Heathrow at 6am. When we got on the flight the seat part of my daughters seat was missing. She was seated in 54k next to the window. Somebody came and replaced it so she could sit down. We all fell asleep immediately as it was almost 1am in the morning Sydney time. Half way through the flight my daughter realised her socks were wet. We had a look at them and realised they stank of vomit. We then checked all of her toys and our bags that were on the floor and they were all damp and stank of vomit. All of her things, shoes, socks and bottom of her trousers just absolutely stank of vomit and the ground was soaking wet. I can not believe that after such a terrible pandemic my daughter was allowed to sit in an area where someone had so obviously recently been vomiting. Not to mention how disgusting it has been travelling to our hotel in a car with bags all covered in sick and smelling absolutely terrible. I complained to the air steward and asked her to make a note as it was such a disgusting way to have to sit on a long haul flight. Our short UK holiday absolutely ruined, not being able to see my terminally ill father for 8 days in fear of passing it to him, which his immune system could not have handled. This after not seeing him due to the pandemic for 3 years! I understand we flew economy, but at the very least we expected the seats to be clean and sanitary. I emailed the airline through my husbands official Singapore Airlines account, and we heard nothing. I emailed several times, nothing. I only got a response from the airline when I involved a third party resolver government site that helps consumers. They told me nothing had been reported, and that the airline staff deny this even happened. So at the very least they are not logging and recording the changing of seats which must be a safety issue. I find very hard to believe the air steward doesn't remember covering the vomit floor with a blanket and spraying air freshener over it for us. I also asked her to log it all, and she said she would. The airline said all the attendants had been interviewed but they all deny this even happened. It's not so much what happened, it is more the absolute denial that it even took place.
  Boarding while there is a power problem. So plane were no lights. Startup again power then no aircon! Delayed already, then excuse and safety demo. Then again captain still problems and sitting already one hour no aircon and just have to wait when or if they fixed it Serving warm water and while no aircon and still waiting to leave 22.00 hour. Last time SA for us.
  Check in was quick and efficient as expected with Singapore Airlines. Lounge access was the Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse, which at that time of day seemed to be devoted to SQ passengers. Lounge service was excellent, with a good selection of food and drinks. Boarding was on time and very efficient, with a personalised welcome on board.. settling in was very easy, as there is so much storage available at the seat and above. Pre take off drinks were offered, but only fruit juice and water, no champagne. No amenity kits offered except by request. Food and drink orders were taken immediately after take off, and serve with sosatie appetisers. Meals were served not long after with a varied choice of mains. Book the Cook is not available ex Johannesburg, and also whilst it is possible to preview the menu, it is not possible to order. Not a problem for us, as we were near the front. Decent wines were on offer, although a somewhat limited choice. Food was good, as was the service. The seat is very comfortable and notably wider than most. Flor sleeping it is necessary to fold down the backrest to create the bed, which is easily done, although attendants were quick to help. The drawback to the bed is a small cubbyhole for the feet offset from the bed, although in use this was not a particular problem, and wwe both slept for most of the flight. Breakfast was offered as and when people woke, and arrival in Singapore on time. As usual immigration was a breeze. Our only downside was we found the entertainment system difficult, but this is probably an age thing. Overall a very good flight
  No pillows in economy cabin for a 13hr flight, I was offered an extra blanket to use as a makeshift pillow, hardly comfortable. Meal portions were small, no salad or small starter was offered, no towelette and they don't provide salt and pepper sachets with the meal. WiFi was erratic and terminal 2 is a non event due to renovations ! All in all a highly unsatisfactory experience and we will think twice before flying Singapore Airlines again.
  No staff at the transfer desk to issue boarding pass. I was told to proceed to the boarding gate for service. After one hour of waiting in a queue, several people including me were finally get their passes. While we were lining up, many travellers (probably first and business class) cut the queue to insist on going to the aircraft first.  From what I feel, they need a bigger crew to service the A380. Staff avoided eye contact with me to speed up their service. Food was not ready for the first meal. I had to wait half an hour for my main meal after finishing everything else. I was not offered a drink and when I asked, they signalled me to wait. I waited for another half an hour without any drink from the crew yet the guy two rows in front of me asked for a refill and was offered immediately. Second meal was a total disaster, it took an hour for our cabin to be served. To the point that, many people who were already served, they expected their trays to be cleared but nothing happened and many people took the matters into their own hands by bringing trays to cabin crew. Drinks were offered and served very minimally. I can confidently say it because my second flight later with an A350, it was a joy again. Everything ran on time. Polite and civilized boarding. No late service. I still can feel a drop in service as compared to pre-pandemic time.
  Ruined a trip of a lifetime for myself, wife and family. From cancelling our paid seats, that were booked early, we were then separated on the flight. Some of our baggage was left behind, and a absolutely nightmare trying to sort. Staff on plane and at airports not interested and give the feeling that they did not want to be there. 
  Sydney - Amsterdam - Frankfurt -Singapore (stopover) - Sydney. All flights were up to the 'old' SIA standards of service. Check-ins and transfers were easy and the lounges were clean and well-stocked. Meals ordered online and were tasty and well presented with plentiful beer, wines and spirits offered with them and during the flight - possible a little too enthusiastically. The cabin crew were friendly and efficient and made the flights very pleasant indeed. You do need to ask for amenity kits and slippers if you want them and the absence of an offer of hot towels was initially disappointing but a plentiful supply was discovered in the wash rooms for self-serve. The lie-flat beds were made up by the crew if you showed any hesitation in figuring out how they worked and were comfortable once you became used to the idea of sleeping on a bed where the lower half was offset to the upper half. Cabin WiFi worked OK and the IFE seemed to have a reasonable selection, although eating and sleeping were my preferred options on the overnight flights. All in all, SIA seems to be back with their reputation intact.
  Still my favorite airline. Best Economy Class !, spacious seats with nice legroom, pleasing color fabric on seat covers. Each seat had a pillow and a blanket. You should ask to offer you an amenity kit (with socks, eye cover, toothbrush / paste). Pity they do not have inflight magazine due to covid (same excuse to save money and weight, a lot of airlines are using the same excuse). Both flights were on perfect A350 and on time. After takeoff they started the first service which was tasty and there was selection of wine, beer, drinks. After food was desert which was an icecream. During flight the crew was passing by the bottle of water for the passengers. At the galley there were some sandwiches and drinks. In the WC there were toothbrushes, cologne and cream. One hour before landing the second meal was served which was as good and plentiful as the first. IFE was great with a good selection of movies and easy to use. Great airline, keep the good work.
  Amsterdam to Brisbane via Singapore. The food was terrible, no fresh fruit or salad items. We tried to change our return flight due to family circumstances and were told $10,000 to do this. That was way more than the advertised price of a return ticket. Seats felt cramped and uncomfortable.
  I flew with Singapore Airlines from London on a 11.30am local time arriving in Singapore 7.30am local time next day. For some unknown reason this airline serves breakfast at 1.45am Singapore time. I and other passengers were woken up so we could have a breakfast. Once breakfast was finished we still had 5 more hours of flying time. How stupid is this. Dreading my flight home. I have travelled with this airline in the past but it now is on a par with a low cost airline. Very disappointed.
 The check-in process at JFK T4 was seamless. We got access to the Wingtips Lounge, which was fine but there was nothing to be excited about. Boarding was orderly despite the fact that there were many passengers (our A380 flight that night was almost full). On board, the seat looks nice and comfortable, though one of the windows is blocked by the seat design. Staff were nice and attentive, something you would expect from SQ anyway. The food was excellent (I booked my main course from the Book-the-Cook menu). The flight arrived in Frankfurt a bit late, but not a problem at all. Overall, this is what a good flight should be.
  New York JFK check in a disaster, with no control, and only 2 agents open. For an extremely protracted amount of time, I stood in line, and finally got checked in, just before the Station Manager mustered everyone, for the evening brief, pausing check in. Boarding commenced 15 minutes late.  No boarding by rows, just a mass exodus. Upon boarding the Cabin Attendant at the door, was the sole person to welcome me onboard. IFE finally got upgraded, and the A380s fixed shellback seat was extremely comfortable. Upon taking off I dozed off, and was waken up by Cabin Crew to close my window shade. No initial drink offered to me. I requested Chicken for dinner, and the Gentleman said he had to come back. 15 minutes later, I hit the call button, and when the young lady I arrived, I explained to her I did not receive dinner. Finally the Gentleman returned, apologized, and ensured dinner would be out shortly, which it was. Followed by a second round of drinks. Woke up to a refreshment, of extremely small Sandwich of sorts, and a quick round of drinks. Arrived at FRA, and off to my connection. With all my hours, flights, and years flying with Singapore Airlines I will try to brush this off, and hope a repeat of this experience will not happen again.
 Singapore to Sydney. The decline in service and product continues from Singapore Airlines. Premium Economy includes plastic glasses, only two wine choices (Red or White) only one glass was offered per passenger and the food offering economy standard. Neither of the above are consistent with the airline’s advertised offer. The were no masks/socks offered. The A380 Premium Economy seats are much poorer design compared to the A350 seat in the same class/airline. Hard vinyl covered seats, impossible to get comfortable in. Booked a window seat but impossible to lean against the window as seat is 200mm from window. Unless you can book for only 10-15 % more than economy I wouldn’t bother Entertainment is good in its range but the system is unstable. Wifi wouldn’t connect
  I flew on Singapore Airlines last year and one thing I will say is that the friendliness of the crew is outstanding. However the seat space felt slightly cramped and the seats weren’t very comfy. I feel like the lower back support isn’t very good and this makes you sit in a position that is uncomfortable. I say this both for the A350 & A380. I am comparing this to my last journey with Singapore on an older 777-300ER, which in my opinion feels more spacious and the seats feel i lot less cramped. Also the lower back support is better. The meals, are okay by all means but when i compare this to Emirates or Qatar, they are very basic in the sense that all you get is a main dish, bread, crackers, cheese and a small desert of some kind. Nothing to shout about considering this is a top airline. The crew, outstanding on all flights I've been on, friendly and you can take your water bottle and keep filling it up. If you want a drink at any point you can go up and ask.  Transit, probably one of the easiest airports to transit through. A pleasant experience, and if you have in excess of 4 hours you can occupy yourself with plenty. Overall i think i will fly again with Singapore Airlines but might try a different airline on my next journey to the UK.
  The staff were most helpful and delightful, especially Joanne, Lilin, Thiagesan and Edward. I can’t say enough for their warm hospitality, and being very friendly and capable in their jobs.
  They cancelled our return flight's first leg and said they could reschedule it for 8 weeks later. This was not going to work as we had lives to return home to. We hassled them for days and eventually, they put us on the first leg a day before. We had to leave our accommodation in Rome early, pay for accommodation in Munich and taxis to and from the airport. They suggested we could get compensation for this but since applying for that we have heard nothing. A very stressful end to the trip and disappointing experience.
  Short answer: extremely dated and old aircrafts, unpleasant ambiance, cramped seats and broken seats, closed toilets, subpar food. Good attitude of flight attendants. Long answer. The last time I flew SQ was back in 2006 and do remember that it was a very pleasant flight. Since then mostly have been flying Qatar, Emirates, Turkish and many EU/American airlines. First impression, the ambiance of the aircraft is very unpleasant when comparing it to Emirates or Qatar. IFE is small screen with limited choices. No amenity kit of any sort - zero. There was a blanket and a pillow though. One of the toilet from LA to Singapore was closed with an Out of Order note on it, so basically keep waiting for your turn. Food quality is really terrible compared to Emirates/Qatar. No salad or fruit. During the flight no water service. I am used to sitting on 15 hour Dubai flights but never get such pain as this time on Singapore. It is basically now a budget airline but with a 5 star price tag. Even the business class seats look tired and dated. Won't recommend unless you have no choice.
  I recently flew Singapore Airlines Brisbane to Cape Town, only to have them lose my luggage. Despite contacting the Cape Town, Brisbane and Singapore office I have had no contact from anyone, apart from a generic email, dated 6 days ago saying they are attempting to locate my luggage. What should have been a happy experience has been completely ruined not only losing my luggage, but all the gifts I had bought my family who I haven’t seen in four years.
  Great to be flying with Singapore airlines again!  Pre Covid my wife and I had always flown with Singapore airlines and were interested to see whether the high standard of care that we were used to still existed in the post Covid world. The answer is yes. The food was great and its delivery well timed. The entertainment options were excellent with a menu to meet a wide variety of tastes. We were seated in the rear compartment so were able to see the staff at work. The staff we saw were: CS Alvin, LSS Mei, LS Aslam, FSS Chia, FSS Ng, FSS Foo and FSS Chee. They did not stop working for the whole flight yet they were always caring and courteous, going to every length to meet the passengers’ needs. They are great ambassadors for their company. Wherever possible, we would always choose to fly with Singapore
  SQ033 from San Francisco to Singapore in what was sold a premium economy. Apart from slightly larger seat there is nothing to distinguish from regular economy. Very cramped in 2-4-2 seating. No champagne for take-off on 15-hour journey, no amenities, not even hand cream in the bathroom. In addition the entertainment system was bizarre — if you aren’t a fan of Tom Cruise or superheroes you are out of luck. Seriously, there was nothing to watch. Could not comment on the dinner as we chose to eat in the airport. Breakfast was okay for an economy class meal but coffee was not good. I paid a substantial premium for this and I am not impressed. 
  Queued for Business class check in - only 2 servers. Entertainment very limited, games needs your own device. My meal was very poor. Seats and staff ok. Photo is the 5pm refreshment.
  Our first flight was delayed more than one hour, so we lost our connecting flight. The new booking provided was horrible. I was travelling with my four-year-old and the new seat provided is far away, and we were separated. All the family members are separated for the whole journey. Miscommunication between the crew members made us to walk between the terminals for 2 times. Didn't get any help from the crew, even though we requested to provide a seat together.
  Order special meals from through their apps. In the flight, I was not served with the chosen special meals, and asked the flight attendant to check. She said that all special meals has been handed out.  I had to write a email via the help section to double confirm what's the reason behind this. I was told via email that special meal was not able to be catered on the said flight due to insufficient preparation time. Truly disappointed with these behavior. There is no inflight entertainment for 2.5 hours flight, and the standard inflight meal is small in portion. 
  I booked all my flights through the Singapore Airline website.  My flight from Edinburgh to Germany (LH965) with Lufthansa booked by Singapore Air was delayed which meant I missed the next 2 connecting flights Frankfurt - Singapore (SQ2151) and Singapore - Sydney (SQ325). I understand things like this happen and with hopes of being put on the next available flight I tried to let it not bother me I arrived at the airport no one with Singapore Air was there to help so I spoke with Lufthansa who put me in a hotel for the night which was nice but didn’t have any aircon in 40 degreases heat. I was told that Singapore Air would be in contact during the night when their customer service team opened to put me on the next flight. I was up most of the night anxiously waiting for the message of my next flight in case I missed it I was on an online chat with someone who said “I will help now” but then would just end the chat. I decided to head to the airport as it was now around 9 am with no contact by anyone and I had a wedding to make on Friday the 5th. I arrived at the airport and no one cared and didn’t even want to give me the time of day. Singapore Air said it was Lufthansa’s fault and Lufthansa said it was Singapore Air’s fault the walk time to each desk was around 15-20 mins and I was back and forth with everyone sending me to random desks for 3 hours. I was told there were no flights for 3-4 days and there was nothing I can do and it was my responsibility to pay for the time I’d need to spend in Germany, I’m a solo female aged 25 and was even refused to receive my case so had no clothes to wear.  I checked Skyscanner and there were flights leaving that day, at this point, I had enough and went to the business class desk and demanded that I be put on this next flight that I repeatedly lied to that had no space.I was finally helped by someone and was easily put on the flight. Obviously, the extra leg room seats were taken which was understandable so I need to receive a refund for this. 
  Great flight! I arrived yesterday morning in Amsterdam after an almost 13 hours trip from Singapore with my wife and small son. Flying in the business class of Singapore airlines was an amazing experience. The seat is very convenient. In the night the crew prepares a bed for you which was fine. I ordered before the flight the lobster which was absolutely delicious. The service during the flight was great. The crew was very nice to my son and us. The breakfast was also ok. All in all this was one of the best flight experiences ever for me! Amazing flight and service!
  When I checked-in online for this flight, there was a premium economy seat that can be selected even if I only bought an economy class ticket. I selected it and I was able to have the seat with no extra charge. I was pleased with the ground handling, service and quality of food. The Laksa was very delicious! The flight was on-time and the in-flight entertainment was top-notch! One thing that was not working is the Wi-Fi as I was only able to use it for a few minutes. I will definitely fly with Singapore Airlines again.
  My recent flight from London to Singapore was very disappointing. Granted that the departure and arrival times were very good, and my seat was comfortable. Gone are the warms towels prior to your meal, no menu cards and no water runs through the flight. Then there was the lunch service, the bread roll was more like a brick - when asking the flight attendant if I could have another one he replied that they were all like that. No entree /dessert on  meal tray. Breakfast was served 5 hours prior to landing and my meal was very poor in quantity and quality.
  Smooth check-in and outstanding service at the airport. The red-eye flight was delayed by 1,5 hour and at the gate SQ organised a buffet where one could get a hot meal, able to choose between vegetarian on with chicken. It was a very nice touch, was really impressed (especially comparing it to what you don't get from other airlines in similar circumstances). After boarding, very welcoming crew and for those still hungry there was the normal meal service with a round of drinks.
  Nice flights, first leg got Premium Economy seat (but still normal Eco-Service) being SQ Gold. Nice hot meal as per the new concept for short flight with SQ. Long layover in SIN, could visit the new Silverkris Lounge and then onwards on SQ's new 737max. Very comfortable plane, nice interacting crew and lovely dinner served, watching a good movie on their in flight entertainment!
  SQ is one of my favorite airlines, but unfortunately in-cabin experience is less. Still great inflight entertainment (among the best in the industry) but food service is being downgraded.  The round of drinks before dinner/lunch on longer flights, the appetizer on the tray and the hot towel upon boarding are gone. Of course nothing really serious, but with what you pay extra to fly with SQ it is an issue. Check-in process in FRA was efficient (as always with SQ) and the transit in SIN was a little tedious, as Germany (origin of my journey) was Covid-listed again: therefore it was not permitted to "walk freely around" the airport in January 2022 and I had to wait for my connection in a "reserved quarantine area". On the shorter flight to JKT you get now a box with (very) hot food, which is a downgrade compared to what you got before but still is quite ok. On both flights crew was very friendly and interactive.
  Checkin in Istanbul fast and efficient. Turkish Airlines lounge just amazing; something SQ could learn from looking at its „upgraded“ new Krisflyer Lounge in Terminal 3 in Singapore. Boarding in Istanbul was well organized. Seat spacious and comfortable. Food decent, but unfortunately no Book the Cook service ex Istanbul. The big negative point of this flight was the service. Painfully slow, but still hectic and robotic. The lunch service took almost 3 hours. It took an hour from the Satay serving till the appetizer was served. No dining on demand like the ME carrier. Out of the 10.5h flight, almost half of the time was spent with meals. What happened to the previously famous Singapore girl? SQ service does not have the perfection of Qatar, nor the efficiency of LH. Krisflyer lounge in Singapore was so crowded that I left after a while. Shorter flight from Singapore to BKK was uneventful, with a faster service, but still robotic impersonal service.
  The aircraft used for this short 2 hour flight is the regional business class configuration with 1-2-1 layout. For solo travellers, the window seat is the best option and is arranged in an alternating manner with seats next to the window and next to the aisle respectively. The problem with the seat next to the window is that the winglet of the seat partially obscures the window so you will have to lean forward to look out of the window. On this morning flight I ordered Nasi Lemak for breakfast and it was delicious. Cabin crew were attentive and even for such a short flight the leading stewardess addressed me by name. Overall it was a pleasant flight even though I only had 20 minutes to lie flat before preparation for landing in Singapore.
  I flew on the new business class product of SQ on their narrow body B737-800 Max to Phuket last month. The new product featured a fully flat reclining seat in a 1-2-1 configuration. For a 90 minute flight, I had a dinner of beef steak which was booked through the Book the Cook service. As expected with steaks on airline menus, the steak was a bit too well done for my taste. As it was a short flight, it was time to descend after the dinner service. I didn’t get to try out the full recline of the seat but it was comfortable with generous pitch in lounge mode. I would definitely recommend the B737-800 Max business class product for regional routes on SQ especially on the longer regional flights of 4-5 hours where you can get a short nap in full bed mode.
  I flew with Singapore Airlines from Brisbane to Greece recently and they lost my luggage. The suitcase was returned to me at the end of my holidays (3 weeks later) and caused me to have to change holidays plans, lots of frustration trying to reach someone form the company and incurred unexpected expenses as I landed with no personal belongings. I've sent two separate feedback forms and there has been no reply and when I managed to finally reach someone from their call centre service, they did not know how to help me and put me on hold for half an hour. This is ridiculous customer service for a company which is supposed to be among the best in the world. 
  Our family flew with Singapore Airlines since long time. We had experienced a wonderful service, especially for kids. We were so disappointed when travelling again this time in July 2022 from Paris to Vietnam via Singapore. Fares were very high but foods were very poor, no more gift for kids, no menu for kids, no snack during long flight. We understand that pandemic may caused difficulty for all airlines, but Singapore Airlines should not cut expenses.
  Full flights, yet great service from a cheerful and engaged crew. The planes were spotless and comfortable, and the IFE selection was excellent - lots of new releases as well as plenty of art house movies. Sadly no pre-meal drinks run anymore though. And the food, whilst of good quality, seemed rather small and there wasn't that much on the tray; I also wished there were more Singaporean options available - because when there are, they are delicious. Toilets kept clean throughout the flight. Very good flights from a consistently good airline.
 London to Bali via Singapore. Having not travelled overseas for sometime due to the pandemic, I eventually got back to flying in April/May 2022 and it was so nice as I had normally taken a flight on average 20+ times a year prior to the pandemic. Check in was quick and polite checking my PCR result for entry to Bali security was quick and the Singapore Airlines lounge at Heathrow was okay. Boarding was more or less on time the seat as normal on SQ comfortable for the 12 hours flight. The crew where all pretty nice although I sensed perhaps not the normal expected on SQ, the food service was just okay good enough but again not really SQ standard that said the flight was fine. Arrival in Singapore on time I headed to the lounge to wait my connecting flight which was packed with little seating although I managed a shower. SIN-DPS was on the newer 787-10 which I really enjoyed nice crew food okay. I returned DPS-SIN in economy class again on the 787-10 and I was impressed great aircraft nice crew and the economy food box just fine for a 2 hour flight, I obviously like SQ and will continue to use hopefully service will improve as things return to normal
  Singapore Airlines no longer the same, my food tray was near empty. I had chicken noodles, that's about it with a bread. Food was no better from Melbourne to Singapore. The rice with chicken packed with rice and 4 pcs of chicken and a bread. Used to have fruits and cakes, what was called sandwich was a soggy curry puff serves right before landing. From Melbourne to Singapore many were not masked. The air stewardess talked to the unmasked passengers and throughout the flight the passenger was mask off. 
  The boarding and take-off was delayed. The food on board was beef stew, a piece of cake and a cold, rigid bread. It was very difficult to see for the middle row. They were written at a place you cannot see from the aisle, you go to toilet when the light is off and then you cannot find your seat again. They served me drinks twice during an 8-hour flight, I know we can ask for it any time. 
  This airline has good inflight service. However, when I went to check in the agent at San Francisco asked for my vaccine certificate. This is not required at my destination in Cambodia, nothing except rapid test on arrival. I explained this to check in agent. After a while the supervisor took over and checked the requirements on her personal computer. The problem was old requirement were never updated.
  I was very surprised to read some of the comments in the review below. I travelled last week from Singapore to Melbourne on an A350-900 in business class, and it was one of my better flights this year. The seat product for a 7.5 hour flight was very comfortable with good privacy (6/1 tall), and the food and beverages that I was served were all to a good standard. Service was to the usual impeccable SIA standard, and the IFE choices were excellent. I accept that everyone's perceptions can be very different, but maybe sometimes there are some other issues at play when a review is written.
  Boarding was smooth. No welcome-drinks offered, after request I got one. A narrow business-class seat, where I felt squeezed in, a huge console on the left, which is too high to use as an arm-rest and a divider on the right with reading lights.  Sleeping for me was impossible, because the seat/bed is too narrow.  With the exception of slippers no amenities offered, I was re-assured that amenity-kits are available on request. Caesar’s Salad came without dressing and croutons were missing, too. The salad was a green salad-leaf, one in 2 parts cut cherry-tomato and two tiny bits of thinnest parmesan cheese. The 2 choices of white wine were disappointing: both Australian wines, 1 Chardonnay and 1 Riesling. My main course, pan seared salmon was dry and overcooked. The vanilla ice-cream was nice, though and the cheese platter was at least a choice of 3, but served with no grapes. No pralines offered. As for my second meal, Tom Yum Vermicelli with prawns. Again, the dish was small but I could get a vanilla-chocolate cake. The inflight program was functioning, but with little to no choices for me. Since no printed reading material was available I wanted to download some business magazines to my laptop, but was informed, that download is possible on smartphones and tablets only. 
  I was at the airport early and check-in was supposed to open 3 hours before departure but opened 15 minutes late with long queues for both, economy- and business-class already. No warm welcome back  by the leading stewardess. No welcome-drinks, no hot-towel and with the exception of slippers no amenities. For my after take-off drink I opted for a hot sake. Together with satays as canapés I got a tiny 4cl glass of sake and not the full 180ml bottle. One different guest, however enjoyed the whole bottle by his own – another example, that Solitaire-PPS-membership does not pay out anymore. I ordered a Gin&Tonic instead, delivered to me with my own lemons, which I brought from the Lufthansa-lounge. I also brought my own Lufthansa-refreshing-towels, which the crew chilled for me and brought to me after meals and sleeping. The starter (beef pastrami) was tiny but tasty. The chicken roulade with pretzel stuffing was a pretzel roulade with lots of pretzel outside and a tiny piece of chicken inside, dry and almost tasteless. My choice of wine (Australian Shiraz) was disappointing. Ironically, SIA re-introduced a printed menu, even featuring its ‘wine connoisseurs’ – but the actual wine-list was missing, so I could not verify the exact origin of my wine. The cheese-plate was disappointing consisting of 2 small tiny bits only (before it was at min. 3 choices, being freshly cut) with no grapes, as before. At least the Pumpkin Seed Parfait was nice and I was lucky to get the chocolate cake on request. No pralines. My choice of digestive, the Aberfeldy 16 years’ single malt was not catered for and a Japanese whiskey was offered instead. Why then having a single malt on the menu? As SIA doesn’t hand out any amenities to its business-class passengers,  I brought my own slippers and amenity-kit from a flight with Austrian earlier. The next disappointment was the economy-class-style breakfast with scrambled eggs or egg-noodles (2 different styles, though) and yoghurt or muesli. The only difference to an economy-class breakfast is, that the dishes are being served one after each other, but the sizes are tiny. I was lucky, there were still the seafood noodle soup from lunch left, so I decided for that. No freshly squeezed orange-juice. Thank you SIA for a good flight-experience before Covid. But now, with all the service and amenity-cuts it’s time to say goodbye.
  My initial flight was booked from Singapore to Darwin in April 2022. They cancelled my flight to Darwin for operational reasons and rebooked me after three days. I had to reach Australia earlier than rebooked date. I called the customer line and explained. They charged me to rebook me to a flight to Sydney as they had no other options available to fly me to Darwin. They did not give me a ticket from Sydney to Darwin and I lost a lot of money. Incompetent customer service staff and SQ's attitude to their own cancellation was pathetic. The flight comfort was okay but a big decline in their overall customer care. 
  After 2 years of not being to fly with them, finally I made it! I was luckily to be chosen to upgrade from PE to J at a very attractive price last minute. It was money really well spent! It was wonderful to step into their premium cabin again, and experienced their excellent seat with many modern features. Their cabin crew are still amongst some of the best in the airline industry. I was greeted warmly and had excellent service from start to end. Having learnt that I was to go to Singapore to visit families and celebrate my birthday, they surprised me with a cake and some inflight goodies, that truly made my day! Personally, on this route, I did not see any decline in quality of meals and service. Except, maybe the lack of welcome drink, hot towels, which is excusable for covid reason. Meals are still served in separate courses, and with wine, which is constantly refilled. J class passengers, even upgraded ones like me, get 100 MB free WiFi, which was generous and very handy.
  From the moment we got to the check-in to the farewell wishes on disembarkation it felt like we had travelled back in time to the golden days of air travel – this is what it was all about. Truly friendly staff on the ground and in the air, a perfectly clean, spacious and tidy cabin all made for a flight that was most enjoyable from start to finish. I will definitely spend a few dollars more to fly Singapore Airlines in the future.
  I recently flew to/from SFO in Business Class and it was not worth it. On the surface, customer service seemed normal but it was a far cry from the past and not worth the extra money to upgrade from Economy Premium. If you are short like me, sleeping in the cubby hole, in a flat position is fine. Getting the seats up/down is a ridiculous exercise requiring assistance. Not the least bit convenient. It took 4+ hours for the flight staff to get my audio working. Food was some of the worst yet. Trying to get a glass of wine refilled was arduous. Because of all the stories of airline cancellations and delays, I did not risk flying from PDX to SFO with a short layover. Certainly 5 hours was sufficient. Because of the lame check-in policies and process for getting a boarding pass, I was forced to wait 3+ hours for the Singapore counter to open.  The United Lounge at SFO was great. On the flight, it was more of the same, as in the flight to SFO. In addition to the wait for a rest room, no amenities (like socks or travel kit) was offered to me. I will think long and hard before flying their Business Class again.
 Check-in was fast, because I could use the business-class check-in counters as a PPS-member. Otherwise endless queues. Boarding was slow because the flight was full and I boarded late with the crowds. No recognition as a Solitaire-PPS-member on board as before. Cabin crew busy with 'sorting' the passengers and their cabin-luggage to not miss our slot. Seat in a 3-3-3 configuration very narrow, seat-pitch ok (for me being 1.7m only) sufficient, however. Left channel of my speakers was not working, even after exchanging them. Internet not working on my phone, either. No help given to connect, as on earlier flights, instead 'proof' was given to me by a flight attendant that Internet was working on her iphone. Not really helpful. No reading materials. Very basic and little food-options offered in a tiny cardboard-box, 'designed for a reason' (whatever this reason may be). Very inattentive inflight-cabin-crew: As for the after dinner drink I was ignored by the them while my two seat-members got served their drinks of choice. Minimum seat-recline, similar to those in budget-airlines. No soap in washroom. No disinfectant-kits offered as advertised, I got one after request only. Wearing a mask, which is 'mandatory' was not re-enforced, a man in the middle seat was wearing his mask under his chin - no one of the crew cared. Overall the crew seemed to be overworked and de-motivated. The typical glass of champagne offered to me as a PPS-member when I raised my concerns did not really help, it just would have been good enough if the cabin-crew would have fulfilled their duties. Disembarking was fast and swift as well as delivery of my checked-in baggage.
  The flight to London from Belfast was delayed, and I only managed to reach counter at 1100. I was told that I am not able to board SQ317, which depart at 1125. However, I was told by the ground staff not to stress and was assured that they will try to work things out. Throughout the process, they were very friendly, professional and prompt to get me a flight SQ305 back to Singapore on the same day, which departs at 1255. In fact, they get me a aisle seat with leg space. Having stressed out the whole morning with the delayed earlier flight, I breathed a sigh of relief. Thanks to ground staff Preeti and Kaye.
  Thank you to the cabin crew flying 20 June. After 2.5 years of COVID ravages, Singapore Airlines still maintains outstanding service and food. Complimentary WiFi worked very well too. It is sad that Book the Cook is now only available from flights out of Singapore, but it is minor. Singapore Airlines is still the best.
  The second leg of my trip from Hanoi to San Francisco was on SQ032 on June 16th, and this is the flight I wish to review because my reserved seat was not honored. I was first given a seat which was totally unacceptable and I requested another aisle seat. The second seat was in the exit row directly next to the door (facing the crew jump seats). This new seat had no storage pockets since there was no seat in front, and had both monitor and tray table attached. The toilets were directly behind the crew seats giving me little if any privacy and almost no chance to sleep with the toilet traffic. It is true that this new seat had extra leg room. I was quite miserable in this seat due to the lack of privacy and I had to use the floor for my storage needs. Thank god for the snacks in the rear because the 2 meals served were pretty bad. The flight attendants were most helpful throughout the flight, but I will seriously consider my options when flying this route in the future.
  Singapore Airline is an expensive budget airline. The service was very poor, the call center the worst. This flight I had the worst food in business class I had experienced. Service is slow always and wine options are like economy. Wi-if not working for the overall trip.
  I thought I had excellent service from both the ground staff and the staff on the plane, they really did go out of their way to help me. The only downsides were I thought the mediocre food. having to wear a mask the entire time on an 18 hour flight and the fact my tickets say changes are complimentary but they want to charge me the full price of a ticket to change them.
  Our first family holiday (with 2 young children) since pandemic hit. Even with the changes due to COVID (no hot towel etc), the standard remains remarkable, especially the warmness of the cabin crews and extra care towards our 4 year old and 6 year old children. Drinks were replenished throughout the flight. Food and drinks were great with "book the chef" option. We had the signature Lobster dish and the meat was as tender as it can get, for an in flight meal. Departure and Arrival were on time as usual, and great effort by the cabin crew.
  Prior to flying I had a nightmare trying to rearrange my flight when quarantine rules changed. Emails were not replied to and the UK telephone line required a pin to proceed.  The change I required was not possible online. I purchased an aisle seat but I was not allocated one when they changed my booking. The flight was very disappointing. We took off about 12.30pm. After 1 and a half hours were served a curry and rice, a roll and ice cream. There were only two drinks service during a flight of more than 12 and a half hours. Our second meal, breakfast was served 9.5 hours later. Unfortunately my seat was near the galley and the door to staff quarters and the crew slammed the door nearly every ten minutes and were really inconsiderate I thought. I was quite disgruntled so attempted to get a refund on the seats I had purchased and voice my complaints. Yet again I have found it impossible to contact them. 
 Singapore Airlines is no longer what it used to be. The call centre is a disgrace and fails miserably in its job. Check-in was chaotic. Inflight service has dropped to dismal levels. There is no welcome drink, no hot towels, no menus given. The meals were one of the worst I have ever had. The eggs were dry and rubbery. I have had far better meals in the economy class on Flydubai which is a budget airline.
  Best aircraft in the fleet! I was a little apprehensive flying on the 737 Max8 from Phuket but this turned out to be the jewel in the fleet. A beautiful spacious modern aircraft with unusually good legroom. No need to upgrade for this short flight. The catering let the side down. OK it was a short flight but serving wet noodles in a cardboard carton is not sensible. It’s too easy to spill or splash down your shirt, not a good look. There was some turbulence after about 30 minutes and the fasten seatbelt signs came on. Unfortunately, they stayed on for the remainder of the flight even though the turbulence ended after 4-5 minutes barring access to the lavatories. SIN-LHR on an A380. A complete nightmare.  I had an aisle seat with a very large male next to me spilling into my seat space for 13+ hours. This was forcing me into the aisle space where the crew repeatedly knocked into me either rushing down the plane or bashing me with the catering trollies resulting in no sleep. There was never an apology from any of the crew. The food was only just enough with many of the previously supplied items missing. I will never use them again.
  First flight on 26th April was a tatty 777-300. The saving grace was no passenger in the middle seat.  The carpet in the aisle was threadbare. The seating upholstery was no better, very scruffy. No fruit, no salad, no cheese & crackers and only one choice for breakfast. A cold roll was served but only butter to put on it, no conserves. No pre meal drink service. One beer or 1 glass of wine served with the meal. No wifi all flight. The in flight entertainment had to be rebooted 5 times. The crew were very good on this leg regularly passing through the cabin with water. SIN - BKK a more modern A350. I was looking forward to my 1st flight on an A350. The seats were thin with little support. Again the only saving grace was no centre seat occupant. The crew seemed to be in training with young people following older crew members around. I purposely selected Singapore Airlines for my flight following their pre-covid reputation at extra expense.
  SIN-EWR: Purchased a ticket, with one of the 1/6 Standalone Premium Economy Seats. Check in at Changi quick. Tried to purchase lounge access but was turned down. The gate was opened 50 minutes prior to boarding. Boarding was smooth, on what seemed to be a full flight. Seat, and adjacent stowage bin were perfect. Bin could comfortably hold my Rimowa Attaché, but not Business Class. Took off on time, flew a different route than the incoming flight. Flew asleep, Cabin Crew gently tapped me on the shoulder, to eat. Have had ANA, and EVA let me sleep, and tag my seat returning later. Meal was good, Mushrooms had lots of flavor. Two-three rounds of drinks included. Recommenced sleep, and woke up. Cabin crew appeared taking drink orders, and brought back snacks. Crew continuously smiled, were warm, and professional, throughout the flight. They continued to check in, and ensure I didn’t go empty. Second meal served, again with endless drink rounds. IFE was not up to par, with what I’ve previously experienced on Singapore Airlines. Landed at EWR on time, with my bag quickly appearing. Would definitely fly Singapore Airlines again.
  On 25th May I flew on SQ736 to Phuket. A young child was running up and down the aisle, during turbulence, approach and after landing, during taxi to gate. The parents absolutely didn’t care and the cabin crew didn’t either.
 After having recently also travelled on Emirates I thought it might be interesting to compare business class on Singapore Airlines. Singapore Airlines travel was Brisbane to Munich and Frankfurt to Brisbane, both of course, via Singapore. Both trips were 'busy' business trips where everything needed to be on time and hassle-free. Singapore Airlines exuded high quality personal service. Aircraft were spotless and cabins quiet, including on one sector (Singapore-Brisbane) when a number of babies turned up. Disappointing was the food and wine including the choices available. Emirates was far better in this category. Also, Singapore Airlines had no hot towels or printed menus. Maybe this was due to recent COVID issues but the comparison with Emirates was stark. Also Lounge access and quality was very poor. The Silver Kris Lounge in Singapore at midnight resembled a packed works canteen on a bad day. Boarding was quite chaotic at a number of places, especially at Frankfurt - which often seems to be the case for these Singapore Airlines A380 flights out of Frankfurt. Nevertheless, the quality of the cabin staff on all sectors was absolutely superb. Lets hope the quality of food and wine improves to how it once was.
  Business class in the longest commercial flight: Purchased tickets in February. SQ counter at EWR, opened what I thought was rather late, considering the Pandemic. Previously at JFK, FRA their counters opened earlier. Check in quick, efficient, and no stress. Virgin Atlantic Lounge was nice, however No alcohol at that early in the morning.  We boarded on time. Upon sitting was greeted, with my Surname, and welcomed aboard. My Rimowa case would not fit in any of the spaces, and had to be stowed overhead. Airborne and I had my lunch order taken. I had the Braised Shortribs. Constant, Infinite drink rounds during the flight, with my Surname used. Over Turkey, they served the second meal, I had the Thai Chicken, lots of flavor but seemed rather small.  I sent some texts to friends and proceeded to get a few hours sleep. Landed in Changi on time, with a speedy stop in Immigration, and my case was one of the first 10 out. I Have been flying with Singapore Airlines since 2008, will definitely continue to fly with them.
  Very disappointing service from SIA. Plane was dirty departing SIN and staff communication was poor. Staff were curt to the point of thinly veiled rudeness. Lots of room for improvement here.
  There were no welcome-drinks offered, no paper-menu available, no newspapers or magazines offered, Slippers, eye-shades and socks on request.  No tooth-brush- or shaving-kits in the washrooms, instead on request an amenity-kit containing a tooth-brush-set and a pair of socks. The quality and quantity of food is lowered significantly, with cold food items covered by plastic. The cheese plate is pre-packed with 2 tiny choices. I was lucky to get as a Solitaire PPS member a second one. There was not even a slice of lemon for a good glass of tea or a simple Gin Tonic available. Wines are  offered based on red or white. Only after request, the bottles are shown. Yet, any description of the taste and the drinking experience is – thanks to the no menu. Same for food: no chance to enhancing your appetite by looking at the menu upfront, no chance to check quickly what kind of food you are enjoying right now because you need to open the digital menu – which means you have to pause the movie you are watching, search for the meal menu to finally get to the description of dishes - I did not manage to find it. No pralines are offered after the main meal anymore. No Grand Marnier Cordon Rouge available any more. No hot towels to refresh after boarding, after the meal or sleep. Chocolate (e.g. Ferrero Rocher before) on the snack-selection was replaced by cheap no-name cookies, which comes in a see-through plastic-container. The silver-kris-magazine available online only. The internet-connectivity was poor on this flight and did not work for more than 50% of the flight-time.  Significant lower services and amenities for a significantly higher price.
 We had a very unpleasant experience with Singapore Airlines. We have originally purchased our ticket to India from Auckland to Delhi and from Delhi to Auckland via Melbourne, leaving on the 9th of April and coming back on the 24th of April. We have received an email on 11th of February that our flight SQ4235 has been cancelled from Melbourne to Auckland. We have contacted the call centre and tried to rebook our flight. We choose the option of rebooking on 31st of May from Delhi to Auckland via Singapore so we have less transfers, flight number SQ403 and SQ4281 operated by Air New Zealand. The call centre operator informed us that all the economy tickets were sold on those flights, so we have an option to purchase Premium Economy tickets by paying an extra $937.60 NZD. We were charged this amount on 6th of March. We were excited to come back to Auckland and for first time in our life in Premium Economy. Unfortunately, our excitement was totally crushed when we realized we can only board the plane in economy class upon check in online. We have tried to contact the call centre again but were unable to get hold on an operator 3 times (we totally understand the current circumstances). The Delhi Airport staff were lovely but were unable to upgrade our tickets. We don't mind Economy tickets as we normally would not upgrade our flights but, in this case, we had no other choice and were charged an extra amount for nothing. 
  Not recommended if you have food restriction. I requested many days via App and call before my flight SIN to LHR for gluten free and non-beef mean. However my requests were pending for both flights. The crew offered to serve me “Pasta with bread’ instead of gluten free meal. After feeding back to the airlines, there’s no response from them.
  5 star for flight attendants, always friendly and helpful. The A350 seats are thin and hard. Boarding process was very unorganised.  Quality of my food was terrible. SilverKris lounge at Changi airport was chaotic, impossible to find a seat.
  My recent flights with Singapore airlines were some of the worst travel experiences I have had. We have been unable to travel to New Zealand for almost 3 years due to the pandemic. As borders were finally open we booked flights with Singapore Airlines, which were more expensive than any other airline, thinking spending more money would be worth it after such a long wait .. how wrong were we! Our outbound flight, SQ 305 on 17 March 2022 from London to Singapore was delayed by 1 hour and 53 minutes, which led to us being unable to make our connection flight to Auckland, SQ 281 on 18 March 2022. They then had a technical fault also and the flight was further delayed, causing our missed connection time to Auckland. The staff onboard the plane had no idea what was going to happen, and even though most of the aircraft had connections to make, they gave us no information and were incredibly unhelpful. Once we arrived in Singapore, it was an even worse state of affairs. We were greeted by a makeshift desk with everyone scrambling to give out new tickets (there were literally hundreds of people with missed connections). We were told we had missed our flight, and the next connection was 14 hours away. No food vouchers, no hotel rooms offered. We were told all the airport hotels were booked, however we walked to and managed to get a room, at our own cost. The next flight was also packed, and even though my partner and I had paid extra money for seats together, the new plane was unable to accommodate this and we had to sit separately. My partner has food intolerances, and none of his meals was catered for on the next 10-hour-long flight. He was offered some crisps and that was all for the entire flight. We honestly could not believe how bad the whole journey had been and arrived in Auckland completely and utterly exhausted. A really bad start to a trip we had been looking forward to for such a long time. On our return flight, we luckily made our connection. I would say the meals and customer service have gone downhill and it did not feel like we were traveling on a premium airline. Since being home, we have complained to Singapore Airlines and asked for a refund/compensation for our outward flight and the hotel we had to pay for. However, they claim it is not their fault and is refusing any refunds. 
 Since COVID, Singapore Airlines service has been going down and prices going up, Phnom Penh to Paris which was approximately between 2800 and 3300$ is now around 5 to 6000$. They don't give any more amenity kits or we may have to ask? Also, they do not propose anymore any drinks like Champagne before taking off. The lounge quality is also not like before, I presume Covid is an excuse for everything but we are still paying the price so what? We should accept it I presume. The quality of the company service is clearly going down, I hope they will improve that for going back to their best but before reading that they are I will certainly try another company to see the difference.
  After spending a little more on the flight than intended after flying on this return journey with Singapore was happy I did as the overall experience was second to none. The check in at LHR was seamless even with the necessary Covid checks in place and being done efficiently by the check in staff. Boarding the plane I immediately became aware of the "Singapore girl" exceptional customer service the airline is known for. The food service was efficient and rapid and there was a wide selection of other snacks available with a fruit bowl also with crisps etc for during the flight. The flight to Manila was smooth, service was also great even in the smaller less crowded flight. The staff continued to deliver amazing professionalism and attention to detail. The attention to detail became very noticeable on the return flight from Singapore to London. After another comfortable and pro professional flight from Manila I boarded the flight to London and for reasons unknown, my booked seat hadn't been reserved.  I was one of the first on, as I prefer to also sit at the back of the plane, and I mentioned it to the cabin crew who immediately took me off the plane, against the flow of oncoming passengers (I was that guy and felt very embarrassed) took me to the ground staff who radioed to the gate to change my boarding pass to an aisle seat which they did without any fuss or questions asked. As I had now moved seats and there are only so many meals in the trolley to cater for the expected number of passengers in each specific areas on the plane, my moving now had to be factored in and to my surprise I overheard once cabin crew day to the other "Mr Taylor has moved from seat 67f to 46h". When I left the plane the cabin crew by the door said "Thank you for flying, See you again soon Mr Taylor" Overall Singapore airlines for me is hands down the best and aside from the ground team at Singapore airport the experience was amazing and I will definitely be booking my flights with them again. Hopefully to try out their world class business class.
  The airline refuses to refund my ticket for May 2022. The request to instead rebook my ticket if a refund is not possible was also never replied to. I had contacted the airlines on april 20th via their portal and have not received any answer until now. I had also called their customer service last week and had to wait 1 hour until someone picked up. The person that picked up was not helpful at all, putting me on hold for at least another 20 minutes in total. In the end my request to refund the ticket into credits or money or at least rebook the ticket in the same class for another date was not fulfilled. I was told I could expect another call from a manager in the same week which did not happen.
  I have flown SQ many times but I feel the standards are dropping. Contacting customer service was impossible. Call back takes about 3 working days. No issue with check in. Boarding as expected. The lounge in Singapore is very disappointing. Poor selection food, over crowded, reasonable service.  On flight service is ok, efficient but not warm. Seats are good but dated. Food above average but no welcome drink or towel. I was ignored during the long 13h flight unless you ask for help. Don’t get me wrong, SQ is still above average but losing ground fast. They need to buck up. Start by improving customer service, don’t keep us waiting for hours for a reply on CHAT.
  The check-in process at JFK was the worst check-in experience I've experienced. I was waiting for check-in for over 2 hours. The line just didn't move at all. The agent was extremely inefficient. I was one of the last customers to check in and it was about 30 minutes before the departure time. The counter agents was escorting a group of last-to-check-in customers to the security checkpoint so they could skip the line (we were late) and somehow I was the only one who left in the security line on my own. The service on board was terrible despite the high-regarded in-flight service that Singapore Airlines is usually known for. The service was so slow for a flight with only 160 customers.  I sat at one of the single seat toward the end of the aircraft and the steward kept bumping into me like I was sitting on the aisle. He didn't even apologize. My food was OK at best. The worst part was probably the lavatories. Truly disgusting, trash was everywhere on the floor. 
  My wife and I booked a ticket to Manila from London. A few weeks after we booked we received an e-mail that very clearly stated that we could upgrade to Business class and showed a price We jumped at it and booked. We got an email saying we were upgraded on the 2nd leg from Singapore to Manila. I called and was told we were not upgraded on the London Manila leg as Business class was full. I told the CS rep that we did not need Business class for a 3 hour flight and requested a refund, the lady went to ask her supervisor who then told us company policy was no refunds. We went from being a happy customer to a very unhappy one. The food was the same as all other airlines, nothing memorable. The in flight staff were great. We are disabled. Very average service. Much better on our usual carrier, Qatar Airways. We had a bad experience 7 years ago with SQ and swore never to fly them again. I wish we had kept to that decision. 
  The SQ system can almost never get mileage accrual nor ticket changes right. I have called them 29 times in the last 12 months and the contact number has an average waiting time of just over 1 hour.  I wasted so much time with them on the line. The service has been downgraded so much. Most amenities are gone. My food was of very low quality and Book the chef is mostly not available (even if they claim they are on the website).
  I just had the worst experience at Paris CDG Airport. Their baggage weight policies are insane.  I was in Nairobi then Paris coming from NY. Decided to extend through Singapore heading to Hanoi. I have been allowed 50lbs (about 23kgs) by every airline but Singapore Airlines only allow 30 kgs total and they tried to charge me $700 for about 16 extra kgs. I ended up arguing with them and took some stuff out of my and stuck it in my jacket and carry on. 
  Onboard service, food, seats, and entertainment are good. Sudden and unreasonable pricing policy changes? Totally annoying. During corona, SQ sold Economy (lite/value/standard) Vaccinated Travel Lane (VTL) tickets with certain terms and conditions for each class. Economy Lite offered what I needed: (1) lowest fare, (2) 25kg check in, (3) ability to change parts of the trip (before use) without additional fees, if whole return ticket price was similar/cheaper as original ticket. Changing ticket worked fine, and made me very happy with my purchase. However, since travel restrictions in Singapore have been relaxed, SQ has changed their pricing policies without notice (as in their small letters). Now they charge you unreasonable for a ticket price change: (1) Flight leg you want to change, (2) Look at one-way ticket prices for that leg of your trip (rather than whole ticket prices, as before), (3) your full trip fare that you paid, is then deducted from the one-way ticket price (which is often double that of a new return ticket on similar dates), (4) you're asked to pay the remaining difference in order to change your ticket. 
  There was no water or juice served for one and half hours which was ridiculous. Food serving was chaotic as crew moving back wards and forwards in a disorganised fashion. We ordered Hindu non veg meal and ordered meal were missing from the cabin crew list. Quantity of my food was horrific. Service was all over the place and chaotic. When I questioned they said there are 30 kids travelling on a full flight. 
  The aircraft and the crew are so nice. People are helpful and very kind. But the customer service is honestly the worst I've ever seen. Impossible to change my booking online. I was in Thailand impossible to contact them. They do not answer mails or phone. I would never fly again with them.
  Flew today 5th April 2022 on the 1500  flight and the cabin crew were more than fantastic! They were very kind, helpful and caring. I would definitely travel with them again as this was one of the best experiences I've had. Well done SQ and keep up the good work!
  My wife and me were on our holiday trip to USA and taken SQ32 on 31/3 in SIA business Class seat 15D & F. We are happy with the check in and boarding. It was very smooth although there were COVID 19 documents to verify. Crew on board was cheerful and helpful. The soup does not taste peppery at all. This need to improve as Singaporeans will not like this. I had chicken rice and the rice was super nice with the chillie. The chicken could have been better with abit more flavour. The appetizers (salmons & prawns) were nice. Like the cheese and biscuits as well. When we were ask which red wine we would like to have, I’ve chosen the Barrosa red wine because I am familiar with it. At the initial stage suggest that the stewardess could have just recommend one of them since I was indecisive on which red wine to choose from. When I asked about any arrival and custom forms to fill in. A few of the steward and stewardess told us it is now done online but when we arrived the SFO ground staff told us there is no requirement for now to fill out any forms. SIA need to update their cabin crew about this as this was a bit of worry for me as I have not been to USA for 10 years.  Not the cabin crew’s fault for this. Overall the cabin crew team on board were cheerful and helpful. We totally enjoy the flight in business class especially my wife as this is her first time in business class and she enjoy the new business class seat a lot as she was I totally worried that she could not sleep but the food down seat converted to bed was comfortable for her to sleep in. 
 MAN-SIN-SYD-SIN-MAN earlier this month was my first long-haul flights since before the pandemic. I’ve always loved Singapore Airlines, and I still do. Generally, a very friendly service, although I felt that the cabin crew on the MAN-SIN leg were a bit less so. I wondered if this might be due to travel fatigue after laying over from IAH on the fourth of four sectors. In-flight catering was my big issue with SQ on this trip. The flight time from MAN-SIN-MAN is longer due to the war in Ukraine and Russian airspace being closed - I reckon at least two hours more. I was a bit frustrated that the two meals were on opposite ends of that 14 hours. The lack of a printed menu (due to Covid - which I couldn’t understand as these have always been printed and distributed fresh anyway) meant that half way through the first 14 hours I actually paid for a bit of internet access, so I could see what refreshments were on offer (it was supposed to be free to do this, but I couldn’t work it out - although in hindsight, I should have just asked!). I was so hungry - the meals, refreshment and alcohol servings were just way too small. Entertainment is great, and the upgrade IFE since I last flew SQ a while back was nice. Seating in Economy is good (always nice to have three of four legs with a free seat next to me), although one the A380 the seat angle was very far back - some people like that, I didn’t. While not quite the uber luxurious SQ of days gone by, I still think they are a great airline. Just fix up the catering, especially.
  A350 from Melbourne to Singapore was in regional configuration and unsuitable for a nearly 8 hour flight. My seat was hard and there are too many in the business class section. Food served to me was in microscopic proportions and there was no drink on boarding. I waited 90 mins for first refreshment. A380 upper deck has many business class seats, some of the windows are obscured, my seat was rock hard though it was bigger and with more storage than previous flight. Long delay to my getting refreshments. Long delay to serving food. I got the impression that there are too many business class seats on the A380 for good service to be possible. In transit at Changi the Krisflyer lounge was packed with nowhere to sit and overheated.
  Singapore to Male, no inflight entertainment or even music. No towels, no appetiser and no choice of meal. Coffee/tea was not offered to me. After takeoff 1 toilet was locked for the entire flight until before landing. That usable toilet was filthy after an hour. When booking this route there are 2 flights a day both the same price but the night flight is operated by the A350 which has inflight entertainment. The day flight i took did not. Why the difference when the ticket price is the same? The website should prompt the user that this flight has no entertainment. No smiles no friendliness. Whatever happened to the Singapore Girl and A Great Way To Fly?
 First time on SQ business for a very long time so we were excited to see what it was like especially during COVID. Compared to the Qatar the hard product is not as good especially the Q suite. The book the cook worked well with course by course service with the chicken satay as amuse bush. Meal was excellent by any standard as was the service. Where they went above and beyond was when my 2 year old son was feeling unwell, they assisted more than I would ever have hoped for. Flight was a bit more turbulent than normal due to the different route to avoid Russia and the Ukraine. The flight landed late due to a headwind. Luggage was out by the time we cleared immigration. Only downside was the lack of a touchscreen and selection of shows was not as good as I remembered.
  I flew from Bangkok to Melbourne via Singapore. Singapore to Melbourne flight, SQ237. Seated in 63H, towards the back. The flight was full, the first day the Australian border was open. The boarding procedure at Changi Airport Terminal 3. Users of Changi will know the security for flights at Changi is typically at the individual Departure Gate. Unlike at other airports where it tends to be before entering the Terminal. At Terminal 3 they've decided to do all the security for 4 gates, you are then in this little pig pen with 3 other flights, potentially 1500 people, it's not big enough. The lines for the different flights cross each other, and there is little by way of organisation. No one seemed to be in charge, when I politely mentioned it didn't seem very organised I was met with a blank stare. I didn't expect this at Changi Airport. A cheerful and informative crew, attentive to people's needs, even in Economy. The plane interior is pleasant, it was clean. The inflight entertainment was all right. OK, the food. Flight was at 00:30 hours, so there was no dinner, shortly after takeoff we went to lights out, with breakfast to be served 3 hours out of Melbourne. Meanwhile the hostesses came round on a regular basis with glasses of water. Breakfast arrived, lightly cooked sausages, scrambled egg, beans, and some nasty pasta tomato sauce, that smells of capsicum. The egg seemed to consist of only yoke, a small spoonful was enough to confirm it wasn't fit for consumption. I'm a keen airline food eater, I enjoy the tray format, and I'm not too fussy, but this was inedible. I complained and asked for the alternative, vermicelli noodles with some stir fried chicken. It wasn't great, too much vermicelli and not enough sauce, but it was adequate. An hour or so later, a senior hostess came and chatted with me, and asked me what was wrong, I described the egg, she said someone else had also complained, I thanked her for asking me. I had an extremely good Nasi Lemak going up to Bangkok from Singapore on January 8th with Scoot, so the Changi kitchens can produce good food, and needless to say Singapore is famous for its food. Please SQ, don't serve food which doesn't pass muster. At 5am Singapore Time most of us would be quite happy with a Continental breakfast. A roll, a croissant, jam and butter, a bit of pineapple, a yoghurt. Early days, we are all finding our feet. Like a lot of SQ travellers I am fond of the airline, and look forward to them hitting their stride soon.t
  The check in was excellent given the fact it was during the pandemic. Took off on time. The movies need to be updated more frequently. My food was a let down and portions are very small. From Singapore to Sydney ( 8+ hours) we were given one meal which included a rice noodles with seafood, ice cream and a bread roll. No salad or cheese and crackers. No pre arrival meal was given. No hot towels on both flights and my wifi never worked. However the staff were very polite and courteous. 
  I booked to go to Thailand on the 16/12/21 From Manchester but my wife had a positive covid test so we couldn't fly. I have been trying to get in touch with Singapore Airlines but I am just being ignored. Tried phoning the help line but gave up after 1 3/4 hours. I booked directly with the airline in case something like this happened but it hasn't made any difference.
  We flew coach class from SFO to Bangkok in November 2021. We found that Singapore Airlines was not the airline of old. It used to be the best airline in Asia. No more. The seating was cramped, not on par with other competitor airlines such as ANA, and certainly no better than EVA or Cathay Pacific. They canceled our connecting flight on their subsidiary airline, Scoot, booked through Singapore Air, from Phuket to Singapore on the return leg. We were notified by email just 16 days before the scheduled flight. We were informed that we had to now fly out of Bangkok to Singapore, not Phuket, and we had to re-book through Singapore Air, not Scoot, and had to telephone a customer service agent to do so. This meant a total revision of our itinerary and losing the non-refundable tickets we had already purchased for flights in Thailand. We spent a total of 4 hours on hold attempting, without success, to reach an agent. We called both the Bangkok and Singapore offices to no avail. We even had a travel agent call for us on the agent's line. She gave up after 1/2 hour on hold. We tried email. They told us they would get back to us in 7-14 days. We had gone to both the Phuket and Bangkok airport Singapore Air offices but both were closed. We gave up and flew ANA home. They answer their phones. When we returned we found that all they would refund were the taxes. Sent a letter by post to the corporate headquarters. One month later no response, not even an acknowledgment of receipt.
  I've got to say that my experience flying Melbourne – Singapore and Singapore – Melbourne have completely turned me off Singapore Airlines. Their new fit outs of their A350s have reduced the seat pitch and the seats are a step back in quality. The cushioning is very thin and hard which is uncomfortable and the seats themselves are poorly constructed. The seat in front of me would buckle and bend every time the average size person in it moved which meant my knees copped a pounding given they were crammed up against the seat because of the reduction in space.  These new seats negate SIA from being a feasible selection as an airline for me. Thankfully the plane from Singapore to Manchester had not suffered the same upgrade and was a reminder of how bad the Melbourne – Singapore update is.  The meals were also underwhelming compared to pre-pandemic with very basic options and accompaniments. It took them 3 hours after take off to provide food and remove the trays due to having only one trolley cart servicing each aisle in the economy cabin. The whole experience very much smacked of an airline that has been taken over by bean-counters and they are cutting costs at every turn possible with cramming more people on the plane and providing less food and staff, and ultimately an experience that is a shade of SIA's glory days pre-pandemic.
  Quality of food and beverage has dropped off significantly compared to usual business class offering.  Only 1 meal was served on the flight and we were asked to choose whether to have it as dinner upon departure or breakfast prior to arrival. The meal was very average. In the morning they didn't even have yoghurt or cereal to offer to the kids. Both children, age 3 and 5, were in BC also. Very disappointing for an airline of such calibre.
  Trying to contact them by the call center is a nightmare with a lack of customer service and inefficient. The seats on this aircraft were the new regional business class seats which are not bad. The IFE is also good and we had 100MB free wifi which was nice. The crew were good. However, the food was an utter disaster. For a 7 hour flight, we were given 1 miserable meal which was rubbery eggs and mashed-up vegetables. Book the cook was not functioning on this sector so we had no other choice. No welcome drink either. Standards have gone down drastically from many aspects.
  The boarding went on very smooth. The seat was very comfortable and had enough legroom. I was really disappointed with the meals. I chose the lemon chicken with fried rice. It was a very small portion. No salad was offered. The bread roll was in plastic packet cold and dry. The chocolate cake for dessert was okay. Usually flights between the east coast of Australia and Asia they offer a main meal and a pre arrival meal but on this trip no pre arrival meal was given. I feel like SQ is trying to save money by doing this. The IFE was good. Overall I won't be flying with them in the future. 
  We booked return flights from London to Singapore with a guarantee of unlimited complimentary changes. Due to COVID we could not travel in Nov 2021 and want to move the flight to Oct 2022. Online, it is impossible to move the flight to any date later than 12 months from the date that the booking was made. Calling Customer Service is tortuous! My partner has made three calls. Each time she has waited approximately two hours to speak to an agent. Each time she has been told that they have to make the change manually but then when the agent tries to action the change, they are unable to do so, refer to a manager and then promise to call back. They don't call back. This is totally unacceptable! On the latest call, my partner asked to speak to somebody more senior than the agent she had been speaking to. In the process of transferring the call, she was cut off. Nobody has called back.  My partner is not so stressed and upset about this matter that I have taken over dealing with the airline. We don't have time to waste on the phone trying to resolve this.  A five-star airline needs to treat it's customers with respect from the day of booking until the end of the flight. It's not all about the flight and service (or lack of it) prior to the day of travel needs to form part of an airline's overall score. Singapore Airlines are not worthy of your award at the moment.
  I had to cancel my flight due to suddenly tightened quarantine requirement set by Hong Kong government, from 14 days to 21 days. Upon my return and have to pay by myself. I wrote an email to the customer service to request for a refund, they got back to me under 3 days by a personal phone call. Although the condition of my ticket was non refundable, they were so kind to refund me fully. It was processed immediately, with an email to confirm as well it. Such kindness and consideration during this difficult period for traveling is much appreciated. So glad to have been a loyal customer to this airline (I'm a Gold Kris flyer). I do hope to fly again with them when the situation improved.
  The flight was booked at a time when the Covid situation was still looking better and the chance to be be able to leave Changi airport during a long layover looked good. That face with Singapore Airlines flexibility claim of change of flights on their website, made me booking a flight with a 16h layover. Unfortunately, things were not looking good about a month ago, and I tried to change my flights to a short layover. I tried to contact SQ via its change of flight form for Covid related reasons through their website. 5 requests over the span of a month remain unanswered till today, complaint emails were also not replied to. I also tried to contact SQ through their callcenter, was placed in a loop for hours. After getting through after days of trying, I was told that there were seats available for the same booking class and I would be informed once the the ticket would be re-issued. So far so good. An hour later I was called, saying that this „special fare ticket“ can only be changed if if I pay this and that in addition, which ended up to a ridiculous amount, and I declined. So I was back to square and had to endure a 16h stay at Changi airport. SQ does not honor their claim of ticket flexibility. Other carrier I flew during the pandemic were willing honor their flexibility claims. The flights themselves were rather unremarkable, not as polished as Qatar, with no dining on demand offered. Food was average to say the least. No touchscreen TV and average seat on the really noisy 777ER on the long flight. Overall due to the non existing customer service on the ground, not recommended
  Due to the pandemic, it has been two years since I boarded a flight. When the opportunity arose to travel to Germany under the vaccinated travel lane (VTL) scheme, I booked a round trip to Frankfurt. The business class product still retained its high quality in terms of attentive service from the cabin crew. I had ordered my meals from book the cook option and lunch was promptly served shortly after take off. Being a day flight, the cabin crew came around to convert the seats to bed mode. I managed to get some good sleep until dinner was served some 3 hours prior to landing. In terms of hardware, gone were the physical menus. Instead, an online menu was available. Pre-departure drinks were no longer being served to avoid unnecessary contact with passengers. However, meals were still served course by course like pre-pandemic times. Overall, SQ’s business class product has maintained its quality despite the pandemic. It is still a great way to fly.
  I was flying in the worst of times as Omircon had just been detected, yet despite all the restrictions and requirements to fly to Indonesia, Singapore Airlines on its own was not a good choice for a long flight. I had flown SA for many short hauls in Asia, but the discomfort on this trip was due to the routing, the business class set-up, the time in which this route took off, and the poor communication that is truly what SA seems to thrive on, the latter being years of frustration with flying with them; One can never get a person to speak with whether in Asia, NYC or LA. I had over 400K miles therefore I was getting award tickets, in business class, which I have flown for over 40 years consistently. The only ticket available for mileage went through Frankfurt, which meant I had to leave the plane (after 6 hours, middle of the night, but too early in Europe to have any of the lounges open), go through transit and feel like a zombie. (thank you Canada Air for being open and having showers!) But let's talk about the poor design of business class and lack of comfort. These were not staggered seating, so there was no privacy, the "bed" could not be done by mere mortals pushing buttons, its construction was convoluted and byzantine, such that an attendant had to physically configure the flat bed and mattress etc. So uncomfortable, as one had to contort oneself to actual fit the length. In the staggered layouts they are already at an angle. Any other flat bed can easily go from seat to bed with button pushing. I have flown to Asia and back from the USA no less than 50-60 times in the last decade and the choices of airlines with better routes and greater comfort, such as JAL, Qatar, Cathay and years ago even Malaysia Air. I don't understand why this airline gets such high marks? I know their agenda: to extend their reach and become a premier European carrier. I will continue to fly SA in Asia for very short hauls, but if I decide to go to Vietnam after many months in delightful Indonesia, it will not be on SA. I have other qualms, but let's face it, flying during this particular phase of the pandemic, with non-stop testing, non-stop mask wearing, abbreviated services, and less perks were not enough to make me stop traveling, but I thought, "Well, I am in good hands". The flying itself was lovely, (that was 21 hours, not counting stops in Frankfurt + Singapore). Good Grief! I have my return ticket on the same route in 5 months; I'll need my strength to just find out if there will be any other choice. (there wasn't in October).
 SQ25, JFK-FRA, in Business. Check in Counter, did not know how to put a Final Destination on my luggage, and instead insisted that it go to FRA, and get rechecked in. Finally a supervisor came over, and showed them how to put my luggage through. Virgin Lounge was nice and comfortable, although few available meal options. Boarding was fast easy, crew came around to take orders, and offer me a blanket. Slim menu choices, with no Don Perignon, but as we are in COVID, I accepted what was offered. Seat was extremely spacious, and comfortable. IFE was a disaster. I have been flying with Singapore Airlines since 2008, and 24 November's Flight was a appallingly horrific turnaround from what I've previously experienced. Difficult to use as well. Landed in FRA, and proceeded to next flight. Can't wait to fly Singapore Airlines Business Class again, but on a longer route, and hopefully out of COVID.
  
FRA to JFK, still a good and safe airline but massive cut downs and not perfect any more.  On the first leg one one hand a very nice and helpful crew which was on the other hand not very visible for customers in a very empty plane, only when you asked for something the helped you, then however very friendly. No welcome drink, No amenity kit provided, on both legs. No menus. The flight attendant explained they had only lamb stew or pork belly to offer for dinner. I can eat lamb and I did, but I know many people do not like lamb neither would eat pork; the meal was oK, but definitely not Business Class quality. No vegetarian option. Same thing on the flight back JFK to FRA, only 2 options. On the flight back the crew was more visible. The seats in Business Class are not so comfy as expected but still very good giving you a lot of privacy compared with Lufthansa Business Class. Good entertainment with good classical selection (I am a fan of classical music)
  I paid $7200 for a first / business class ticket and their website is too buggy to handle date changes. I just get the error, "Due to a technical error, we cannot issue your tickets right now. Your credit/debit card hasn’t been charged, although the amount has been put on hold on your card. We’ve requested for your bank to release the hold, which is expected to be processed in a few days. Our reservations office will be in touch with you soon to assist with your booking. For urgent assistance, get in touch with your local Singapore Airlines office. We apologise for the inconvenience". Their phone service and on-line chat puts you on-hold indefinitely making it impossible to change dates that way. If this isn't resolved before my flight I will need to be a no-show as I have no way of changing/cancelling my flights.
  I fear for the future of airline travel when airlines appear to use the excuse of covid19 to reduce both the level and quality of service, especially for an airline previously renowned for its 1st class operation like Singapore Airlines. I was bitterly disappointed in my recent flying experience with them; from poor quality food to reduced service levels. The crew was still wonderful, but that can't make up for the overall feeling I was left with. Forget your business class comfort pack (in my view, covid19 is not a reasonable excuse for why this has been dropped), you now need to take your own eye patches/earplugs to be able to sleep if you are prone to light/sound. Instead, you'll receive a covid19 kit so you can clean your own cabin area. Meals were of such poor quality that I wished I had brought my own sandwiches. No menus are available so you have to try and listen to rather badly-pronounced meal choices to make your selection. I chose chicken and rice which turned out to be bland and gristly, with practically uncooked chicken skin (see photos). Apparently, the different meal choice of the passenger to my left did not go down well as they also left theirs untouched. My breakfast choice; scrambled eggs and sausage were served practically cold. Excessive amounts of plastic being used in meal preparation is also very disappointing in a world trying on the whole to reduce plastic. This is hands-down the worst experience in business class that I have ever experienced and was compounded by the overly-officious ground staff yelling at us (in hazmat-like suits) to walk in single file as we were marched to a 'holding area' rather than a business class lounge. In this holding area, not even water was on offer. Other lines of passengers transiting on different flights were ordered to stand against the wall whilst our group passed by. My very strong advice, whilst covid19 continues to plague travel, is don't transit through Singapore or use Singapore Airlines. 
  I booked a round-trip ticket on Singapore Airlines. The company touted customers' ability to change their flights for free, even being able to change a flight for free and having one free change after September 30, which would allow them to delay their flight well into 2022. I was able to easily change the flight until mid-September. After that point, I wasn't allowed to change it online and needed to call in which required over 1 hour of waiting. In September I could have changed my return flight to far into the future. In fact, the return leg of my flight was 2 months and 1 day after the initial flight. When I called in to push my flight date back, the customer service agent said I must upgrade my flight to rebook and that there was a minimum required stay of 2 months, meaning I couldn't have a the return leg of the flight more than two months after the initial one. First of all, my return flight was already more than 2 months later and before they restricted online flight changes, I could have changed my flight to much later dates.  The agent also told me the flight change would cost over 900 USD, more than the original round-trip ticket. I requested to speak to a manager. She denied my request and said she would talk to her team. After 30 minutes of being on hold, she said I could book my flight a maximum of one month past the current return date. This was not part of the agreement when I originally booked the flight. Now, however, I didn't need to upgrade the flight for some reason, but the change would cost 490 USD. Booking a one-way ticket at that time cost 497 USD. The agent explained that the difference was in the price of the flight. Nothing she said made sense.  I am about as likely to trust Singapore Airlines again as I am to fly with them.
  Check in, security check at Frankfurt airport were conducted fast and efficient. Food and drink choice at LH Senator lounge limited due to Covid restrictions. Boarding of this empty 12h flight organized and uneventful. No pre departure drink offered, only after I’ve asked twice. No menus handed out, no Book the Cook online order of meals offered. The meals on offer were basically Economy meals served on China instead of plastic. The flight attendant was not able to tell me what types of wine were available. She even tried to convince me that a Chablis is a red wine. Everything was served on one tray. All those service shortcomings were explained as "hygienic precautions". The seat is very wide, but it’s hard to find a comfy seating position, and padding was insufficient. What really made me upset was the all nigh chit-chatting of the staff in the pantry. I know it was a long empty night flight, but please do not rob me of my sleep. This was not the first time I’ve experienced this on SQ. Transfer in Changi was chaotic, with passengers of each connecting flight being herded in long lines (nobody cared about social distancing here) before being escorted to their next flight. I’ve been on a long haul Qatar Airways flight a couple of weeks ago, and there was no compromise in services, and the staff was disciplined as always during the night flight. I was disappointed with my SQ flights after I have not been flying them for some time. I think some of their competitors are already ahead of them; so it’s high time for SQ to pull up their socks.
  I've never had a more frustrating experience trying to book a flight .. website saying unable to proceed, customer service tell me to keep trying different flights until one works. Then several credit cards declined. Customer service tell me to send an email, they say they'll call me back .. never do. Absolute frustrating mess!
  Excellent flights, and the staff were outstanding. Both flights were very empty, which added to the comfort level - I had an entire row to myself, and most rows around me were empty too. Nonetheless, it would have still been comfortable even if full - seats were spacious, with excellent legroom, and plenty of storage space in the seatback. The IFE was good - a varied selection of movies and TV shows, and the screen was large and high quality. Meals were all good - in particular the fried carrot cake was one of the best economy class meals I've eaten! My only gripe would be that there was no alcohol service beyond what came with the meals: usually they would do a drinks run before meals, and then offer top-ups during the meal service. This time the only drinks were offered with the meal. I suspect this may be due to Covid-19, in order to minimise interaction: it wasn't a problem, as crew were always responsive to my requests. What really made the flight were the crew: they were so friendly, attentive, warm and welcoming. This must be a difficult time for them to work, yet they were all wonderful. Additionally, I felt the Covid-19 prevention measures were good and well enforced.
  We have flown with many airlines on various routes worldwide and this was the first time I have flown with Singapore Airlines since having children. The whole experience was second to none, absolutely fantastic. The flight from London was packed and yet the staff were VERY attentive, helpful and friendly. Nothing was too much to ask. On a much quieter flight from Singapore to New Zealand the staff were just as fantastic. Staff always make or break the experience but the staff on these flights were fantastic and an asset to Singapore air. Thank you for such a great experience. With all the covid regulations, the transfer was seamless, with a great area for the children to lay during our layover. Changi airport was a good experience even with most of it closed! We will be flying with you again! 
 I paid the high price and full fare for the First-Class ticket and was refunded only 29% of the full fare without giving the passenger a chance to confirm/consent to the refund amount. Very poor customer service and communication. March 23, 2020: SQ emailed me that my flight was cancelled due to Covid-19 situation. April 5: I wrote back "I would like to get a refund for my ticket. Pls revert." My intention was to ask what was the refund amount and was expecting them to revert. April 7: No response from SQ. April 14: SQ refunded the ticket without confirming the amount. As a First-Class passenger and there are only 4 first class seats in the flight to LAX, SQ could, in the very least, confirm with me the refund amount and obtain my consent before refund. And after I disputed the refund amount as being unreasonably low (not enough for me to buy another one-way first-class ticket back), they should have the courtesy to handle the communication with the customer better and in a more timely manner. So, I have requested for a reinstatement of my ticket instead of the refund on by emailing and calling customer service of SQ on June 5 and got a reply on June 30 that still under investigation. Current status as of Aug 20, it has been one and a half months and still no reply from SQ.
  Inflating fares to rip off passengers during covid. My flight for December 2020 has been cancelled but SIA are offering a voucher for the fare already paid plus £40 to be used to make a new reservation costing anything from £300 - £1,00 extra on top of what I’d already paid. I’m really surprised Singapore Airlines are profiteering from loyal passengers in this way. Surely as one of the leading airlines in the world they should be offering to reschedule flights when there is availability but at no additional fare difference cost. I enjoy the service they provide but I don’t like being taken advantage of / ripped off and I will remember this smoke & mirrors con trick the next time I book a flight.
  Disappointed with Singapore Airlines. Melbourne to Singapore flight was good. There were many passengers in the plane but at least we were one seat apart. Some even had the whole row just for themselves which gave them more space from others. But the transit flight, Singapore to Manila, was unacceptable, it was jam packed and most of us were given seats alongside others whom we did not know. In a 3-seat row, they made us occupy all 3 seats hence, social distancing protocol was not followed when they should have been more careful. We asked the flight attendant he told us we were wearing a face mask and face shield so it should be okay. Please note that ratings below are only based on our flight from Singapore.
  This was my first time flying on Singapore Airlines, and unlikely to be my last. The service was pretty straightforward: efficient, smooth, procedural, orderly, helpful. I would say that they're more efficient than friendly, though. Singapore check-in and gate staff at Changi were quite pleasant and friendly, but on-flight staff were neither rude nor friendly. Hey, I'm fine with professionalism, as long as it's not done in a curt or rude way (I'm looking at you, most North American airlines!) Check-in at Changi, an automated breeze done in the new Jewel section. The plane and lavatories were clean. The meal was pretty good for economy class, and entertainment options were just fine for a 3.5-hour flight. Most importantly, our flight arrived into a very quiet Hong Kong Airport early. Overall, I was pleased.
  Because the travel office where I bought the ticket turned insolvent, Singapore Airlines declared all issued tickets of them as invalid. This is why I had to buy a new and very expensive ticket at Changi Airport directly by Singapore Airlines. Singapore Airlines however did not inform me about the cancellation of the plane ticket, nor did the check-in hotline inform me about the current situation. I am more than dissatisfied because they decline any responsibility and the information provided by the complaints office does not answer the questions at all.
 I am very disappointed with Singapore Airlines (SQ) which claims to be the World’s Best Airline. Paid the high price and full fare for the First-Class ticket and was refunded only 29% of the full fare without giving the passenger a chance to confirm/consent to the refund amount. Very poor customer service and communication. March 23, 2020: SQ emailed me that my flight was cancelled due to Covid-19 situation. April 5: I wrote back "I would like to get a refund for my ticket. Pls revert." My intention was to ask what was the refund amount and was expecting them to revert. April 7: No response from SQ so wrote asking a few questions about the refund process. April 14: SQ unilaterally refunded the ticket without confirming the amount. As a First-Class passenger and there are only 4 first class seats on the flight to LAX, SQ could, in the very least, confirm with me the refund amount and obtain my consent before refund. And after I disputed the refund amount as being unreasonably low (not enough for me to buy another one-way first-class ticket back), they should have the courtesy to handle the communication with the customer better and in a more timely manner. So, I have requested for a reinstatement of my ticket instead of the refund on by emailing and calling customer service of SQ on June 5 and got a reply on June 30 that still under investigation. Current status as of Aug 20, it has been one and a half months and still no reply from SQ. 
 We have yet to fly with Singapore Airlines and it doesn't look like we will in the foreseeable future. I just wanted to thank Singapore Airlines for the speed with which they have contacted us to cancel our flight. We look forward to travelling with you in the future.
  Sao Paulo to Dublin via Munich on Lufthansa booked with Singapore Airlines redemption miles. A refund was agreed upon 3 months ago. The airline is ignoring requests for a date when the tax refund will be paid. 
  In light of the lockdown in many countries in March including my own (UK) which sparked a lot of flight cancellations, I decided to request a cash refund from Singapore Airlines via my travel agent and then through them direct from the start of April. For the initial weeks they were telling me that a cash refund could not be offered and I could only re-book or be offered credit towards booking another flight. After three weeks they then decided to officially cancel my flight (due to take off in early May) and agreed to process a refund. It has now been three months since I initially requested a cash refund via my travel agent and there appears to have been no movement from the airline.  I have received time dated copies from my travel agent getting in contact with Singapore Airlines in early April and they have received no communication from the airline has been received thus far despite me being told by an advisor at the airline confirming that they had been in touch with the travel agent to issue the refund, this was around a month ago. 
  Osaka Kansai to Singapore. There weren't many people on the flight, the check was smooth, no queue. As well as you can tell on how many people were waiting in the boarding room. Funny story the airline website indicate the plane were full where you can't select another economy seats, and pushes you choose at the end of the tail close to lavatory. Even when you're boarded the plane when clearly no people, they weren't let you sit on the same economy coach that were empty. I have to asked 3 times to asked them to move my seat (where less than 50 people on that flight) in such a big plane, which eventually they did it. Nonetheless I still enjoyed this midnight flight and had the whole row for myself.
  Bali Denpasar to Tokyo Narita via Singapore. I was looking forward to flight with SQ after a while. Although the current situation due to global pandemic got me bit worried to kept flying for this holiday. Since it wasn't a cancelled flight/ route, I decided to carry on. The flight for DPS-SIN were rather full and I enjoyed their Boeing 787. It was a short flight and dinner were served during the flight was delightful. We had a quick layover in Singapore for my connecting flight to Tokyo with A380. I sat on lower deck and the plane was merely full. They gave us light meal before turndown service, however a mistake was made by the cabin crew as they gave me a wrong food that am allergic too (I've never requested). I got sick during the flight. They kept apologise to me and one of the senior crew came to approach. They offered me a doctor service upon arrival in Narita which I refused. I got slightly better, but it shouldn't be happen. Despite of the allergic reaction due to their service, overall I was still able to enjoy the trip. It was just hindering me to give them a perfect score.
  Singapore to Taipei in December 2019. The meal  was a seafood pasta. The pasta tasted fishy, lacked flavor and was almost soggy.  The service from the crew was top-quality, and the toilet was jam-packed with amenities which I really liked. The in-flight entertainment system has much to choose from and could easily keep you pre-occupied for the whole of the flight duration. Overall, the flight was very pleasant but the meal could’ve been much better.
  15th March I was meant to fly back to Sydney from Amsterdam. I was visiting family and friends and with COVID-19 I found it hard to leave. I was checked in but later that day read on the Singapore website that you weren't allowed to enter Singapore airport if you've been to Germany in the last 14 days. I did. I went through Germany for wintersport to Austria just beforey, so I cancelled my flight. I received 83 euros back (which hardly covers my flight) and I didn't have a choice of accepting that money or not. I just got it back. I tried to contact the airline many times about the situation and never got a reply. Now they're saying they can't help me because I already received 83 euro back for my cancellation. Whereas I know and should've had the right to receive flight credits instead for a flight back to Sydney. 
  Despicable handling of ticket refunds/flight credits. Purchased ticket through Ctrip in early March for an April departure. Conditions then were: free changes to itinerary. Itinerary was subsequently re-ticketed on Mar 16 due to evolving situation. Departure postponed to May. Now they want to give neither a refund nor flight credits, available to customers who had booked prior to Mar 15, because my ticket was re-issued literally minutes after 0000 hrs, 16 March. I am told again and again to wait. As for what, I am not sure. In the meantime, the route has been canceled for the month of May and Ctrip has not contacted me about my itin.
  Osaka to Bangkok via Singapore booked for March 20th. Singapore Airlines does not give you full refunds or vouchers should they decide. In my case they stated that they have adopted a new travel restriction earlier than the Thailand government required and, thus, would have to seek some other transport. Today 03.04 they also confirmed a hefty cancellation/no-show fee would be deduced. 
  Da Nang to Perth via Singapore. Had to bring my flights home forward by 2 days due to border shutdowns and Government advice re corona virus. Charged me an extra $520AUD to do so despite having a far longer layover in Singapore. Claim that there is no rebooking charge, but there was a fare difference.
  Due to the corona virus out break we decided to travel home 6 days early out of a 28 day holiday in Penang, we contacted SIA regarding a change to our flight who informed us we would have to pay 1350RM per person a total of 2700RM. After booking the flight we received an email saying the flight was cancelled with no explanation other than to ring one of there offices in Penang or KL this was at 18.15 there offices close at 17.30. I feel that Singapore Airlines are taking advantage of passengers trying to return home how can they justify charging customers for wanting to return home early. My opinion is 2700RM was an exorbitant price to have pay for a change to flights tickets also the both flights had spare seats when we boarded the flights. We will be returning to Penang when this crises is over but as frequent flyers on Singapore Airlines we will be looking at other airlines.
  Manila to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore. I was so happy that I can use In-flight Entertainment System, unlike Cebu Pacific, doesn't have it. Also foods, no need to pay, it is free.  On our connecting flight, we almost missed the plane for Singapore to Manila. Running and running, after we landed at Singapore from Kuala Lumpur of SilkAir. It's a little bit delay of Silk Air Kuala Lumpur to Singapore. We thank God that we still catch up the flight! I recommend Singapore Airlines!
  Melbourne to Koh Samui via Singapore. Our flights home were cancelled via email a week ago. Supposed to be flying home today. Email stated that we could get in touch via online form, which has taken days and hours to get to actually work. Email response said that they would get in touch shortly, so far nothing. Won't give refund so that we can source other options, only credit for future flights. Unreachable via phone. Can't log on to site at all now. Phone number states not in service. I understand they must be overwhelmed with queries, but feeling totally abandoned and just want a refund so I can find another way home. 
 My flight was canceled by Singapore Airlines due to Corona Virus. No transit in SIN possible anymore. They simply cancelled my flights and gave no helping hand to re-book etc. I am booked in Business Class. No refund was granted, only to keep the ticket open for one year. They informed me that if I re-booked to a later flight, a fare difference might appear and I would have to pay on top. This is unbelievable. First they deny any refund, which all other airlines grant, now I also have to pay on top if I re-book to another date. As a frequent traveler and Gold Card Member of Star Alliance, I never expected such behavior from SQ. I strongly suggest not to tolerate such a customer unfriendly style. For me and my company, SQ is not anymore in the traveling list. We will prefer LH/TG going to Europe, and to the US. I am very sorry to write these lines, but other fellow travelers should be aware. By the way the way to get an answer from SQ might take 15-20 days.
 Melbourne to Singapore. This was our first time flying Premium Economy and my expectation was for Singapore Airlines was to provide an exceptional experience. Firstly the boarding in Melbourne was good, the ground and cabin crew were friendly and efficient. Plenty of legroom and nice comfortable seats. Noise-cancelling headphones were supplied although my wife had to ask for them as they weren't at her seat. The back of the seat in front was a bit grubby and I used an antiseptic wipe to clean it, there were some other grubby bits around the armrest and tray table. Champagne was offered and gratefully accepted. The meal service was prompt although it was just an economy meal. I was hoping for something a little better as I paid double the economy ticket price. Wine was offered however only one red and one white, I don't like Sauvignon Blanc and that was the only white. I did ask the flight attendant for a Chardonnay and she was very obliging and managed to find a glass for me. Big Plus! The flight was comfortable and the crew were outstanding. It makes a difference when the crew are customer-focused. Overall a good experience. Two things, ditch the Sauvignon Blanc and provide an upgraded Premium Economy meal.
  Jakarta to Singapore. I reschedule my flight the following day as day after is the lock down. I Top up more money for the ticket. I was confirmed on the morning 9.20am flight. However I received a email that evening that my flight for the next day morning was cancelled. Immediately there was no line, only you got to email. I have no choice but make it the next day for the night flight 20.20.  And true enough that morning there isn't any public transport, no taxi that day. I get the Hotel reception to assist. Upon check & reaching home, I learnt to appreciate our Singapore Airlines. They did it. I feel secure upon reaching the Jakarta Airport. A big thank you to Singapore Airlines. .
  Auckland to Zurich via Singapore. The cabin staff were fantastic. Courteous, helpful, friendly & professional. Unlike Swissair, who did the Zurich to Heathrow bit on 28 February for me & Singapore to Heathrow bit for my wife on 20 March. Disappeared for most of the flight, discourteous to the point of rudeness, not at all bothered. 
  Tokyo Haneda to Melbourne via Singapore. Due to the coronavirus crisis I had to bring my flight forward by five weeks. Once I got through to it, the call centre's staff were efficient in getting me suitable flights. Check-in at Haneda was friendly and quick. The ANA lounge was comfortable with a great view of the runway, although food and drink options were limited due to antivirus precautions. The Singapore lounge was very spacious with a good variety of food and drink choices. Onboard both flights the seats were very comfortable and the service was impeccable. My Chinese-style vegetarian meal on the first leg was very tasty, but the Indian-style vegetarian meal on the second leg was not as impressive, with little curry and a lot of bread. There were several drinks rounds on both flights. I managed to get a good sleep on a comfortable long bed. Both flights arrived slightly early. All in all, an excellent experience.
  This used to be my favorite airline for years. Last week I've got an email saying my flight back home to New York for 25th March is cancelled "due to operational reasons. We will rebook you on alternative flights." But no rebooking, they are unresponsive, sent 10 emails and tried to call many times.
  Zurich to Melbourne via Singapore booked ages ago. Now with all the travel bans/restrictions due to Corona virus I needed to cancel the three tickets we booked. I cannot reach a ticketing agent on the phone, answering machine tells you to ring again. and again, again to no avail. The ticketing office in Zurich has been shut for a week with a leaflet on the door telling you, you guessed it the number where no-one is home.  I sent an online form to which I got an email telling me that they will respond after 7 working days, that means they will get back to me after my scheduled flight would have taken place.
  Adelaide to Singapore. I had two flights booked to and from from Singapore. Because of the epidemic, my conference in February was cancelled in Singapore. My colleague who booked through Qantas got her flight refunded - no questions asked. Singapore Airlines have been difficult to contact and unhelpful. They have not allowed refund. Never flying this airline ever again.
  Bangkok to Makassar via Singapore. Bangkok check-in counter is great. The cabin crew called Hendricks is Nice, warm hospitality, very welcome. I hope to see him again in my other flight. Another cabin crew is also nice. The in-flight meal is good. Singapore - Makassar : The cabin crew is nice, The in-flight meal is terrible. Delayed Boarding time due to late opening security check and only opening 1.
  Makassar to Singapore. It took more time to Check-in since there’s Coronavirus concern in Singapore and they check our passport per pages because we are not allowed to visit or even transit In Singapore if you ever visit China in 14 Days, A little delay for boarding. The flight attendant is nice, the in-flight meal taste great. Singapore - Bangkok: First time using A350-900 and I like it, the aircraft still new and so fresh, The In-flight meal is good. Boarding time is great, on time.
 Flew economy Sydney to Singapore day flight. Very happy and a pleasant flight. Had a row of seats to myself. The A380 cabin was clean and did not look to be very old at all. Range of entertainment options was great. 2 meals served and had vegetarian which were both fine. Plenty of water offered and the crew were polite and professional. Despite news to the contrary, there were hot towels and blankets and pillows!
  Phuket to Singapore, unusually fly by SQ’s sister company Silkair. Happy to fly on their wide body Boeing 777-200 which offer a better product. I find the seats on their old B777-200 more comfortable and better padded than their newer planes. The food and crew were amazing. Overall a great way to fly.
  Ahmedabad to San Francisco via Singapore. The overall in-cabin experience was fine, however, the check-in experience at the Ahmedabad airport was horrible. The staff gave me a hard time with baggage. It took 2 hours and standing in the check-in line three times to get my boarding passes. They weighed the personal bag and made fuss about the weight being 0.2 kgs over in one bag while it was 0.3 kgs under in another bag. I was told that the personal bag, which happened to be my laptop bag, cannot have anything else but the laptop and laptop accessories. I asked them if there was a scale I can use to distribute/adjust the weight across all my luggage pieces and they did not know or were not bothered to find out. Each time I had to go through bag screening and stand in long lines to find out that I still need to balance out 0.1 or 0.2 kgs of weight between my bags.  While I was going through this ordeal, the staff is trying to sell me upgrade to business class in spite of telling him no once. I do have to mention that I flew Singapore airlines from SFO to Ahmedabad on Jan 27th 2020 and did not have a similar experience with luggage at the San Francisco airport. Given the coronavirus outbreak, I wish the in-cabin staff had some masks on hand to distribute to passengers requesting it. All of them were wearing it and when I asked for one, they said they do not have any.
  Singapore to Bangkok. Seat and plane were pretty new. Seat was comfortable. Food was terrible. Crew was friendly. Lots better than their economy class crews. Overall was okay.
  Los Angeles to Singapore. This is my 3rd time for Singapore and this is my first time for business class. Seat when adjusted to be flat bed was not comfortable as I expected. Food was not okay.
  Singapore to Zurich. A few weeks in advance they changed several of my upcoming itineraries out of the blue with no offer of refund or compensation. One of the changed itineraries is a big change and really messed up my travel plans. First of all, I paid for a specific itinerary and they just decide to change it to an inferior itinerary. Secondly, I have a non-refundable domestic flight (not SIA) that I can no longer use with the new itinerary so I have to buy a new USD 100 ticket. So, I am USD 100 out of pocket. Customer service is non-existing with SIA. 3 weeks ago my domestic flight (not SIA) got re-scheduled and I arrived very early at MNL so I went to the SIA counter and asked if they could put me on the 2 hour earlier flight to Changi. My flight from Changi to Europe would be the same. So, I would have a 5 hour lay-over in Changi instead of 3 hours. SIA replied that they could do that but asked me to pay a change fee. I declined and took my original flight. I might think it is poor customer service but I acknowledge that they were in their full right to want to charge a change fee although it is in both our interest to increase my buffer time to reduce the risk of missing my connection. However, now that they changed my next itineraries I don't hear them talking about them paying a change fee to me. It is not OK to change and provide an inferior itinerary for the same price for any customer. 
  This was the daylight flight from Singapore to Johannesburg. Check in and boarding was, as is usual quick and efficient, with a friendly welcome from the crew. There are no pre-flight drinks offered in premium economy. Drinks are offered after take off, including French Champagne, but in tiny plastic tumblers. We had utilized “book the cook”, which had a large range of options, but these are served in an economy format, which nullifies any special qualities. There are no dedicated crew in premium economy, with the result that is approximately an hour before trays are removed and drink refills are available. The flight was good, the entertainment system excellent. The crew came round often with water and fruit juice, and a second meal was served before arrival. Overall this was a good flight with excellent hard product, excellent economy class service, but not up to the standard expected for premium economy. Why do Singapore Airlines not commit to a proper Premium Economy service?
  Singapore to Los Angeles. I know we paid a little extra for this one-way flight, but it was totally worth it! The most comfortable, newest, economy seats we've even seen. Large screen viewer, a separate reading light, bottle of water, socks, toothbrush and toothpaste, sleeping mask, fully reclining, foot rest, complimentary alcohol, premium ice cream, etc. We will fly Singapore Airlines whenever we can in the future!
  Flew with this airline because of it’s reputation, but felt very disappointed. The seats felt crammed in and narrow aisles, it was very hot on the flight and my food was disgusting.
 Singapore to Amsterdam. Fantastic airline with great food. The plane was quiet and the Skybed came to good use as I slept more than 8 hours. In business class, we are greeted by name and the air crew were friendly and professional. Upon arrival, I even got a friendly Happy New Year hug from a land crew that I got to know through flying SQ all the time. Big hearts to Singapore Airlines - will fly again.
  Los Angeles to Colombo via Singapore business class. Left on Jan 27 2020 from LAX and returned Feb 21 2020. At their website we were told one can pre-book meals called 'book the cook' which was a joke, no none of the cabin crew knew anything about it. We were given a very generic meal which was nothing to rave about. I complained to the crew and they promised I would have my choice on the return flight - that did not happen either. Their website also bragged about free wifi at cruising altitude, I was able to connect for 10 mins ,after which there was no way to connect for free. Same thing happened when I logged -in under my wife's name - the cabin crew was helpless and could not help. I was told to pay to get wifi , which of-course I did not. The cabin crew were fantastic and did their best to make us feel happy but there was only so much they could do. I travelled frequently on Singapore airline about 10 yrs ago and then I switched to another airline through Hong Kong , regrettably I could not book with them due to the Corona scare in China. My seat on the A350 could not be reclined 180 degrees and my feet hit the front seat and I had to curve my body to fit the space. There was a bed of course -the flight attendant had to lower the vertical back section and fold it down to make a bed, but the hardness and the need to curve the spine made it hard to sleep on this 18 hrs from LAX and 15hrs to LAX. Sorry Singapore airlines you are no longer the top 'dog' in the business. I will think twice before going with you again.
  Flew Singapore Airlines Jakarta to Singapore and back. It’s still a great airline to fly. Seats was still 9 abreast on 777. Food was great. Entertainment was great, but it’s limited compared to Emirates or Qatar Airways but still acceptable. Price was expensive a bit but still worth it. Return flight in the A350 was more greater than this flight. Overall a great flight with SQ and will fly with them again.
  Melbourne to Singapore. The check in experience is the worst. I request for aisle seat and I got the window seat. I cancel my Russia Holiday with Singapore Airlines they refused give me refund.
  Siem Reap to Kolkata via Singapore. We chose Singapore as we had heard lots of wonderful things about the airline. Our experience was worse than any bucket-shop airlines and we thought Singapore was a world standard airline. On the Siem Reap to Singapore Route my seat had a broken table which I was informed only on the way to the boarding the flight when I was suddenly being pressurised by their ground staff. Although I was waiting at the airport near the gate for over an hour none of your ground staff bothered to discuss this matter with me.  Furthermore the table was only secured with sticky tape which kept falling on my lap and on a couple of occasions fell on my watch! We then received further shoddy service from ground staff at Singapore on the Kolkata flight. Having paid USD 700+ for our one-way ticket from REP to CCU I was shocked to be downgraded to an airline with filthy seats, no TV, no leg space and in general badly in need of an uplift. To cap it all the cabin staff offered me gifts worth SGD 75 on the plane. This offer got progressively downgraded to a few miles on their airline. 
  Manila to London via Singapore. The usual Singapore airlines efficient boarding process using boarding groups on both flights. The seats on the 777 are more comfortable than those on the (refitted) A380. A pity because seat comfort is a priority on a thirteen and a half hour flight. To be honest, the old A380 seats were more comfortable than the new but the new look better. Wonderful attentive service from the FAs on both flights. The food served was good on both flights, in fact the "supper" (chicken thigh, mashed potato and steamed veg with gravy) on the A380 was exceptionally good for economy class. Sadly the breakfasts remain poor. They continue to serve these awful chicken sausages instead of a decent pork sausage (the ONLY thing BA does better than SQ) and the eggs are failures; either a rubbery omelette or scrambled egg that is sloppy and lacks flavour. I did notice some cost saving measures that I had not previously seen on SQ. No amenity kits, which I did not miss but no longer serving sachets of salt and pepper with the meals is a mistake. Airline meals generally lack flavour so I did miss the black pepper. There was also a smaller selection of snacks in the galley. In my view, they still beat the competition, mainly down to their superior customer service so I will continue to use them. The transit experience at Changi is also a big positive.
  Los Angeles to Tokyo. Poor food quality (Chef stuff pre-ordered-cold multiple times), aging aircraft interior, insincere flight attendants. Quirky check in (weighing a backpack?). Blow par flight info management (ticketing and gate notification). 
  Brisbane to Ho Chi Minh via Singapore. I personally prefer to look for a ticket with Singapore Airlines first before any other airlines unless it's a direct flight. there is no direct service between Brisbane and Ho Chi Minh so I was excited about my flight home with Singapore Airlines. Very friendly and efficient ground service. Cabin crew is the among the nicest. Always up for your request. Food quality has gone down as compared to the past. However, drink game is up from offering cocktails and liquor for economy class. I thought I would enjoy the A350-900 more but turned out I like the Boeing 787-10 better. Too bad that the flight with 787-10 was too short. Overall, Singapore Airlines will still remain my top choice if I have to book a flight.
  Copenhagen to Denpasar via Singapore. I had looked forward to where I could go with the new Airbus 350 and Singapore Airlines with their excellent quality reputation. However, the entertainment consisted of very few new movies. A menu card was handed out, I ordered chicken with Thai curry. The meat was full of cartilage and the rice was dried up. This was accompanied by a cold soft sugar tasting roll.  Singapore Airline offer maybe the cheapest red wine I have tasted. Fortunately they offered Tiger beer. Although the crew carried sparkling wine on the wagon, you had not right to this since "it was not in the menu card" I was told. Very strange.  On the return flight to Copenhagen the entertainment was slightly better but the food and beverage was far below the standard you get elsewhere like Qatar Airlines. The experience with Singapore Airlines was the biggest disappointment I have had since very long. 
  Jakarta to Seoul Incheon via Singapore. Jakarta to Singapore. Firstly, that the legroom is pretty decent. I am about 180 cm and i still had around 10 cm space left on my knee. The inflight entertainment system was old school, but the channel and contents were up to date. The crew were very nice. The meal was okay, i had this fried noodle with beef served with bun and some fruits. There were always lot of different beverage options on Singapore Airlines which is actually great. It was a short route to Singapore and i did really enjoy the flight. Singapore to Seoul Boeing 787-10. B787-10 legroom was a bit shorter but still enough for 180 cm man like me. But the arm rest gap was a bit narrow. The configuration was 3x3x3 and i sat on the middle and two other passengers sat on my right and left side. It was quite okay at the first place, then the meal time came up. I struggled not to spill other's passengers meal with my elbow because it was narrow. The entertainment system was really new. It had a lot of different options there and it was up to date. It was 5 hours 25 minutes flight. We just had one time meal and one snack time. It was okay tho. There were 2 options such as Korean or Western menus. I opted Korean one with the menu of Bibimbap. It was just okay since bibimbap was only vegetable and beef mixed with Korean condiments and. The cabin was clean and the most interesting of this aircraft that the window shades was electric by dimming the windows colour. It was nice! This was my first time flying with Boeing 787-10 and i still like A380 or A330 better compared to this aircraft.
  Ho Chi Minh City to Los Angeles via Singapore. We departed our flight from Ho Chi Minh City and were on our way to catch our next flight to Los Angeles, when we realized that we had left our Iphone 11 on the plane. The phone was left in the compartment facing the seat. We immediately went to Lost and Found and explained that situation and also informed our agent at the the gate. There was more than enough time for them to have searched the plane before our departure. Unfortunately, we never received any word from the airline. We also filled out paperwork in Los Angeles and we tried contacting Singapore Airlines on many occasions and did not receive one reply. Such a disappointment, the airlines doesn't have the decency to correspond. For an airlines that has such great reviews they definitely lack in common courtesy.
  Busan to Singapore. First of all, the service has dramatically improved since my last trip with SIA. Cabin crews are super friendly, cheerful and serves customer with a big smile. However, the most disappointing part is the attitude of the ground staff in Busan. One of the ground staff was very impatient and does things insincerely. She delays the precious time of my travelmate by asking unnecessary documents as other ground staff does not require it. Another shocking part is the cleanliness situation of the cabin which was quite dirty and not up to SIA's standard. There were coffee stains on the tray table and the cupholder of the seat. However, the cabin crew was responsive and quickly cleaned the stain for lunch. Food was OK and when I did not finish my food, the cabin crew did asked for feedback and offered me other options which is something I appreciate. Despite the disappointment of the cleanliness and attitude of the ground staff, the cabin crew's attitude actually made my day.
  Los Angeles to Jakarta via Tokyo, Singapore. Friendly service, but not the best. The food was not really tasty. I ate Japanese cuisine and it was disappointing. Every 1 or 2 hour, they offered us drinks, which I like.
  Upon attempting to return to Australia Singapore Airlines said I could not check in because my ticket was marked as flown by the ticketing airline. I had to buy another ticket with another airline to fly home. I asked for a letter showing I was not allowed to check in - nothing to do with my behaviour, condition etc. Singapore Airlines wrote to me to say I was a "no show" not that there was any problem checking-in. 
  Bangkok to Singapore was the biggest let down. Okay food but they ran out of certain dishes during the first service run. Service on this flight was understandably rushed due to its 2-hours duration. But it was also terrible. I ordered post-meal drink and notes were taken but they forgot about me. I requested the drink again, but was told too late the bar is closed. We pay premium for business class partly to enjoy the amenities including F&B. Running out of certain dishes and forgetting to serve a drink renders this as a wasted expense and for that we currently do not recommend this airline. 
  Denpasar to Singapore. This was the best flight ever! Singapore Airlines staff are  warm, helpful and very hospitable. I had changed to my flight two times because of a cyclone in my country and the airline was very hospitable and they changed my flights without picking up a fuss about it and they did it for free. Check in at Denpasar was very friendly, the staff happily gave me a window seat and once on board, I was amazed, the plane was new and was extremely comfortable. I can't wait to fly with them again in future.
  Singapore to Newark return with family. Cannot say that I was looking forward to spending 17-19 hours on an aircraft, however the time passed very quickly indeed and would recommend Singapore Airlines and this route if wanting to access the US east coast. Service was good, and premium economy seats were comfortable. Used the book the cook option and the food was okay - there is also lots of snack available in the galley when you want. The IFE is one of the better ones on the market, with a decent touchscreen and good selection of movies and TV shows. I booked one of the seats at the rear of the cabin which is by itself and this is certainly worth while doing. Overall, it was recommended and would take this option again to NYC from Singapore. The flight goes far quicker than you would think.
  Singapore to Perth. The flight was delayed and when we reached the gate was closed and we were advised that the gate is changed. We had to walk to the other side of the airport and sat there for an hour. When we were boarding we were advised that this is a different flight number (same airline and destination though). We were checked in 2 hours prior to the flight time but were never paged us or looked for us. Just took the luggage out of the flight. They advised us that the next flight is full also and we will need to wait till the next day for another flight as well as having to pay penalty.
  Sydney to Singapore in Economy class. I recently received a status match I am QF platinum and received kris gold. At the airport I proceeded to first class check in (allowed with qf platinum) but did not realise that Kris gold doesn’t provide the same benefit. I was told by the check on supervisor that I was being unfair to other passengers as if I had come to the wrong desk on purpose. She came back again and repeated the same on front of other passengers. The experience was humiliating as I had made a genuine error
  Singapore to Frankfurt. I was lucky enough to get an upgrade to Premium Economy on this 13h flight. Something which rarely happens on SQ. The seat was reasonably comfy with plenty of legroom. There were no more menu cards in Premium Economy, something I’ve got even in Y class on the same flight a year ago. Food was ok .. but nothing to shout about. The most disappointing part was the robotic, not overly friendly service. I think the days of the famous “Singapore Girl” are gone. Carrier like Qatar Airways are miles ahead here.
  Flew on Thursday 9th Jan 2020 from Singapore to Brisbane. Endured some turbulence flying out of Singapore for a few hours. I became nauseated and uncomfortable. Staff were very kind and helpful making sure I was looked after. Checked on me numerous times, throughout the flight. Very impressed with the cabin crew and would recommend flying with this airline in the future.
  San Francisco to Kolkata via Singapore. On my SFO-SIN flight I asked for an extra bread roll/butter at one of the meal times, was given the bread but told ‘sorry, it’s one butter per passenger/tray’!. Then I asked for Chinese tea (instead of what they were taking around) - and was told ‘we don’t have any’. At SFO check-in counter, I stood at the head of the Premium Economy line for 15min as passengers who had come after me were attended to before me. After 3 such times, when I expressed surprise, a lady said I was in the wrong queue for bag drop. I pointed out to her I was not standing for bag drop but check in, after which I was attended to. This was the first time ever that my SQ experience left a bad taste in my mouth, especially given how wonderful it always is, and how warmly I recommend it to everyone specifically for its customer service. It would be very unfortunate if the airline cannot keep up its usual standards.
  Perth to Hanoi via Singapore. The crew were very friendly and accommodating. The food was tasty and well presented. Cannot fault the airline. Singapore Airlines is one of the best I have travelled on in a long time
 Singapore to London Heathrow. Yet another excellent flight on Singapore Airlines despite flying on the older product. The older A380 was operating this 14-hour flight from Singapore to London but I still enjoyed the seat. My cabin was nearly empty and we could choose whatever seat we wanted. The seat was huge - it had a lot of legroom, width and was very comfortable. Unfortunately, the IFE was not touchscreen and it was not very responsive, which would be expected for a 13-year-old system. There were still a large variety of movies and TV shows in the entertainment system. The crew were friendly, helpful and provided excellent service, they really made the flight enjoyable. The food was absolutely delicious. I could hardly tell the difference between this airline food and food on the ground. We arrived in London on time.
 London to Singapore. Dedicated first lounges at Heathrow, Singapore and also Hong Kong, unlike Emirates and Etihad that put first customers with business flyers at some airports. When your paying this much money it’s not acceptable. Amazing staff and food, especially book the cook. We had very turbulent flights and as a nervous flyer they couldn’t have been more caring. Absolutely not a bad thing to say about them apart from the fact that we weren’t on a A380 but 777 which is a horrible plane to fly. 
  A great experience flying Business Class from Istanbul to Denpasar (Bali) via Singapore. We loved the lie flat beds, although a very warm cabin prevented getting a lot of sleep. F&B service excellent and professionally served by the SQ crew. Love the "Book the Cook" service where you can order fine dining meals in advance. Great choice of wines and plenty of champagne refills! My wife can only eat gluten free meals and a small criticism is the lack of gluten free options, WiFi allowance of only 100 Mb in Business Class is rather limited as well. Very smooth transfer in Singapore and Kris Lounge not too crowded. The Turkish Airlines lounge used by SQ at Istanbul Airport is massive and offers an excellent choice of hot Turkish food. All in all, a great flight with SQ and look forward to flying Business Class again with them soon.
  Singapore to Moscow.  When we are about to land, a passenger went into toilet, the Male Flight attendant asked him before he went in “can you hold ?” The passenger shook his head &’went in, subsequently the flight attendant talk to us (all the passengers), this kind of people caused landing to delay. After a while the flight attendant went on to knock on the toilet door & shouted to ask the passenger to come out quickly. Moscow - Singapore 2 Jan 2020. The  question is that does SIA inform their passengers how much alcohol they can consume ? I heard a female flight attendant said “he has drank a lot” in Mandarin to another flight attendant. Later the customers in front of me request for drinks & I heard the flight attendant said “this is a plane not a bar”, this is very rude to a customer even you mean well to control consumption of alcohol. SIA has to make a decision, either no alcohol, limited alcohol (informed passengers before booking of tickets) or free flow, find a way to handle it instead of being rude to  passengers. 
  Singapore to Newark. My wife and I were seated in 31A/31C on SQ22. There was a family of five that was too overbearing and inconsiderate (non stop talking from SIN to EWR) during the entire flight. This made it very difficult to sleep even on premium economy. Paying extra $120 each for these seats was a waste of money. The food (including "Book the Cook") was not extraordinary. The entertainment selection (movies, music, TV series) was inadequate. I understand that the flight crew needed rest during this long journey. However, not cleaning the toilet bin was unacceptable. I've flown other competitors on Premium Economy (ANA, EVA) and I can attest that the toilets for Premium Economy were kept immaculate during the long legs to either Japan or Taipei. There is something to be said about the passenger treatment when they are not flying Business Class. On a separate flight from MNL to SIN, my wife and I flew SQ on business. The customer service was met. Unfortunately, Premium Economy customers are not treated the same way.
  Auckland to Singapore. Decided to try premium economy due to extra legroom and slightly wider seats although the additional recline is negligible. These two options were provided but the seat itself was uncomfortable and the much vaunted leg and foot rests are not fit for purpose if you are of average or above average height. I used the facility of “Book the Cook” for two of the four meals provided (return flight) but sadly the meals were unappetising, bland and why is the airline no longer providing salt and pepper? There was only one round of drinks offered so although premium economy is quite a bit more expensive than economy the benefits are small except for the leg space. Also had to use economy toilets which would have been fine except that they were not particularly well maintained but I do admit that both flights were full up so staff would have been kept busy. As usual the flight attendants were beautifully groomed and always polite Very surprised at the lack of variety on the entertainment system
 Singapore to Perth. Aircraft changed from 777 to A350 in the regional configuration. Boarding was slightly delayed but well managed with priority given to those traveling with children. New A350 which on the regional is still 3x3x3 but a little less space between the seats and no premium economy, actually prefer the cabin colours to the long haul version. Staff were very friendly with the service being first rate and a good selection of meals options. Very pleasant 4.5 hour flight. Flight arrived on-time but due to a medical emergency everyone had to remain seated until the person could be deplaned. This took about 30 min which then meant that due to 2 other flights having landed immigration was chaos,(not SQ fault). Having flown A350 and 787 I can now say that the Airbus is the better plane.
  Munich to Singapore. Boarding was quick and efficient and the departure was on time. The crew were friendly and visible throughout the flight, a lunch was served a few hours after take-off with a hot breakfast delivered 2 hours before landing. Drinks were brought out every hour to ensure that people stayed hydrated. Plane was clean and so were the bathrooms at least when I used them. As usual a wide selection of entertainment was available. The A350 is a great plane to travel on and SQ has made sure there is plenty of legroom, the storage pockets are great for holding phones instead of having just one big pocket. Once again a really good flight.
  Perth to Singapore. Great service. The seats were comfortable in business, although they could be less comfortable for a tall person. With the 787s, the space between the seat and the TV monitor is quite narrow and when the table is out, one must sit quite upright. It is not as comfortable as the Airbus or Qatar’s q-suites but definitely way better than 99% of other airlines. I had the lobster thermidor and was happy that this is much better now - tender yet creamy sauce. There are Asian drinks on board, such as umeshu, which is brilliant. Free WiFi was available on board and lasted through my 5 hour flight even with Facebook surfing.
  Perth to Singapore in July 2019. Mid-night flight fmainly to see how the 787 compares with the A350. Check-in was smooth save for the issue with them not allowing us to take the travel stroller, which folds into something the size of a briefcase on board as it wasn't in a carry bag? Random thing is 2 previous legs and several other flights with SQ this wasn't an issue but we were told it was a new rule. Odd thing cabin crew never heard of it and 3 days later from SIN-MUC there were no issues with it being taken as hand luggage. Flight boarded late due to a late arrival but some of the time was made up with a near on time arrival. The 787 has a tighter configuration than the A350 regional configuration. This means less seat width and what I perceived as a little less leg room. Plane was spotless. Given the choice I would take the A350 over the 787 as it has it beat in all areas. Crew were more or less going through the motions and a bit robotic. Entertainment options still top, not even with 4 legs flow in the same month did you run out of things to watch. Breakfast served was good with all options available. Of the 4 legs this was probably the most disappointing from SQ, but still an enjoyable flight.
  Singapore to Bali. Great service, though there was no food choice when the service reached our seat as the other main dish was completely served. Plenty of movie selections with the latest hits.
  London to Hong Kong via Singapore. Until now I have been very happy with SQ and have always preferred it above Cathay Pacific (hence the extra 4 hours in taking these flights instead of the direct flights) The flight was great and nothing to complain .. as a cardholder I had access to the lounge and SQ has been always great in accepting my kids (younger then 12yrs) with me in their lounges. Upon arrival in Hong Kong I discovered that one of my suitcases was damaged (zipper was damaged and could not be used anymore)/I went straight to their handling agent and was offered 3 options: 1) they could provide me with a report for my travel insurance, 2) They could try to fix it or 3) I was offered 500 HKD (50 Euro) as compensation. I argued with them that they destroyed the luggage so why should my insurance pay for their damaged caused, also the 500HKD would never cover a new suitcase (bought a year ago) so I asked to see somebody from Singapore airlines .. a girl appeared and immediately the same offer was made but the amount got up to 800HKD .. I argued that the money wouldn't even cover a new one. So she agreed to have my luggage picked up from my place in Hkg and tried to have it repaired. Nothing happened for 3 days and I was forced to contact the airline direct. Anyway suitcase was picked up on Thursday and was told on Saturday afternoon that they couldn't fix it and would offer me 1080HKD (no idea how they came to that amount) and it was a take it or leave it deal. What actually made it worse that up till today I have not received any apologies or even an acknowledgement of damage caused by them.
  Would like to shout out a special Thanks to Caitlyn, air hostess who assisted us in flight SQ494 from Singapore to Dubai. My 4 year old son fell sick during the flight and the team mainly Caitlyn ensured to give us the assistance needed, including getting children's paracetemol which calmed his fever down within the 7 hours. Thanks a lot.
  Melbourne to Chitose return via Singapore with SIA but the Chitose to Singapore leg was codeshare with Scoot and I was appalled that I for the SIA ticket price I paid, I just received budget airline service. Firstly, I had a party of 4 and they couldn't seat us together. They put us as 2, 1, 1. Then after complaining, they put us as 2, 2. But when I flew off, 3 seats were free right next to us! Secondly, they don't give you a choice of meal. Not to mention the food was barely edible. And they only give a bottle of water. I had to pay for beer or soft drink etc. Given I paid SIA prices which is for full service, you'd think I'd get more service than that.
  Colombo to Sydney via Singapore. I have no complaints about the great cabin crew on the flights. They were hard working and very polite. Our main issues with the delays with boarding, departure and arrivals. We have almost missed connecting flights on 2 occasions. The second one was the trip from Sydney to Singapore. We had a very stressful time changing terminals and walking several hundred metres to the gate when the boarding of the second flight was scheduled to start while we were still on board the 1st flight. I had had recent surgery and literally ran to the gate with my hand luggage. Ground staff are less than helpful as well - boarding using boarding groups is ridiculous- so much confusion and people trying to pass people putting luggage away. Why not call boarding by last few rows at a time rather than a huge boarding group. Staff on the ground disorganised - twice Singapore airlines has lost our luggage and we were left on holidays for a couple of days with no clothes, till we have managed to get our luggage - food was tasteless, surely no one likes the cheese and mushroom mini pies on the Colombo-Singapore leg.
  Melbourne to Coimbatore via Singapore. Singapore Airlines has disappointed us in the last three trips. The price they charge is so expensive but from Singapore to our destination we get to travel in budget airlines which is Scoot or silk air. It doesn’t make sense at all. When we ask for help they say it’s a different management so we can’t help you further. Moreover there is no special assistance in those low cost airlines. Also the Singapore airport was so warm and the air conditioner was not controlled well across.
  Johannesburg to Singapore in premium economy on the late flight. The incoming flight was delayed as the preceding flight was late departing the gate, and only arrived at the time boarding was supposed to start. However following a very quick turnaround and very efficiently organised boarding, the flight departed on time. There was the usual warm welcome from the crew, who were very active helping passengers stow belongings and settle in. Singapore Airlines do not offer pre-departure drinks, unlike most airlines in premium economy. The seat is comfortable, with good legroom and recline. The calf rest serves little purpose, and is difficult to retract when deployed, which is usually by accident. It was noted that very few passengers used the calf rest. The cabin overall is very pleasant. Service commenced promptly after take off. There was no separate drinks run, which is understandable with a late departure. The meal can best be described as typical airline food, the best part being the ice cream. Service and food is strictly economy class, no crockery nor tablecloth, and from Johannesburg no opportunity to book the cook. Drinks are served in plastic tumblers, with a somewhat meagre offering. A good champagne is offered in premium economy, but in a plastic faux stemmed glass that is even smaller than the standard tumbler. No refills are offered until the trays are cleared somewhat later. Both my wife and I were able to sleep for several hours, and it seemed quite strange to be woken up from a deep sleep to be offered lunch. This was about two hours before landing, which was ahead of schedule. De-planing was quick, and immigration and luggage collection super efficient, as is the norm at Changi. Overall this was a good flight, with excellent service measured against the standard of economy. Unfortunately it is economy class service, and through no fault of the crew lacks the extras expected in premium economy. The lack of crew dedicated to premium economy is an issue.
 I haven’t been flying with SQ for a while and I have to say they have improved a lot. I am not saying my previous SQ flight was bad or awful, it was great but I did feel like they could have improved more. But, my recent flight with SQ was near flawless! It seemed like they had listened to customer’s feedback and made the overall experience better. The most obvious improvement was the IFE system. They employed the newest technology regarding the IFE system, the screen was wide and really responsive to touch. The colors were bright, there were some of the newest released movies available and the available media content (music, video, movies) were more than enough to accompany your whole journey. I didn’t even open my ipad throughout my trip. The seats were redesigned, I felt more comfortable and the leg space was spacious. The food and beverage was even more tastier and ever. At the moment, for me, it is the best airline! It’s not perfect though, I want SQ to outdo themselves and become better overtime. If I could give one suggestion, I would like them to provide wireless connection for the headphones because their in house earphones don’t cut it and most of todays head/earphones are wireless.
 We always look forward to flying SQ because the crews are so well-trained and the flight plan/timetable suits us. Leg from Sydney to Singapore the plane left on time, but what a disappointment the boarding process is, compared to Changi. The Boarding by Group No is a neat idea and works well at Changi, but Sydney is just the usual fare of Economy passengers standing in a massive queue trying to get on as quickly as possible and staff announcing the boarding by group, but not enforcing it. And the overhead screens showed Group 4 non-stop whilst they boarded other groups, whatever. Service on board was warm and welcoming, food was good but, surprisingly, even though it was announced, no immigration cards were handed out. When I asked, I was told they didn’t have any. I think they just ran out of time. Love flying on the A380, spacious, calm and quiet, it’s a great experience. Got into Changi a few minutes early. Next day afternoon take off for FRA on 777. Food was sparse and mediocre but not bad. Just not quite the same standard and amounts as last year. The entertainment system has a big screen but the amount on offer is nowhere near Emirates standard and it is harder to find things/operate and the touchscreen is sometimes not as responsive as one would have liked. Crew again, very good and friendly. Lots of snacks available incl very fresh apples during meal times, the wines from Chile were excellent and the crew was always walking around with drink trays. A disappointing cost cutting measure on both flights was that they don’t hand out amenity kits anymore, unless you ask cabin crew for them. But otherwise ok.
  Singapore to Perth, SQ215 is a Boeing 787 that has flat beds in business class. The business class seats lie flat but is rather cramped once the table is out. In terms of comfort, it is ok - not as good as the Airbus used for long haul flights. The compartment for legs is rather narrow, so could be uncomfortable for someone taller who needs to bend his/her knees. The food is good, which maintains the Singapore Airlines standard of food. Service is good. The number of drink services is not as frequent as other flights. Overall, I am still happy with SQ and will fly again.
  Flew JFK-FRA-SIN vv on SQ25/26 on Premium Economy. Great value overall with airfare at $1000 RT. JFK facilities are subpar in T4 for premium airline - boarding was chaotic with roughly six separate lines outside main gate to handle the double decker flight. Prem Economy cabin was nice and clean, nice orange/grey color scheme. Blanket and pillow on seat, along with with noise cancelling headphones. Amenity kit upon request containing socks, dental kit. Eyemask upon request. Nice pitch, calf support and generous recline for Economy. Meals were on the smaller side, only difference with the back I believe is an extra choice and champagne on plastic cups. Was able to prebook meal using Book the Cook which is a nice feature for Premium Economy. JFK-FRA cabin crew much friendlier than FRA-SIN, but still the trademark SQ service throughout. Krisworld has a great selection of movies and TV- the add playlist is pretty nifty and easy to use. Transfer at FRA was 90min, no fuss, no security. Arrival in SQ was easy and quick. Check in on return flight was great, T3 of Changi is very nice. Return flight was non-eventful. Excellent service particularly on FRA-JFK sector (less full) whereas out of SIN was packed. Great experience overall. Would definitely recommend the PremEcon if you keep the fare to less than $1200. Not sure if the value is there if you pay for much more.
  Singapore to Tokyo. I chose this particular flight over others of the day to experience SQ new Boeing 787-10. However, it was later changed to an A380. Though this was an old version, the aircraft was well maintained and clean. Singapore Airlines lounge at SIN Terminal 3 was nice but crowded at the time. Boarding was in order, and cabin service was generally good.
  Shanghai to Singapore. Shanghai is currently among a few airports that receive SQ updated A380 service. The new suites, only 6 in total that occupy the whole forward section of the upper deck, are spectacular. For comparison, in the same area, Etihad fits 9 spacious Apartments, while Emirates manages to squeeze in 14 First Class Suites. The armchair was very comfortable with thick padding, and the bed was easily the most comfortable I have experienced on a plane. The suite itself was so spacious that I thought I was sleeping in a small hotel room. Meal service was great with a lot of attention to details, though I did not find the food as tasty as on other top first class services, including SQ own old Suites. I probably chose the wrong menu item then (book-the-cook was not available for Shanghai). On the ground, I got access to Air China First Class Lounge, which offered both buffet and a-la-carte dinning, though I did not try those as I was full from a big lunch in Shanghai.
  Shanghai to Singapore. A packed but lovely flight on Singapore Airlines. My seat, 59A, was very wide and comfortable, and had good legroom. The seat was practical and had a lot of compartments for me to store my things. Furthermore, the IFE was responsive and there was a very large variety of movies available. A lunch menu was given to all passengers, which is a great touch to an already good service. Lunch was served on my flight and it was a delicious pork and chicken combination. The crew provided excellent service and promptly provided me with drinks whenever I requested for them.
 Singapore to Kuala Lumpur. I had a nice surprise when I discovered I was boarding an SQ plane rather than a SilkAir one. Service is good like any other SQ flight. The plane was old but whatever, it was only 45 minutes. We had access to the Entertainment but had no earphones, so unable to watch movies properly. There is 1 drink service. Coffee, tea or juice. I am looking forward to SIA decommissioning all SilkAir planes. The service and seats of SQ are way better.
 Amsterdam to Singapore. A fantastic flight with great food. The drinks selection was extensive. I had Umeshu but was disappointed there was no sake. The satay and Pate appetizers welcomed me to Singapore before I arrived in SG. The service is impeccable, and we are known by our names. Will definitely fly Singapore Airlines again.
  Bangkok to Singapore. A mechanical problem with the plane after shifting our gate to a half hour walk away from the original. They go into total chaos, total ineptness. No other plane available. They do not shift passengers onto their other flight, another plane, or other airlines. Four hours later, they send a new plane from Singapore. So six hours delay. The hand writing up of food vouchers for the layover was also quite humorous for 200 passengers. Very poor communication at all times, not even answering direct simple questions.  With the checkin process, more than 12 hours living in the airport. 
  Johannesburg to Christchurch via Singapore. An amazing experience for us as first time passengers with Singapore Airlines The staff is very friendly and professional, dressed and groomed very well. Their communication with passengers makes is a real feel good experience. Their endless efforts were to keep all passengers comfortable and happy The plane was very clean and hygienic. The entertainment for long flights was top quality and a huge variety is available Right from boarding, wet hot cloths provides to stepping off the plane was a 10/10 experience. Keep it up.
 Delhi to Cairns via Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Great service, helpful staff and lovely food with good movies. A staff member helped me a lot while in the boarding pass queue which was great. Good people, good food.
 I have flown SQ a few times before, but find that the current A350 economy class seats are very uncomfortable, at least for a 6' person like me. BLR-SIN was a short haul flight which was even more tightly packed, SIN-MEL was marginally better. MEL-SIN was an older B777, which was far better than the new gen 350s in terms of economy class seats. I had booked SFML, but in every flight ended up getting a piece of tasteless, overcooked fish just dabbed with some tomato sauce - a big difference from my previous experience with seafood meal a few years ago. I do not think I will go for this option any more on Singapore Airlines. The flights were on time, the crew helpful, but overall my experience was far from being positive.
  Milan to Singapore. Singapore Airlines generally runs a tight ship. Service is quick, friendly and precise and they may be the only airline I’ve flown with that offers hot towels to economy passengers (though it’s pretty standard for premium economy). The premium economy seats are well equipped with large seatback displays, large windows, and comfy leather seats, and the food is decent. Nice of them to have a legrest and footrest on the seats and I’m pleased to say most flights were quite punctual. Check in was quick and easy, and planing/deplaning was efficient. Cabin crew exercised caution when assisting guests with stowing luggage in the overhead bins, and they periodically passed by with refreshments
  I usually fly Qantas but chose to fly Singapore Airlines this time, I flew Premium economy. Would I fly again, probably not. My first flight resulted in my seat not functioning and the seats were incredibly uncomfortable compared to Scoot (adjoining flight). Service, the female hostesses were fabulous but the male staff were shocking.
 Bengaluru to Brisbane via Singapore. I have been travelling with Singapore Airlines for several years now. I have never had a bad experience ever. The last time we flew, however, was quite disappointing. I observed 2 things - 1) we always order Indian meals and have been satisfied always, but and the quality of the meals this time was quite bad. The first meal was a tasteless serve and the second one was of 3 Quiches (since when are quiches Indian meals?). And they were bad anyway. Furthermore, on the return trip, my wife received 3 oily and smelly Samosas. Who serves 3 samosas in one sitting? What is the chef thinking? 2) the staff while polite was not involved as they usually are. In my experience, Singapore Airlines makes a very conscious attempt to connect with travellers. They aim to make you as comfortable as possible, however, this time there was a non-commital attitude which was very unlike them. I had to ask for water more times then I can remember. Earlier it was always served in intervals because they were prompt. No feedback form was shared too. My child always receives some small talk with the staff and a little gift. This time there was no attention and no gift either.
  I have to admit to a huge disappointment on flying economy class with this airline. The outward trip on the A380 was extremely comfortable, flight attendants good but food was awful, something I wasn’t expecting having read about the excellent quality of their meals. My main grumble was the return flight on a 777, I have to say that the seat pitches couldn’t possibly have been the 32” advertised on Skytrax. I am 6ft tall and my knees were touching the seat in front and reclining made little difference as the person in front was fully reclined. I can fully understand how a sardine must feel! The food on this flight was awful, totally lacking in taste. Now I know that some people reading this review will say that if I want more room then fly premium economy or business class, something I would love to do if it was affordable! All in all, flight attendants were wonderful, food was awful and the 777 was diabolical. Sorry Singapore Airlines I won’t be flying with you again other than on a A380.
  Singapore to Dubai. I was disappointed with the option of foods during flights. We were asked by the FA to choose between chicken sandwich and Hamus with flat bread so I chose the chicken sandwich since I am not a fan of Hamus but it wasn’t available anymore so the FA insisted if I could have the Hamus instead. I just had a cup of coffee. And also I have also asked for water twice during that flight but nothing was given to me. It made me think that they gave only minimal attention to economy passengers. 
 Singapore Airlines maintained its excellent standard on this 5-hour flight. A pillow and blanket were available on the seat when we boarded. The cabin was clean and despite the flight being nearly full, it was still a very good experience. Furthermore, the legroom of the seat was excellent and the seat was very comfortable. The tray table was wide and sturdy, and there was sufficient storage with a nice pocket for my phone and nice pouches for me to put things in. There was a wide selection of movies available as well. The cabin crew were as usual, excellent and provided great service. A meal service was provided for this red-eye flight, and my Chicken meal was good. Despite being delayed on departure, we arrived in Shanghai on time. SIA’s newest product on the 787 is indeed very well designed and the flight was very good overall.
  Melbourne to Singapore. First I flew in SQ and experience the lounges in both Sydney and Melbourne this month. I must say it's the worst experience I have ever had. Running out of food, decor bland and functional (barely) at best, staff sombre and angry. It is tragic for SQ to sell itself as a premium airline with such tired conditions. All in all disappointing experience on SQ
  
Frankfurt to  New York. My experience on this flight was good overall. Check-in, boarding processes were well organized. Food tasted better than business class offerings on some other airlines. Singapore airlines' premium economy is a good choice for flights between 6 and 10 hours.
  Sydney to Trivandrum via Singapore. I booked this flight under SIA and was not expecting they would code share a full service fare ticket with low cost carrier Scoot on SIN -TRV sector. SIA is charging the same amount in fare as compared to previous years while they code shared with Silk Air which is a full service airline. There was no option for basic seat selection and was served instant fried rice topped with meat and peas. They served a bottle of water and no option for tea/coffee or soft drinks. Silk Air served beer and spirits . I understand why SIA is resorting to this sort of behaviour at the expense of passenger comfort, profits and making use of the monopoly they enjoy on this route. Shameful for an airline which advertises itself as "Great Way to Fly". SIA should make amends to passengers who were made to fly on Scoot SIA - TRV route.
  Melbourne to Mumbai via Singapore. I appreciate the staff service and co-operation. I lost my wallet on airport and airline staffed approached me and offered their best help. I would like to thank them especially Mr Ebrahim, one of the crew members, who updated me with each and every action that was taken for searching my wallet.
  Manchester to Brisbane via Singapore. I've been intending to try Singapore Airlines for some time and was keen to know if the reality matched the star rating. The quality of the product, seat and service onboard and on the ground met my expectations fully. The only slight quibble, and it is very slight, is that no amenity kit or pyjamas are offered in business class. The usual amenity kit contents are available as individual items, however in the bathrooms. The seat was excellent, food met expectations and was better than many others. The IFE offering was a little disappointing however and they ought to make a bigger effort here.
  Los Angeles to Singapore. Our outbound flight experience was enhanced and made pleasant by the service and conversation with Kelvin. Our needs were competently met and exceeded. Our return flight was equally satisfying by the personal attention shared to us by  Beverly. A lengthy flight of 15.5 hours felt relaxing and enjoyable because of her care in customer service. Amazing comfort and travel. We will gladly recommend Singapore Airlines.
  Colombo to Sydney via Singapore. I thought I loved Singapore airlines and it seemed okay (not great) when I flew from Sydney to Colombo. But then I had the rudest experience when I travelled back to Australia. The air hostess in my cabin were pretty rude. It's like they just want to get their job done and they don't care about the people. I've travelled a lot on different airlines and Ive never been treated so rudely.  They barely offer water to people.  I wanted the chicken as i do not eat beef and they wanted me to have the beef and when i said i can't. They took a long time (everyone else had finished eating) to find me some fish meal that wasn't on the menu.  I was grateful. However, that nice gesture didn't last for long. I literally opened my food to eat and the air hostess just dumps an ice cream (magnum) on my tray. Everyone else was happy to get theirs, but I had only begun (not even) eating! I had to gobble my food and eat the melting ice cream!  And on this very flight the air hostess serving me just took the cup in which there was apple juice remaining and poured me water. I also asked them for water when leaving the aircraft and they hesitated and made me stay the whole time until everyone left to get me the water (which was also a very small cup).  On a good note, I must say the flight is comfortable and good. And the food is acceptably good. I'd ask everyone who loves staying hydrated on flights to make sure they fill up their own water bottles.
  Singapore to Amsterdam. Great service in business class. The seats are comfortable and the sky bed opens flat for a good night’s sleep. The timing of this flight is great because it leaves at midnight and by the time dinner is served, it is between 2 to 3 am. This gives some adjustment to jet lag and arrives in Amsterdam in the morning. I started sneezing due to sinuses and the air stewardess promptly gave me a large pack of tissues, which came in handy. The entertainment selection was good - although I think Qatar is more current in terms of movie selection. Book the cook never fails. My bak chor mee came with vinegar on the side. For breakfast, I had the healthy red rice fish porridge, which doesn’t sound great but is really amazing. I started off to a busy work day well thanks to Singapore Airlines.
  Perth to Singapore. A pleasant flight with decent leg room and good entertainment. Meals are not bad, although this is my 3rd time having the same dish in the last month - not sure how often the menu changes. Service is good. There was 2 pre-meal drinks runs plus the lunch, followed by after meal drinks. Overall, a good flight for 5 hours - although it was starting to get a bit uncomfortable by then.
 We flew Singapore Airlines business class on an A350 Brisbane to Tokyo via Singapore. The meals on the Brisbane to Singapore were as normal not interesting but the Singapore Tokyo flight the bento box was 5 star. The flight crew were great. The Osaka flight on a B787 again the bento box was 5 star and all the crew helpful and understanding to everyone. The B787 in business class the seats were smaller than usual and the plane was noisy than the A350. The flight home Singapore to Brisbane, a passenger heard the crew talking that they rush the meals and turn off the lights. Well after take-off they were no drinks supplied but a rushed meal service which was not interesting (why do they not do a meal service that they do from other capitals). They did not even supply bottles of water after the meals service like on other flights. This crew were not efficient.
  Frankfurt to New York, everything was organized and on both way aircraft was spotlessly clean. A380 configuration offers privacy even in economy class by dividing the cabin into sections. I would recommend the upper deck because of seat density and less engine noise. The legspace is okay but then I am a tall person. The cabin crew were excellent and the food served was of good quality though I believe they should make the main course portions larger, as EK does. Nothing was too much trouble for cabin staff and they made flight a pleasant experience by looking well after us. This flight reiterated my belief that SIA is the best!
  London to Christchurch via Singapore. London to Singapore great service, enjoyable trip.  I cannot say the same about Singapore to Christchurch. I had a 12 hour stopover in Singapore, loved the  Silver Kris Lounge. Had a long walk to gate D10 but was good to shake off a little fatigue, but I was more than ready to sleep. I was most impressed with the 19K cubicle but saw no bedding. After takeoff I asked a hostess where do I get a blanket?" she reach up and seemed to grasp one from somewhere. I had a fitful night and Journey with just a blanket and the cushion that was on the seat and could not settle. When the lights came on for breakfast I saw the guy across from me, fold up his bedding and seat! I asked the hostess why she had not showed me how to operate the bed, she replied "its on the Video"! I told her as I could not operate the TV system how would I know that? I told her I would lay a complaint, I also talked to the man I assumed was in charge, he admitted he had seen me trying to rest/sleep, and assumed I slept like that! I have flown other airlines in Premium economy that took care of the elderly so much better, but as I decided this would be the last visit to the UK to see my sister before she forgets me, she has dementia, I decided it treat myself to business class return home, I had heard good things previously. I have to say, this was a very disappointing end,to a sad journey for me. I certainly would not recommend this airline.
  Singapore to Johannesburg. Daylight flight on A350 in premium economy. Checking-in and boarding was quick and efficient, with a warm welcome on-board, as is the norm with Singapore Airlines. There is generous locker space in premium economy, sufficient to allow blankets, pillows etc not immediately required to be stowed. Drinks and nuts were served shortly after take off, with champagne offered, but unfortunately served in a tiny plastic faux champagne glass. We had ordered lunch from book the cook. The quality was good, but would be so much better if served on proper plates and not in foil dishes. It is unfortunate that Singapore provide only economy service in premium economy. Drinks were offered with the meal, but again served in small plastic tumblers. Wine was simply red or white, and of mediocre quality. No refills were offered, and when trays were collected some time later a requested refill never materialised. With a good choice of entertainment and a comfortable seat the 11 hour flight seemed to pass quite quickly. The crew came round on a number of occasions with water and fruit, and a second hot meal was provided 2 hours before landing. Overall it was a very pleasant flight. The small premium economy cabin is very pleasant, and the A350 is a very nice aircraft. However it is unfortunate that the enhanced level of service expected in premium economy is not provided.
  Dhaka to Sydney via Singapore. My seat was in block 5 (seat no 61G and that of my wife was in Black 4 (seat no 46D). We must give heartfelt thanks to the lady who issued these two boarding pass. We must congratulate her as she was kind enough to issue boarding pass in two compartments though there were enough opportunity to issue boarding pass in one compartment and side by side. The performance of that staff I should say most unprofessional and unskill. I found the staff engaged to support wheel chair in Changi airport behaved unprofessional.
  In June, I flew in first from Los Angeles to Manila return via Singapore. Everything was top notch. Cabin crew are delightfully interactive and helpful. The flat bed seats are so wide. The entertainment screen is large. The selection of films is marvelous. The food is scrumptuous. The Lalique branded amenity kit and sleepwear are divine. The first class Star Alliance lounge in LAX is quiet, private, and offers a menu to order from. The Private Room within the first class lounge at Singapore Changi Airport feels so exclusive and also offers a great food menu. 
  Jakarta to Bangalore via Singapore. Their own staff suggested me to change flight which I agreed. But in the new flight, they did not provide the vegetarian food I had ordered in advance. I did not expect them to provide the same variant I ordered. I was told that they will provide any other vegetarian option. The cabin crew refused to make any adjustments. Zero empathy and rude behaviour of the cabin crew makes it worthless to fly this airlines again. Cramped seats in the aircraft A350-900 in economy seats keeps reminding you that you are in cattle class.
  New York to Frankfurt. This was my first time flying in Singapore Airlines business class. The experience was fabulous from beginning to end. Lounge experience was a bit disappointing, but that seems to be a thing at JFK for most non-hub carriers (SQ uses partners' lounge as the airline doesn't have one at JFK). The A380 was bit old, but clean with ultra-wide seats. Service and catering were excellent.
 London to Singapore. Check in area was chaotic to say the least and I had to label my own baggage prior to drop off. The Kris Lounge is a shared lounge and it was bursting at the seems, basically no seating, therefore had to go to local coffee shop. The service onboard was not what I expected from a 5 Star airline like Singapore Airlines. I would put the service down to being pretty poor and with an old aircraft to match. The only really good thing I can say was that the Wi-Fi was good. I expected much more from Singapore Airlines considering they are 5 Star and have recently won the coveted Skytrax Award for best airline.
  Kuala Lumpur to Tokyo via Singapore. It was my first time taking SIA, and was not a memorable one. The inflight service is nothing to shout out about. Seating comfort is average. Cabin crews were not that warm, they are just doing their job. The in-flight entertainment is so-so. Non-english movies come without English subtitle. My biggest frustration is the quality of food. I am Muslim and pre-ordered the Muslim special meal. On SIN-HND route, as we flew at night and it was mid-long haul, we were given snack around 2 hours after departure. I was just served a piece of cake while the others got a sandwich. However, the crew was kind enough to offer me a vege sandwich. While flight en route HND-SIN, was more surprising. I got on board around 9.15am, and we had lunch served around 4.5 hour after departure, without being served snack. They offered us peanuts and juice 2 hours after departure. All in all, I do not find SIA is accommodating enough but they  offer good price for the ticket.
 Singapore to Perth. SQ is getting more disappointing over time. This is my 2nd flight in a week that is delayed by an hour (my last was late by 90 minutes). SQ used to be reliable and comfortable. In today’s delay of 55 minutes, nobody bothered to walk around to give anyone water or juice. After take off, pre-dinner drinks service no longer comes with the trolley. Passengers have a choice of water, juice or beer from the tray. When did SQ downgrade it’s drink service to European standards? Cabin service overall was good. Food is average. However, the cost cutting measures of SQ is highly visible. I still have a few more business class flights booked till the end of the year but with such bad reliability in schedule, I am switching after this year.
 Perth to Singapore. Flight was due to depart late, but the delay was further compounded at the airport due to cargo unloading. In the end, we departed over 90 minutes after the original time. For some reason, safety video was loud in the economy cabin and then turned up even louder. We had to cover our ears. Service was inconsistent - most cabin staff were good, one was particularly curt. We arrived in Singapore with only 30 minutes to the time our connecting flight departed. The ground staff tried really hard to get us into the connecting flight - but the Malaysia Airlines counter was closed and we missed our flight because we could not get our boarding passes. We were rebooked onto a SilkAir flight the next morning with hotel vouchers to stay at the Crowne Plaza, plus dinner and breakfast included. SQ also contacted the hotel to extend their buffet opening hours to 11pm to accommodate us. Despite the frustration of missing a flight, Singapore Airlines delay management team has done very well to make things smooth. We still felt looked after having missed a flight. The delay management staff who helped us out was very impressive.
  Singapore to Manchester. Very poor service in business class. I have flown SQ business class many times before but this is the first time I have experienced such terrible service. Was particularly disappointed with the food and beverage service, and availability of cabin crew. I had requested Thai chicken curry and rice for supper, but changed my mind and requested the FA to wake me up for breakfast. I woke up just as they were serving breakfast and I requested breakfast. About 20 min later, one of the FA's served my the Thai chicken curry and rice. I was a bit shocked and told her that I requested breakfast, not supper, to which she replied they can serve only one meal to pax, and since I hadn't eaten this for supper, they brought it to me for breakfast. What? Only one meal in business class on a 13h 30m flight? And they say normal breakfast (you know toast, cereals and orange juice) is not available? Absolutely ridiculous. Not acceptable, especially in business class. Also, once they served supper (or breakfast), they went into the galley/crew rest area and never came out, and during the entire 13h 30m journey they did not even offer water to any of the pax. Again, this is not acceptable, not anywhere, let alone business class. Extremely disappointed with SQ, really did not expect them to be so lax. Will be flying the competition from now on, they just lost a customer.
  I don't understand why people say SQ is the best airline in the world. The service has really gone downhill in the past 5 years. I was traveling with my 10 month old daughter and husband on the non-stop from Singapore to LA (round trip). The flight attendants don't pay attention to details. They say they will wash baby bottles, but they hand back the bottle with milk still in it. So I had to request to wash the bottles myself (thankfully they allowed this). We ordered the "Book the Cook" meals, but the flight attendant didn't look up our info so they tried to serve us regular meals. When I told them we ordered "Book the Cook" meals they asked us what we ordered. I couldn't remember. Between the two of us that's 8 meals on 2 different flights that I booked in advance. If I knew I had to bring confirmation of the meal request, I would have done that.  They heated up my daughter's meal without asking so it had to be thrown away because it needs to be consumed within one hour and she was sleeping because the flight was a night flight. The seats are uncomfortable for a 16 hour flight. I feel that economy plus seats for a long-haul flight should recline more. Also, the seats were really difficult for me to recline. When we boarded the plane, there was no bottled water in the water holders. Overall, it was just underwhelming. The price wasn't too bad considering it was Economy Plus and a non-stop flight to LA. I think the airline has good ideas, they just are executed properly by their staff.
 Singapore to Perth with Singapore Airlines. Upon boarding, I was surprised at how close the seats were. The screen was very close to my face, which wasn’t very comfortable. The windows are new - no screens, but simply dim according to 1 of 6 settings. Even in economy, we have a USB charging port, which is a plus. Food was average. We had a choice between a western and an Asian dish. The servings were generous, and we ate from a tray with metal utensils - which is a big plus considering the number of airlines that feed us out of cupboard. Entertainment was relatively good - although not as good as Qatar Airways selection. Service still lives up to its name. Given the price of economy class, this was a decent enough ride for 4.5 hours.
  Amsterdam to Singapore. Great food. Entertainment is ok. They have many Hollywood movies. Service is the best. Because I didn’t eat much, the stewardess asked if they could give me something else. Will definitely fly again.
 
Brisbane to Singapore on the late night flight. Boarding was on time and proceeded smoothly, with the usual warm welcome from the cabin crew. The seating and space is good, as expected in premium economy, with ample locker space. The seats include a leg support which is ineffective, and the footrest is not very good. There are no pre-flight drinks, unlike other airlines premium economy, and the water bottles had not been put out into the holders. This seems to be a hit and miss affair, sometimes the bottles in place on boarding, and other times only handed out later. Having water available immediately at least compensates to some degree for the lack of pre-take off drinks. Drinks were served with the meal shortly after take off, and again the Singapore attitude to premium economy is apparent. Food is the same as economy served on plastic trays, with no linen or crockery. Drinks are served in plastic tumblers. SQ advertise champagne available throughout the flight, and serve a good quality champagne, but in a tiny plastic tumbler. Service starts in premium economy, but the same crew carry on through economy, and trays remain until service is complete, and no drink refills are offered in the meantime. Water bottles were eventually handed out after meal service. Singapore economy class service is probably the best in the world, and on this flight the crew were superb. Unfortunately they do not seem to be committed to premium economy, and the enhancements which are provided by their competitors are absent. The primary justification for the “premium” price is space and comfort, which is provided, but having paid a not insignificant premium on the fare the expectation of an improved service level does not seem unreasonable. Overall the flight was good, with a superb crew, and it is unfortunate that SQ do not match other airlines with their premium economy service.
  Seattle to Singapore. I was quite excited about flying the Singapore Airlines A350 in Premium Economy class. I chose the bulkhead (an additional $130 USD over the regular Premium Economy fare) as my seat.  I was disappointed with the seat. It was barely wider than an Economy Class seat, the leg rest might as well be non existent (it only extends about 3 inches), and there’s no dedicated lavatory for Premium Economy. Not to mention, the meals and cabin service are the same as Economy. Their so called Noise Canceling headphones aren’t noise canceling at all. I will pay extra for Premium Economy on EVA or Air Canada, but never again on Singapore Airlines.
  Singapore to Brisbane. Cabin crew ensure you’re having the best experience. I missed getting an amenities kit as I had gone to use the lavatory. After mentioning this to a FA he went to get one however they had run out. So he tracked down every individual item, even going to business class for it to make sure I’d get a kit. The services are excellent; you get two hot towels, a blanket and a pillow, snacks and more. The seats are reasonably comfortable for economy and the in flight entertainment is expansive. The toilets are cleaned and stocked with dental kits. While more foot room and further reclining seats are always desirable, that’s never going to change in economy class.  I will fly Singapore Airlines again.
  Flight from Stockholm  to Moscow. Swift boarding. Clean and bright economy class cabin, very comfortable seat. Impeccable service. Very tasty and lavish (for such a short flight) breakfast (s. photo). No wonder the airline keeps being ranked so high in all reviews. Overall impression: very impressive flight with a pleasant aftertaste. Bravo!
  Singapore to Melbourne. I have taken SQ many times and each time is a little worse than the flight before. This flight was on time and passengers were boarded according to section. I was lucky that there was a spare seat between myself and the guy with the aisle seat. Once we took off, the passenger in front reclined (day flight) and it sure makes economy feel so squeezy. Unlike their promise on the website that you won’t be packed like sardines, you are. I can’t eat fish but I guess SQ decided to save money by incorporating all allergies. My breakfast was gluten free (revolting hard dry roll), no dairy and no sugar. I was appalled by it compared to the normal breakfast. I am glad I brought snacks like chocolate and cookies. The selection of entertainment was fine and the toilets are kept clean. However paying so much more to go with SQ I expected the standards to be maintained not reduced. I think I will only base future travel on price as this so called great airline is not so great.
 Stockholm to Moscow return. Check-in at Stockholm airport quick with very friendly staff; boarding fast; crew very friendly and polite; aircraft very clean with nice seats; entertainment system has a lot of choice with new movies. Amount of food was not much but enough for this short flight. We arrived one hour late at Moscow Domodedevo airport due to a technical problem on the previous flight. I would definitely recommend flying with Singapore Airlines and I think that this is the best carrier.
  Singapore to Adelaide. I dont know what happened to Singapore Airlines but just had my worst Economy flight ever. I am on the tall side with over 1.90cm but have had no issues on this flight over the decades on A310/A340/777/A330 in Eco and the occasional Biz class. My 1st time on their new A350-900 with their new economy seating and will be my last. The legroom is non existent.  My knees were in constant contact with the seat infront. If the person infront of you decides to recline then you get to enjoy the screen about 20cm from your face. The seats are an absolute nightmare. Not only is the pitch terrible but also the width which is a complete joke. If you are travelling with a family member then fine otherwise you get to enjoy constant shoulder rubbing with your neighbour. The seat padding is the hardest i have come across. Having flown Thai's A350-900 the weekend before to Bangkok in standard eco seat as well and having no issues, I was looking forward to the SQ experience. What an incredible let down that was. The Thai product is so much better which is something i would have thought I would never say when comparing to SQ. Even Emirates a few months before in Economy was an absolute joy in comparison. The inbound flight was a 23:10 departure and our dinner consisted of a beverage and a packet of peanuts before lights were turned off. 4 hours later breakfast was served which consisted of yoghurt, a bit of fruit, bread roll and flavourless noodles or omelette. Not being able to sleep, you had to play catch the crew walking past if you wanted water. Not being heavyset, the tray actually pushed into my stomach when folded out which was also a new experience. On the return leg I managed to get the extra legroom seat in row 55 which was fine legroom wise but it was even more narrow then the standard seat as the tray folds out of the armrest taking up width. Compared to the standard economy seat this one is bearable for the 7 hours but again, not for anything longer. Whilst boarding and scanning the ticket the ground staff in ADL remarked" oh, I am glad you got that seat as you are tall". Whilst on board and having settled into the seat, the steward's pre-empted my seat neighbour's and my comment with "yeah i know, they are very narrow" so I can imagine the number of complaints about their seats. My neighbour and I, whilst trying to avoid shoulder contact had a lengthy discussion about how terrible these SQ seats have become. I will be exploring other carriers and connections in future as the premium paid for Singapore Airlines is simply not there anymore. Reading the number of gripes on the web about their Biz seats as well, I will be sure to choose other carriers in the future which saddens me as have been flying Singapore Airlines my entire life and had them in the highest regard until now but wont be enduring this torture ever again. I have absolutely no idea how they were voted best airline again.
  Singapore to Perth. Was disappointed with the level of service as my grandson wasn't served the entree and my husband who had pre-ordered his "Ramen" main meal was served it cold and has to ask for it to be heated. Fail to understand how in business class staff can fail to serve one of the courses particularly when my family members were seated in the second row from the front. Overall on my earlier flight from Rome to Singapore the service was okay, not outstanding. I have flown numerous times Business Class in the last 5 years and I have noticed a deterioration in the level of service.
  Jakarta to Singapore. I asked for a Vegetarian meal, but they gave us seafood instead. The fish is covered by pasta so we didn’t notice until my wife took a bite. Complain to one of the flight attendants, they said sorry, which to me isn’t enough. This is the 2nd time happens to me, not happy. Shouldn’t trust SQ that much.
  Outstanding service from check-in to landing on both Canberra to Singapore and Singapore to Sydney flights. My husband injured his foot in Singapore and the staff arranged for us to be moved to front row seating where more leg room was available. In addition, they arranged for a wheelchair at both ends. Cabin crew were amazing; thank you Singapore Airlines.
  Singapore to Delhi. After having the experienced the most arrogant crew ever on an SQ Business Class I have chosen Star Alliance Alternatives such as Asiana and ANA for my recent flights and I have not been disappointed at all, but for my flight to India, there was not viable option, so I went back to SQ and was disappointed again. They are dropping standards. The 2 passengers besides me had to suffer dropping water from the overhead cabinets without any solution, my food was lousy, I found the legroom below the standard of above mentioned airlines. The booking procedure is like a low cost where they are charging up to 10% of the total ticket price for a front row seat. All this from an airlines which was by all means the Best Airline in my flight experience, just a few years back.
  Melbourne to Singapore. Cabin crew refused to ask passenger in front of me to pull the chair backup when he served meals. I found it very unprofessional. I asked to speak to his supervisor, he then gave in to ask the front seat passenger to pull his chair up for me to have my meal. No more Singapore Airlines. I got the connected flight from Singapore to Nepal on SilkAir and to my surprise, before even handed my meal, the cabin crew asked the front seat passenger to pull up his chair for me to have my meal. I am not special, they have done that to everyone passenger.
 Colombo to Bali via Singapore. Extremely disappointed by the service provided by each cabin crew members of each flight, very arrogant and rude to passengers, basically they didn’t care about the requests made by myself and by other members who flew with me. Our expectations were very high on this airline, but it’s not worth the money we spent on, seriously will not recommend or fly on this airline hereafter.
 Singapore to Jakarta with Singapore Airlines. Disappointing aircraft. The crews are fine. But not necessarily showing great service. Further the mobile apps of the airline was down and most of the time I couldn’t check in online. Bad experience overall. Expensively priced which makes it a very overpriced disappointing experience.
  Christchurch to Bangkok via Singapore. Was upgraded from Premium Economy to Business for first leg, and flew Economy on second. First time flying Singapore and for the most part I was satisfied, but expected it to be much better. The hard product was fine, comfortable business class seats, good food and plenty of IFE options. Service could use improvement, had a short connection in Singapore but the gate number was not provided until about 1 hour before landing. After "running" to the gate, there was no plane or staff there, not even any signage informing of new gate. Had to search on my phone only to find out it was changed to opposite side of the terminal. Again had to run to new gate and boarded just in time.
 Singapore Airlines provide an excellent service. I arrived late to the airport, and of course this was my mistake, but Singapore Airlines moved me to the next flight without me paying any extra charge. One thing that must be corrected is the attitude of their ground staff at Hong Kong Airport (HKG), which is a little less friendly to serve passengers, even though there is only one staff like that but the adverse effects can be comprehensive. But I still thank Singapore Airlines for giving me new tickets for free even though the late arrival to the airport was purely my own fault. All cabin crew on this flight were very friendly. Wide legroom and of course the inflight entertainment as always was up to date. I can only recommend to fly with Singapore Airlines. and for me, of course I will fly again with them.
  I flew from Jakarta to Hong Kong on September 19, 2019. The service was almost perfect. where the flight is very timely, excellent service from the cabin crew, wide space between seats. The only thing that is less comfortable in this aircraft is that entertainment on board still uses a remote system which makes operating the monitor more difficult than current full service airlines which almost all use a touch screen system. but for the whole, I really recommend you to fly with Singapore Airlines.
  The check-in process is always a breeze. This is probably the best thing about SingAir. Boarding is also a quick process. Most of the planes are a bit aged. Thus the screen or the audio jack may not work. The newer planes have better legroom. Although I always sneeze whenever I ride their planes, therefore the seats may not be disinfected regularly. They try to have a variety of dishes, but if you ride SingAir frequently, you will notice that the names of the dishes may change but the taste is just the same. I always like their salads. The crew do their job like clockwork, and that's about it just like an automatic clock. No personalised service, no understanding the needs of the passengers. I've been to a lot of flights with SingAir and you may have 1 or 2 passengers who can be a bit demanding and needy, but the rest are understanding. Frequent flyers know that they have a hundred and million things to do, but being an attendant is like a profession just like being a doctor who commits himself/herself to every patient under their care. That is the demand of the job. Lastly, it is very rare that SingAir flights are delayed, but in the rare occasions that they are, SingAir does not offer provisions for passengers who are inconvenienced by it. We don't need fancy hotels but maybe a space where we can relax other than the airport chairs or offer a massage or offer a meal or drink. Other airlines do that, why can't SingAir? Overall, SingAir is still a good airline if you are not very particular about things like the attendants being sensitive and aware that passengers are people that they should be taking care of or that the food tastes the same even though the names are different or hey don't offer anything to passengers who are inconvenienced with the delays.
  Melbourne to Mumbai via Singapore. Everything from check-in, boarding, cabin service, baggage handling, meals, seats went smoothly on this return flight which we had to book at extremely short notice for a family emergency (booked the flight less than 12 hours hours before departure). The call centre and airport staff did everything they could to sort out our vegetarian meals, and provide a wheelchair for my elderly aunt that travelled with me. Singapore Airlines is generally one of the cheaper options on this route which we travel on quite frequently but I would spend that extra money even if it’s not the cheapest option. No WiFi on any flights.
  . Seoul to Kochi via Singapore. My flight from Kochi to Singapore on SilkAir was very good with enough leg space and tv, food option was just satisfactory, but I appreciate the before flight food pack they gave. Singapore to Seoul was okay, almost on par with Kochi to Singapore but bigger flight (I found silk air have better leg space than Singapore airlines. But return was very disappointing. Seoul to Singapore things except food was on par, but cabin crew was rushing, they gave me less than 2 min to use wet wipes and was eager to collect it back even before I used. Singapore to India worst service, even before they start they were left with veg food and non veg food they asked me but I didn't get it, though my seat was in 1st 15 seats. Toilet just a pair of toilet at back and front toilet though free reserved for business class seats, they didn't let me use it as economy class passenger. There was no TV on return flight and used mobile app to view their movies, limited food option and lack of consistency in service makes me not go on this airline unless to a route that has Singapore as destination for good service and flights are generally scheduled for it Air Asia though less options has better food choices or at least 1-2 very good choices to buy. Advantages  Flight Date change possible for very low fee, which I did. Luggage 30kg very useful. Very quick service Definitely gives 6-10 rating no comparison to other top airlines. 
 London to Singapore. Very disappointed. The cabin service was fine, the flight was uneventful. I went to a great deal of time and trouble with Singapore Airline Officials in setting us up 6 months in advance with a seat choice that would accommodate my elderly mother being close to the lavatory. More than one phone call was made in a bid to secure a satisfactory response for this return and the outgoing flight on June 5. We ended up so far from where we wanted to be that the contempt I have for Airline Officials is significant. How on earth does an elderly infirm woman make her way to the back row when the walking device she uses is not allowed to come with her. I repeated many times that we would need an Aisle Chair, yet this was noticeably absent each time we boarded. Only after holding up the boarding, did an Aisle chair become available. I was so incensed after the first flight that I contacted SIA and told them what I really thought and their reaction for the return flight confirmed my long-held belief that this airline is only after my money and once that was in their possession - anything goes. Well I am not going to forget the battles I have had and the ignorance and contempt their administration has demonstrated on every occasion. They have lost me. The in-flight Service cannot override my sentiments. Do not bother if you are anything but a passenger who is happy to hand over your money and accept great service when your basic requests are treated so poorly. The Admin team is inept and say "Yes" to every request yet failed to deliver. The cabin crew could not believe the admin ignored me until I showed them the emails. But it is no good to say sorry as the apology is inflammatory given the disadvantage that my mother was placed in, and not to mention the inconvenience to others which I dutifully tried to avoid. The damage is already done.
  Singapore to London. Incredibly inept Admin. I spent time establishing parameters for which my elderly mother could get a seat close to the lavatory and after many calls direct to Singapore I had confirmation that the range of seats we would get was limited but acceptable. I got this in an email. At boarding, it became clear the layout for our flight was vastly different to that which had been shown previously. She was as far from the lavatory as she could be. Other passengers could not pass us in the aisle and the journey to the lavatory took 10 minutes with the turbulence we encountered. No aisle seats was available in Business class despite a prior agreement that one would be aboard. I may as well have not bothered dealing with the airline. That SIA failed to deliver on this flight and the ensuing return later, shows the customer what the airline think of even their Business Class passengers - absolutely nothing. There is little their superb in-flight service did to improve the bitter resentment on my part. I expected much better after the initial discussions, I got contempt.
  Mumbai to Singapore. Great Flight, departed/arrived on time. Excellent service. The hard product was the older seat which was significantly worse than the newer ones. This is because the A330s will be retired soon and replaced with Boeing 787 and A350s. I would advise that if possible you catch the A380 flight which leaves around the same time as it would be a better choice in my opinion especially if travelling in business class. Paid roughly 470 SGD for a return ticket which is a great price.
 Istanbul to Singapore. Always love the aircraft that SQ use for this route, the Business Class seat super bulky and comfort instead of modern and lacking comfort. Love it!
 Bali to Singapore. As always SQ know how to run an airline business. Warm hospitality and I will always take with them for Southeast Asia route, always keep up the nice work!
  Between Singapore and Kansai, Singapore Airlines operates night and day flights, night flights being one Boeing 787-10 that was grounded (Rolls-Royce engine troubles) at the time of my reservation. I had to move to day flight with 10 years old A330. Obviously there was a strong seat difference, but rest of service offered was perfect. From lounge to quick luggage delivery, delicious meal, and a great beverages offer.
  Singapore to Delhi. Bid for an upgrade so was thrilled it had been accepted. What an experience. My seat was 94A, a beautiful comfortable seat. My wonderful FA Celestine looked after me so well. The food was special but I stopped at the third course. The turbulence was a little harsh so my bed was made for me to nap. I was offered camomile tea. This was an experience I’ll never forget. I have flown business before a few times but experienced nothing like this level of comfort and care. Just wowed me.
  Sydney to Istanbul via Singapore. Blown away by how amazing Singapore airlines is. Food was great for airline food, and the staff were amazing. Even though there were some annoying people on second leg being really rude and unreasonable (demanding coffee when water was being served, insisting they get to move seats because they were cold and yelling when staff told them they couldn’t) - the staff were courteous even though the customers were being so rude. Also the online service via email is fast and super helpful. They are simply the best airline I’ve flown.
  Wonderful experience with Singapore Airlines. Once entering aircraft was greeted by friendly cabin crew who showed me to my seat, came around and gave me headphones and eye shades. With my status, I was given a whole row to myself and the crew gave me business-class quality hot towel and headphones. The aircraft, being 15 days old at the time of flying, had a fast touchscreen monitor. The toilets were stocked with free amenities, including toothbrush and toothpaste. Crew took my order first, food choices sweet and sour pork or steamed fish. I chose the pork, was so delicious.  Delicious Turkish pide, couscous salad, and bread roll. I was also given an activity pack (although really not for my age still a nice touch), which featured a deck of cards and some crayons. KrisWorld lounge was a bit crowded even at midnight, with a stream of people waiting to connect.  The seat was plush and featured adjustable headrest, footrest and much more. Probably my favourite are the little storage pockets you will find under the seat - one is shaped perfectly for your passport and phone, and the other for your boarding pass and immigration cards. However the WiFi is very overpriced, cannot believe that they are charging $20 for some 100MB of data- Scoot is cheaper at $18. Would also have liked to see some more new and blockbuster movies on the iFE, was a bit disappointed.
  Singapore to Amsterdam. Wonderful experience. With book the cook, I got my laksa which was creamy and tasty. The skybed opens flat and allowed for a decent 8hours sleep. Service is excellent. I managed to get a good selection of Sulwhasoo on the flight at prices even better than the airport. Throughout the flight, requests were filled within minutes. Will definitely fly again.
  This was a great experience from San Francisco to Singapore. The seat was very comfortable, and had a generous 8 inches of recline. There was also a nice reading light next to the seat. The TV screen was huge and itwas really responsive. There was also a nice footrest. If you choose a window seat from rows 40-44, you get a huge compartment for storage. This was SQ33 and had only business and premium economy seats. An hour after take off the first meal was served, and I chose the Korean beef short rib. This was really good. I used the online Book the Cook to choose the meal, which was a great service. The menu also included an amenity kit with some really soft eye mask, a toothbrush, a comb, and some socks on request. In the back at the galley there was a self serve snack bar. Also there are 2 free checked bags with SQ premium economy. They served some snacks in the middle of the flight for those who were still awake, and I got an apple. They also handed out water bottles in the beginning of the flight, which was very generous. Then in the morning I got breakfast, some noodles and pork, and that was really good. The selection for the TV was really nice too, and it included a ton of Marvel including endgame.
 Munich to Singapore. Unfortunately SQ uses LH services & lounges in MUC. Senator lounge service was extremely poor. We did not feel welcome neither at arrival, neither inside. Wines (of low quality) are not in self-service, quantity served in glasses are severely controlled and personnel (when present) showed agressivity to all customers. Food was inedible (overcooked minced pork), with no other choice. Wi-Fi did not work well. Bad service could also be testified at boarding where LH personnel showed bad mood and did not respect the usual SQ procedures with obvious privileges for their Miles &More passengers. On the other hand we were pleased by the new seats on A350. Plane is fabulous, service was top-notch. We did not want to leave that plane. It is shocking to see that both airlines are quoted 5 stars. LH has a long long way to go to get there.
  Perth to Singapore. My seat was a single seat by the window. The seat fully reclines and a little enclave under the monitor allows legs to be fully stretched out (for short people like me). Overall, a comfortable flight with good entertainment and plenty of food. I was even able to get Umeshu on the flight. Service is excellent and the complimentary WiFi service tied me through 5 hours on WhatsApp.
  Paris to Singapore. I was very impressed how the team of Singapore airlines crew SQ335 28th August 2019 looked after me during the flight. They were so professional and kind. I had a migraine and the staff even went and got my husband with out me knowing from Premium. I couldn’t speak highly enough of Yoshi, Raimond, Andrea & all the team. I can’t thank them enough. 
  We have flown multiple times via Singapore airlines and on each occasion we have had an issue of some kind usually related to seats and Singapore ground staff. Despite complaints directly to the airline I always feel I am wasting my time so I might as well go public with a review. The cabin is nearly always nice and the service is generally good although I have previously been left unable to eat as the only food left has been noodles with prawns and I have an allergy to prawns. On this occasion however we booked our tickets in business class and now that we attempt to select seats we are told we are unable to select the seat. The options are single seats spread around the cabin with no option to sit close to each other over a 12+ hour flight - that said we are still unable to book. We booked the tickets 10 months ago and I refuse to accept we were the last people to book this flight. We have contacted customer services to receive the answer seats are subject to availability. While I can accept that there are limitations on seating we are in advance of online check-in and were just checking available seats of which there are half a dozen dotted around the cabin. To be effectively told tough luck for a $5000 seat is just not acceptable. Unless you are flying alone I would not recommend Singapore airlines. They are totally inflexible in everything they do and do not have any understanding of passenger needs.
  Melbourne to Singapore. Boarding was efficient and strictly adhered too which was great especially when some passengers tried to barge in. Economy is quite tight especially when the person in front reclines immediately for the whole flight. You have to recline yourself then otherwise your screen is right in your face. Was surprised not to get hot towels before take off and before landing. I guess cost cutting? No big deal but it used to be a nice touch. The toilets were kept clean with toothbrushes/paste sets in there, lotions ... that’s always nice. The flight attendants were run off their feet on this full flight but were still charming and sweet. The food probably was not as nice as my previous flights with them, the snack was awful. Again, its economy and expectations are never high. My advice is to bring your own snacks. Entertainment options were very good and we arrived in Singapore early too. I love SQs efficiency and reliability, friendly FAs and cleanliness.
 Manila to Singapore. Surprisingly, they only have one meal to offer for this flight on Aug 25, no other choice. Nevertheless, the service is still excellent with the stewardess being very attentive to my call and request.
 We travelled from Singapore to Auckland in seats 41A and 41B with extra legroom. The seats were bulkhead and were okay. However, I have a complaint about passengers bringing on too much luggage as they call these seats last when you get on the plane. All the overhead lockers are full of other passengers bags - we had to put our luggage at least 6 compartments down from where we were sitting. A worry when I had all our passports etc in one of the bags as on take-off we could not have a bag near us and no seats to put it under. My major complaint is that as we were the first row after the Premium compartment and when meals etc were served they were served from the other end of the plane - we were last to be served. No offer of pre-dinner drinks (I had to get up and ask the crew after our meals were served). We had no choice in dinner we had what was left! Chicken! At breakfast the same happened all there was left was noodles and beef. I said to the crew I would like the scrambled egg please and he said it had all gone. I said I did not want noodles for breakfast so off he went and minutes later he brought scrambled egg dish. They forgot my husband and after 10 minutes they came with a breakfast meal. Why on earth do they give you a flash menu if they can't serve you what you want? All in all a disappointing flight I always put Singapore Airlines in high regards but not this time. Such a pity - maybe the crew were just overworked. I would recommend if there was no alternative.
  Dusseldorf to Singapore. It was my first time on Singapore Airlines and I had pretty high hopes for the airline, and they were mostly fulfilled. The crew were very nice and clear about situations going on inflight. Considering I was flying economy, I would give them a good pass. Before boarding, the staff at the gate were pretty excited to welcome passengers. The seats were comfortable though my headrest was rather broken as its height was not adjustable. I enjoyed the seat pockets (you can organise your stuff pretty well) and everything felt good in quality. I also enjoyed the inflight entertainment. The screen was massive and clear and everything was responsive. The selection of movies was also really good with many rather recent movies. They provided an earphone adapter so you could use your own earphones easily when using the inflight entertainment. They distributed a menu before take-off. The food was quite good though my seat neighbours did not like it as much as I did. They provided drinks throughout the 12-hour flight. What I was surprised about, though, is that you can use your roaming data on the flight! In this case, you wouldn't need to purchase to the expensive onboard WiFi but instead, just subscribe for internet through your own data service provider. The A350 itself was also really enjoyable to fly with. Comfortable, spacious, large windows and rather quiet.
 
Early morning flight to Jakarta, on the A350-900, with a 3-class configuration. The overall ambience of the cabin is bright and airy, and the newest version of the in-flight entertainment is a big bonus for this short hop flight. Seating is comfortable for this duration of flight (way better than the experience in an A320 or B737). We left on time, and the crew were then rushing to serve breakfast. Food was reasonably good (omelette or nasi lemak), and we landed on time also. Crew were a little rushed and courteous rather than friendly, but good enough. I appreciated that the crew were meticulous about asking passengers to raise their seats to the upright position for the meal service, small things like this help in economy.
  Singapore to Delhi. This was our return journey on SQ406 (SIN-DEL) after we arrived in singapore 10 days before with them on SQ401 (which was definitely very good) Things took a U-turn here. The crew onboard was RUDE to the core. No courtsey, Zero on management. We were assigned seats at the end of the plane for 5 people. At the time of serving food, they served the entire plane before us, rows ahead of us and rows behind us, but did not offer us any food. after 2 hours of takeoff, with the entire plane almost dozed off after their meals, they came to us only to inform, they have no food available. Only 1 tray, that too with Fish. We were with a kid, hungry. Had we have known this, we would have had our own meal at the airport. On confronting them, they could only apologize. But somehow managed to get a veg tray from somewhere and we fed the little one. The entire journey we got nothing to eat! We travelled without meals.   6 hours journey. They had no remorse. Called them to serve water, they did not bother to serve it.  It was a nightmare of a flight. 4 of us were hungry throughout and were waiting for this nightmare to end as soon as possible. We could have done online checkin and booked our meals beforehand, but with the child, this is not possible to do so online and we had to do a manual checkin. Was this our fault? I don't think so.
   Los Angeles to Singapore, 16.5hrs overnight. 2 adults, 3 children (7yrs, 5yrs and 8 months old) at gate \i am told that the entertainment system does not work. 4 rows of seats are not working. in flight for 16.5hrs, no lights as windows required to be shut, no lights on the seats, not charger for phone, no entertainment, they offered me to move my 2 kids to the back of the airplane so they can watch movies, I guess they have no children. then offered me ~$110 USD voucher to use on the flight for the inconvenience. I had to play with my kids, draw and color using my phone flashlight, my wife feeding my 8mths old with her phone flashlight. This was Premium Economy seats that do not cost few dollars??  I complained and their response was, "you received a voucher for the inconvenience and you rejected the two available seats."  I understand some issues are out of their control such as the system not operating but a $110 for the inconvenience, also, on the way back, our system works, but other passengers experience the same. Completely disappointed with Singapore Airlines Customer Relations. Will not travel with them again.
 Johannesburg to Singapore in premium economy on the recently introduced second flight. Priority boarding after business class allows time to settle in, with ample space in the overhead lockers. Just three rows in the cabin, with good legroom and comfortable seats, which have a decent recline. There is a footrest on the seat in front, and a calf rest attached to the seat, which seems to serve no purpose other than create problems for the crew in trying to them stowed for landing. Good sized TV screen which is easy to operate. Overall the hard product is good. However there is nothing premium about the service, which is strictly economy. There are no pre take-off drinks, and there was no bar service after take-off prior to the meal. This may have been due to the late hours departure and a wish to serve the meal as quickly as possible, but one would have thought that with a maximum of 24 in premium economy this would not have been a big issue. Amenity kits are no longer handed out, but the menu indicated they were available on request. Meals were tasty, but the same as economy, served on plastic trays. No sign of table cloths and proper crockery as shown on the website. Drinks are served in plastic as opposed to glasses, and in small quantities. Wine was a basic white or red in a small plastic tumbler half filled. Fruit juice slightly larger serving, but still meagre. No offers of refills until the trays were eventually removed. There are no dedicated crew in premium economy. Service starts with premium, but then proceeds through economy, with clearing starting at the back of economy, so that premium economy is the last to be cleared. With the time difference the second meal was lunch. This time I ordered champagne, served in a plastic stemmed “glass” amounting to half a normal glass, again no refills offered until trays cleared, at which time the champagne had disappeared from the trolly. The main reason for choosing premium economy is space and comfort, on which there are no complaints. However notwithstanding the fact that Singapore economy is amongst the best, it is not a premium economy service. Having chosen to pay a significant premium over economy, it is disappointing that the enhancements provided by other airlines are not provided.
 Singapore to Canberra via Sydney. I have flown many times with economy airlines such as Jetstar and AirAsia. But my first ever flights with Singapore Airlines which I had high hopes for were a washout. The economy seats are much smaller than AirAsia and all you are getting for your extra dollars is a menu and entertainment options. Also I have an injury and asked for help getting on and off the plane before the crush. They made me get a medical certificate to prove the injury but let me on with every one else. And with a broken foot those small seats were even worse. I will return to AirAsia for future flights.
  Singapore to Perth. Seat layout was 1-2-1, although no skybed for such a short flight. The seats were narrower but still comfortable. I fell asleep even before take-off and then woke up after to set my seat flat. Due to jetlag, I spent the entire flight asleep and the air stewardess asked if she could get me something else to eat when we were about to touch down. Great service. I will definitely fly Singapore again - although I am not sure if business class is worth the short trip.
  Singapore Airlines represents quality at its best - food, service, seats, entertainment. Champagne, juice or water upon boarding. With book the cook, I had chicken rice for lunch preceded by a satay appetizer and succeeded by cheese platter for dessert. The skybed folds out for a comfortable sleep. Service was very quick each time I pressed the call bell. Seat layout is 1-2-1. I still think Singapore Airlines business class is by far the best in the world due to wider seats that are more comfortable.
  Singapore to Surabaya. I always fly Singapore airlines for work, and it has been getting worse by the day. The flight is perpetually delayed. It seems like they do not have a good concept of punctuality. In addition, cabin crew are average in terms of service and pleasantness. the hard product in itself is not something to be lauded. However, among all of it, it has always been the late departure over and over is the one that I think is the biggest pain.
  Singapore to Beijing in economy class and the A380 I took was only a 75% retrofitted plane (Econ Class left out). The seats, toilets, catering was ok but the crew seemed to be quite inattentive and the economy class on that A380 was old and shabby.  Other than that, food seems to be great but my flight had a 30min delay due to a drone flying around at Changi Airport 2nd runway so there was a single runway operation. Other than that it was great so thanks Singapore Airlines.
  Bangkok to Istanbul via Singapore. BKK to SIN on a newish B789 with a great new Business Class seat; comfortable and great IFE with a large HD touchscreen screen. Lounge in Singapore a rather mediocre experience, overcrowded with average food offerings. SQ lounge in BKK was much better. The big disappointment of this trip was the ancient B772 on the SG to IST sector. It was the very old business class seat which is very very uncomfortable. IFE was poor due to the small non touch screen. As usual, no amenity kit, the fresh flowers in the washrooms have been replaced by tacky plastic flowers. It is very hard to understand why the airlines provides a really good hardware product on a 2h flight, but is not able to do the same on a 11h overnight flight. Service and food on both flights was just average. SQ does not even come close to the business class product of Qatar Airways which I usually fly long haul.
  Melbourne to Beijing via Singapore. Overall great experience and Singapore definitely have satisfied us. Upon boarding a hot towel was served. The seat was quite soft, reasonably wide and the legroom was above average. Two full meals were provided on the Melbourne to Singapore sector which was some of the highest quality airline food I have experienced in Economy Class, complemented by the usage of metal cutlery and the ice cream dessert. The only drawback from the flight would be the rather inconvenient Wi-Fi service with pretty much unacceptable pricing for the average user, although on-board SMS and calls were provided, given your carrier supports it on their side. Overall a great experience and does seem to be worth paying a little bit extra for.
  Singapore to Bangkok return. In the past 10 year or so, we can clearly see many once premium airlines in the world have to resort to cost cutting, due to keen competition from low cost carriers and many other factors. Haven't not been on economy class of Singapore for quite some time, I decided to try it for it's a short haul flight plus it's price factor was very good this time. The usual high standard of SIA is there with the immaculately groomed kebaya-clad crew, and the good condition of the plane and its amenities etc. Hot towel service is still provided in economy class which is a nice touch. Menu is not given since it's a short sector. Hot drinks, cold beverages and meals are all served in one go, which cuts time and makes good sense. However, one can clearly see some cost cutting with the portion of the meal smaller, and the taste was rather bland and mediocre. Boeing 787 on the way to BKK was a fine plane, except the seat pitch and the aisle are all very narrow. Sat at the aisle, I was constantly bumped by the crew and passengers, there's almost nowhere foe me to hide as I wild be spilling onto my neighbour's space. It's quite frustrating really. Also the tray table is so close to my stomach, it's uncomfortable to say the least. Touch screen AVOD was very good, and pre-ordered duty free was dully delivered without delay. On return, SIA has a good lounge on concourse D of BKK airport, which is very close to the boarding gate, D6 or 7. A330, despite being an older plane, actually offered more seat pitch and slightly more space. No touch screen this time. The catering from BKK was better than from SIN. Overall, SIA still manage to being one of the top airlines in the world despite some cost cutting. Take advantage of their promotions, which can sometimes beat the budget airlines by the hands down.
  Sydney to Delhi via Singapore. Amazing airline. Excellent customer service. Good food. But cannot understand how this, one of the best airline in the world, has ignored the plight of thousands of travellers who order special meal for so long. The problem is neither with the food nor the service standard of the crew. It is to do with the processes of serving the special meals. Special meals are first served. But no drinks are offered or served on demand. Either one should wait until the remaining passengers are served food with drinks and get a drink and let the nice food sit on the tray and let it get cold. Or eat the food without any drinks, not even water. Singapore Airline should change its processes so thst the crew should bring the same trolley containing the selection of drinks while serving the special meal and offer the same selection of drinks to passengers being served special meal.
  Such terrible service from the outset! After making the booking which included a code share arrangement for 2 adults with an infant, everything started well with a bassinet being requested. From that point I had to call at least four times with apparent issues with the names on itinerary even though they were correct from the outset. This issue arises again upon attempting online check in which wasn’t at all possible because one adults name was somehow written in twice, once as a Mr and one as a Mrs. called and requested a business class upgrade. Was told due to code share it wasn’t possible (hello I’m trying to give you my money)! Thereafter we arrived at the airport to a very rude staff member once again telling me the names were incorrect in the system, even though the night before I had the itinerary emailed to me from Singapore airlines customer call centre showing correct details, after the initial attempt to check in failed, which confirmed names were correct, I showed this document as proof, lady appeared uninterested. codeshare 2nd leg of journey had tickets produced at Melbourne airport by Singapore staff and after being flustered by this to and fro at check in I didn’t bother to check the seat allocation for the 2nd leg which didn’t have bassinet allocation. To our horror we discovered the Singapore Airlines check in lady had allocated us seats in different rows on opposite sides of the plane with a one year old! How can they be so unprofessional? The worst part, when transiting through SIN I approached the transfer counter of the codeshare airline, which is Singapore’s budget carrier Scoot and this helpful assistant was able to pair us together, making the MEL - SIN Singapore employees actions even worse. To top it off the flight wasn’t full, but also we cannot purchase additional baggage online due to once again the codeshare arrangement and furthermore we arrive at our final destination and discovered both our suitcases were broken with the wheels coming off before we exited the airport. Having flown many major international airlines overseas, I will never fly with Singapore again. It’s an indictment on Singapore Airlines that the service and experience on the 2nd leg operated by Scoot overall in SIN airport and on board was far superior to the Singapore airlines journey to SIN. If going Australia to Europe, I highly recommend you consider a Middle East airline that shows accountability and pride in their responsibility to fare paying passengers. My wife and I are absolutely appalled by the service we received from Singapore Airlines. We have made this same journey to Europe 7 times as leisure travellers in the last 8 years and this was by far the worst experience.
  For about 40 years my wife have used business class (including Singapore Airlines many times) for international travel;. On 6 July 2019 we flew Business Class, Brisbane to Singapore on SQ 246. For this Flight, Cabin Crew were excellent, food was very good, cabin was very clean. Seats were very wide. However, for sleeping they were the most uncomfortable seats we have ever encountered. They were hard, you had to lie at an angle and fit your feet into a very small cavity. They were sufficiently uncomfortable that we would never choose Singapore Airlines again for an overnight flight.
  Munich to Singapore. Simply the best! Singapore Airlines really delivers a best-in-class experience – seat, food, and entertainment were all fantastic. But where SQ really stands out is service; I've never seen cabin staff put in such dedication and professionalism: they remembered passenger preferences and native language throughout the 12 hour journey, were always there if you needed anything, and even personally showed passengers to their seats in economy & helped to get bags into the bins. Premium Economy really delivers a competitive product: notably more space and comfort than Economy without the expense or extra frills of Business (I'm 6'0" and couldn't touch the bulkhead with my feet even when I stretched out and tried). Most comfortable Premium Economy seat I've tried.
  Jogjakarta to Amsterdam via Singapore. Good aircraft and amazing cabin crew service. I got a special assistant because I flew myself carrying 1 baby aged 6 months and 1 child aged 4 years. it was amazing for me to feel service in the air that I had never received before. While I was carrying a baby, there was a cabin crew coming to calm down my daughter with earplugs. Then came the cabin crew carrying candy and feeding my child. then came the cabin crew again carrying cookies and finally there was another cabin crew carrying some pillows and putting them on my child's back. Thanks for that amazing service.
 Bangkok to Singapore. Originally booked onto a later flight which was to be operated by a B777, but was offered an earlier option when I checked in rather early. So ended up flying on this B787, which didn't have a first class but only business and economy. Food was quite good - Choice of prawn noodles or omelette with beef sausage (Chose the latter). IFE was decent but have seen better ones at other airlines. Cabin was not cool enough and felt a bit stuffy.
  Zurich to Singapore. Overall a good flight. Our overall impression was pretty good. The crew was polite but seemed disorganized. The quality of the food was reasonable. We ordered via book the cook but the main meal was served lukewarm and the meat was very dry and hard. My husband was offered a dessert, I had to ask for it. The seat was ok,but quite hard in my opinion. The control of the seats did not always respond.
 Paris to Singapore. The cabin of SIA A380 looks a little shabby & old especially the cushion cover. May needs some refurbishment if the aircraft will still be service for another decade.
  We flew Johannesburg to Singapore on SQ479 on July 7th in Business Class and experienced the worst most arrogant crew ever. I travelled with my wife and 2 Daughters (2 and 4 years old) and we were assigned seats 19F and 20D and F. As the seats are very closed, we would have preferred to sit all in one row, so we asked at Check In to be seated in one row, either 19 or 20. They told us it was fully Business Class, but they will leave a note and we can check at the Gate. We did, but the passengers on the window seats did not want to move, which was OK to us as they have been faster than us, so it is OK. Upon closing of the doors, we saw that Seat 20K was free, so I asked the flight attendant if my wife can move then from 19F, so we can sit in one row. She said this is a cockpit seat and she needs to check with the pilot. Upon departure she came back and told us that the pilot does not want to change the seat to 19F or 21K. Really? A pilot who used this seat for 30 minutes does not want to move one row back to let a family with 2 Kids sit in one row? Maybe SQ needs to inform pilots who is paying their high salary.
  Mumbai to Singapore. One of the best inflight services I have experienced. The inflight staff was the highlight of the entire experience. Warm, courteous and always ready with a smile. Just lovely people helping and serving all around.
  Bangkok to Singapore . I was looking forward to flying Singapore Airlines and their new B787-10. I had set my expectations at the same level as Qatar Airways, seeing the fact that they are both 5-star airlines. With this in mind, I would firstly like to say that I was not impressed with Singapore Airlines, as they were quite inconsistent across the categories. The website is user-friendly, but I did encounter some glitches. Online check in is slightly confusing but I was able to manage. We arrived at Bangkok Airport 3.15 hours before our flight, and the check in counters opened 2.45 hours before the flight. It was extremely confusing which line is for which passenger, as they separate Business and Gold into different lines. In the end we were very quickly checked in at the gold counter. Luckily at that time of day security and immigration moved quickly. The Silverkris lounge in Bangkok is in a word, exquisite. The decor is very fancy and there is a manned bar with a barista making craft drinks and all sorts of coffee. Seats were plenty, clean and even the toilets are cleaned after every use! The breakfast buffet was slightly disappointing, but I have come to expect that with all airlines. Boarding was extremely confusing, they asked gold members to queue up with business class but the sign asks them to queue up at the economy door. Not only that, they board business class passengers first then gold members, which makes a mess! Other Star Alliance carriers just board gold and business at the same time. Hassle free! I received a warm welcome at the door, and found my seat. The flight attendant was even kind enough to help my mum lift her suitcase into the overhead compartment! I would never expect a flight attendant to do it out of the blue! The seat was, in a word, horrible. It was so narrow! Qatar Airways also has 3-3-3 seating on their 787s, but it wasn't this narrow. I'm slightly large, but even my rather small mum sat shoulder-to-shoulder with the other passenger in the window seat! Legroom was fine. What I don't get is that these aircraft with small seats are being deployed on flights as far as Brisbane, an 8 hour hop. However, the bad seat was overshadowed by the service. On my outbound flight from Bangkok, I chose a seafood meal and got the same thing I get all the time flying Star Alliance out of Bangkok, mixed grilled seafood served with tomatoes, peas and duchess potatoes. The catering was provided by Thai Airways, and even had the Thai Airways logo on it. Needless to say, it was very nice. On my return flight, when coming around for drinks, the lovely flight attendant noticed me checking the white wine bottle to see what it was, and I love the way she asked if I wanted the Sauvignon Blanc rather than"white wine.  The crew on Singapore Airlines are fantastic, and very hardworking. Entertainment was adequate, I wouldn't be bored even on the longest flight. On the return flight, we checked in 7 hours before departure time as we wanted to explore Jewel. Absolutely recommended. The gold lounge in Terminal 2 was an absolute disappointment! Even the Thai Airways lounge in T1 is better! Other than that, this flight was almost identical, except for some very strong turbulence. Overall, Singapore Airlines is a good choice. If they can improve their seat and value their star gold more, I would be a returning customer.
  Singapore to Zurich. What a disappointing flight. Probably the worst crew I ever had, very inattentive. It was very hard to get any attention at all (the attendant button at your seat was completely useless, no reaction by the crew whatsoever) I had 2 drinks in a 12 hour flight. I wasn't asked for a drink with our meals and the meals unfortunately didn't save the day either. Most of the time we had to queue at the lavatory (the layout of the plane for PE is horrible), because the 2 lavatories were used by Economy as well. The lavatory situation in Economy was much better, nobody surely had to queue there (11 lavatories according to the seat map!). It didn't help that a family with two toddlers and a crying baby was sitting in the same row. On the positive side were the headphones (even if they had to replace my headphones straightaway) and the entertainment system. Avoid booking Premium Economy with Singapore Air, you have a better deal in Economy (or Business of course). Another weird point was that Economy class was disembarking before Premium Economy, another novelty for me. There are much better Premium Economy products out there.
 Singapore to Tokyo. The airline seems to have gone on a cost-cutting mode. On a seven-hour flight, only one meal served. For a premium full-service airline to do these things in disappointing. Competition on this route provides better catering options. The seat was average economy class seat. The crew was polite and professional. Overall, SQ standards seem to be declining.
  Singapore to Sydney. I foolishly left my video gaming device on the seat next to mine and only found out after I reached my hotel. I panicked and called up the ground handler for Singapore Airlines and never got through via the phone number provided on the website even after 22 times. However I called up the Singapore Airlines Krisflyer hotline and the sweetest lady reassured me and told me they would log a request to check the aircraft for the item, her kind tone and understanding nature really helped soothe my nerves and gave me some peace of mind. Half way through my trip I got the news that my item was found and I could collect it before leaving Sydney. As much as I will strive to be less careless, I am so glad that I could count on the customer-oriented culture and all-round excellence and efficiency that the SQ team has displayed in the times where I slip up. A big thank you for everyone from the customer service team to the ground handler for reuniting me with my lost item!
 Singapore to Hong Kong. Flight attendants were really helpful throughout the whole flight. Although it was a full flight, the flight attendants paid a lot of attention to detail to serve the passengers. One of the flight attendants helped find ways to keep a hand carry item for a passenger somewhere as the flight was packed and had no available space for her item. They kept her updated on how the item was as the item was "fragile". My mom told me that she felt that SIA kept their standards as the last time she flown with SIA was 16 years ago. Overall, I had a very pleasant and enjoyable flight.
  Sydney to Rome via Singapore. First time travelling business my seat was literally located within 50cm of the toilets at the rear of business class. During this long flight these toilets were continually in use not only by business class but also economy class, and i was kept awake. I believe that these seats should not be offered as business class given there location. I would have rather spent the flight in economy class rather then being next to the toilets
  Sydney to London via Singapore. Fantastic service. Food was delicious I had Indian vegetarian meal and great improvement to last time. The old A380’s are the best, so comfortable, the new ones have uncomfortable cramped seats that I cannot sleep on not as wide as the old ones. Also not sure what the problem is with the cabin air but every time I’m in the new planes there’s a smell from the toilets. Arrived feeling as though I hadn’t flown some 10000 miles.
  Singapore to Manila. Old plane with dirty interior.  The cushion was depressed so you are left sitting on a hard bench. Entertainment system rarely works and the crew don't care about anything. On these poorer routes, they use these older planes which means often they break down leaving you stranded. Really poor value for money and definitely not the quality airline of the past.
  I was on flight SQ 317 from London Heathrow Airport to Singapore Changi Airport on 13th June 2019. As a Singaporean, I am utterly disappointed and disgraced by the service standards of the SQ Crew. After take off, the first meal was served. The stewardess briskly shoved us our meal trays and asked if I want any beverages with my meal. I replied with my choice of beverage (coffee). She simply walked away after acknowledging my request without saying anything at all. I thought maybe she didn't have coffee on her tray so she went to get some. But she never returned. I was appalled by this. Next was snack time. A different stewardess came with the snack tray ask if we would like any snacks. As my sister was hungry and we saw on the menu that sandwiches and wraps was available in the snack menu, I requested for a sandwich/wrap. The stewardess reply was a brusque "I don't have any, I'll check" and she too walked away without coming back. What ever happened to our friendly SQ crew? I was shocked by their attitude and more shocked that it seems SQ crew have short term memory loss. Twice they did not come back to me and left me hanging. 
  Highly recommend Singapore. The crew is the biggest asset to this airline, they are not only highly professional they are also friendly and personable. The crew on our flight went out of their way to help us when our son got a blood nose upon landing, ensuring his wellbeing and helping us even after all passengers had disembarked. The customer service is outstanding, we wouldn’t fly with any other airline.
  London to Melbourne via Singapore. Average at best. Check in and baggage drop off hassle free. Lounge doesn’t have a great selection of food. As a gold velocity member with a third family member travelling on a different Star Alliance flight, she was refused entry despite gold membership allowing a guest, and travelling business class. I was met with 3 staff members who stuck to their guns. The lounge was quiet, but they assured me it would fill. I will never use this airline again.
  London to Auckland via Singapore. Great experience with SIA. Better food than I thought it was going to be and a brilliant and friendly cabin crew. Choose to fly with them all the time and we are never disappointed. Very comfortable for economy class. Great entertainment system with all the latest movies, etc. Would definitely recommend.
 
The Melbourne to Wellington flight is an early morning flight, arriving in Wellington in the afternoon just in time for most hotel check-ins. The short-haul international flight serves one round of meals with 4 options for mains available. I went for the cheese omelette and it was great. Cabin service was exceptional as usual. However, the aircraft itself is very dated, especially the seats. The seats are in a 2-2-2 configuration, and it's not the best Singapore Airlines Business Class seats. It's okay for the short-haul flight, as they turn into flat-angled beds. There's lots of leg space and decent width. In-flight entertainment technology was dated, but the content is good in terms of library and variety. All in all, it's definitely the best Melbourne-Wellington offering (when compared to narrow-bodied aircrafts of Qantas, Virgin Australia and Air New Zealand), but it's not the best SQ offering.
  Brisbane to Amsterdam via Singapore. I used almost all airline companies operating between Australia and Europe and in my opinion Singapore Airlines is the best. Flight was great, service and food was great. Very professional staff. I will fly with Singapore Airlines anytime, and recommend.
  Singapore to Amsterdam. I am not sure I can rave about the service on this flight relative to the other Singapore Airlines flights I have taken. The stewardess just got on the side step of my seat to shut the overhead lockers without warning. Yes - I may be in economy, but just let me know. Seat is average - because no one was next to me, I found the flight fairly comfortable and was able to get a few hours of sleep. Food was also quite good but again, the stewardess forgot to give me a bread roll but only the butter and I had to remind them. Despite the small hiccups with service, the flight is good for economy class standards. I will fly Singapore Airlines again.
  Such a disappointment Christchurch to Singapore seats 33H and 33K, and SIN-CHC 32D and 32E in premium economy. We had really been looking forward to the new A359 taking over from the old 777 on the Christchurch to Singapore route with the choice of premium economy. Unfortunately, the bean counters seem to have designed the cabin! The configuration is 2x4x2 — just one seat less than economy — compared with 2x3x2 for Lufthansa in premium economy in the same type of aircraft, which we enjoyed for the next leg of our trip to Europe. The lavatories are the size of a small cupboard and there is no space to get up and stretch your legs in the cabin, unlike earlier aircraft. Going over was OK in the two seats by the window, but as others have pointed out, the central armrest and padded seatbelt (it contains an airbag) intrude on space. Inflight food and service was fine, if not memorable. Coming back overnight stuck in the middle seats was a lot worse. Space feels very tight. Not all menu choices were available, and we got beef mince, which was not very good at all. We asked for eggs for breakfast but got yam cake. A gentleman two seats along turned on his overhead lamp at about 3:00 am (he should have used the reading lamp). No eyeshades or earplugs provided. We asked for some but still got no sleep. Screens didn't work for two of the passengers in front of us. This flight ended up being diverted because of fog, adding six hours to the nine hour flight (of course, not SIA’s fault) but the whole experience was very tiring. One other thing: Electronic check-in at Changi was confusing and everyone had to ask what step to do next. It should be much clearer. We have flown with SIA for 35 years and feel they are trading on their past good reputation and really need to lift their game. Premium economy on SIA really isn’t worth the extra cost. It doesn’t feel special at all. We’d probably look at Air NZ or another airline next time.
  Perth to Singapore. This is an older airbus and seats are ok, with decent leg space. Very happy with the shopping selection for Jun to Aug - the Sulwhasoo selection onboard has expanded again! Food is decent and is served with real cutlery (as opposed to cheap plastic cutlery and cardboard containers on other economy class flights). Service is great. For a 5 hour flight, Singapore Airlines economy class is good value.
  London to Singapore. First flight with Singapore Airlines in Premium Economy and what a disappointment. It had little to differentiate it other than a little more space. I ordered via book the cook which was a nice feature although my meal was delivered first and in asking for a drink, I was told to wait a while. I asked how long that would be and was told 2 mins and then it was suggested I drink the plastic cup of water given. Very cheap and nasty especially considering there was no drink on boarding or pre-dinner. 15 mins or so later the drinks arrived by which time my meal was cold but on my request they reheated it (another wait). The red wine was awful. Throughout the flight the curtains to Economy remained open so that didn't make you feel the extra expensive brought any benefit. The seat was not comfortable and the IFE was so poor I watched content from my PC. FA's were polite but not really interested. The 380 interiors felt old and indeed first impressions were of a budget airline. All in all poor value.
 Singapore to Bangkok. Food standards have dropped drastically. Crew are a mixed bag - some attendants were friendly and helpful like the purser and supervisor and one attendant who went out of her way and offered to move me from my seat next to a crying baby and family to an empty cluster of 3 seats, 10 rows back before takeoff which was very kind of her. However, some attendants are grumpy and have zero manners. The seat feels exactly the same as a 10 in a row 777-300 on Cathay. Fairly acceptable for someone my height at 5’2 but could be uncomfortable for anyone bigger and on a longer flight. Food was terrible - fish was overcooked and the dessert was rubbery. Should have brought my own dinner instead. Only consolation was the Singapore sling and Bailey's I consumed that was not diluted with ice cubes. Hot towel before takeoff is a rarity in economy for any other airlines. In flight entertainment is excellent as always with lots of music and movies which distracted me from the lousy food. However, for the price I paid, I’d rather go with Thai Airways which has way better food and more consistent service. Check in staff were rude and asked me to pay 200$ to take the earlier flight to Singapore when I arrived at the check-in desk 3 hours beforehand with a 4-hour layover coming from a domestic flight.
  Hong Kong to Singapore. This flight without exception, was the worst flight I've ever been on. The cabin crew seemed to be going through the platitudes of service but forgetting to actually deliver. In my case, I asked for a bottle of water instead of breakfast. Stewardess disappeared, meals were served, and expecting that someone would drop off the water after meal service, I declined the little cup that was offered to me during the meal service. That was a mistake and I just gave up so 3 hours later, I couldn't wait to get off the flight to get a bottle of water. I'm a fairly low maintenance passenger, so I'm not someone that will keep badgering the cabin crew for service. But to me this was just such a basic. Like how difficult is it to drop off a bottle of water to someone! I have a return flight booked with Singapore and to be honest Id have switched Jetstar but the flight time to work. Next time I won't pay double the price for a flight with Singapore expecting service. I might as well just use Jetstar!
  Singapore to San Francisco. I experienced horrible chest pains during the flight & Mr Arfat was very attentive to helping me get back to normal. The whole staff was great!
  Auckland to Zurich via Singapore return and we flew with our 19 month old boy and it’s was his first flight. We were quite picky of choosing right airline and it’s a very long journey for little boy, I like to say Singapore Airlines is the best, very friendly staff and child friendly, alway willing to go extra miles to help their passengers. It’s a five star experience, we will fly with you anytime, and recommend to everyone
  Osaka to Singapore. There is no hot drink served When we received our meal, we asked for hot drink but they told us it will come later. It never came. We have not finished the meal, but they have already started serving ice cream. I couldn’t finish my meal in time and my tea never came at all. It seems like everything is in a rush. My cold drink not finished yet and the whole tray was collected. The standard has dropped drastically over the years. I choose SQ because I am Singaporean. There are other airline much better than SQ.
  Singapore to Male. They used to be good. Air hostesses were rude and unhelpful. The food was shocking, no consideration for people with allergies or special dietary requirements. The in flight entertainment was disappointing. Hardly any tv shows only one or two major movies available on a 8 hour flight. Wouldn’t recommend Singapore airlines and wouldn’t waste my time going to their lounge. Probably the best feature was the legroom in the seats.
  Singapore to London Heathrow with Singapore Airlines. We ordered gluten free meals which were good. However in a 13.5 hour flight other than fruit that was all we were given until I complained. There are 9 hours between the two main meals. Fruit is not enough. We are both hypoglycaemic and need some form of carbohydrates. There was nothing. We were told we need to bring our own snacks. Everyone else had the option of sandwiches and muffins. None of which was available gluten free. Not good enough!
  I fly to Sydney periodically and given previous experience, my preferred airline is Singapore Airlines - previous experiences have always been excellent. This time, unfortunately, I found the service levels to have dropped - young stewards and stewardesses dashing past repeatedly in a darkened aisle brushing people and waking them up, followed by a minor glance backwards but no apology. Apart from that, I sensed a general decline in standards - not as many smiles and rushing, the work seems more like a chore than the past when there was a sense of "its our pleasure to help you". Still better than many airlines but not at the level they used to be. I would add that the food (I keep a kosher diet) they served from Sydney (Lewis Continental Kitchen) was poor.
  First time we had ever flown SQ business class so were looking forward to it as the reviews seem largely positive. Upon checking in, we went to the lounge, very underwhelmed ; for an airline that has 4 flights per day, the food selection at 5pm was very limited and not even champagne offered. Upon boarding the aircraft seemed very tired and dated. The menu was ok because we had pre ordered Book the Cook. But if we had not we would have been very disappointed as the menu selection was very average, more like economy offerings. The seat was the widest seat I have ever been in so no complaints here. However the inflight entertainment left a lot to be desired, very old technology and not easy to use. The mattress provided was not even fitting the bed which was not lie flat and no amenity kits provided. But the service from the crew was outstanding. I feel that SQ is trading on its premium reputation from the past but needs to improve quite a bit to compete with the likes of the Middle Eastern carriers who have a much better all round product. Would not fly them again in a hurry.
  London to Singapore. Horrible first time experience. So they oversell the flight and bump me down to premium economy. Never again. They offered to rebook me the next day which does not work on a business trip.  How would you expect a first time customer to react.
  New York to Singapore. We purchased the extra legroom seats for $120 per person/per flight. They are the worst seats ever. Yes, you get lots of legroom but you lose window, there are no windows at these seats, which is not told when you go onto the site to book, sleep, the lights never fully go out because you are right by the bathroom, plus you have the bathroom light shining in your face because no one ever closes the door, and you have to listen to the nonstop clicking of the bathroom door, your legroom, because people use your space to stand and stretch their legs and this is not monitored by the flight attendants. You are in the section with the crying babies, there is an actual section for babies. There is no storage space so you have to put all of your stuff in the overhead bin, and  you have to stow your tv during takeoff and landing so there is a good hour of just sitting there while everyone else is watching tv. I can’t believe we paid $500 for these terrible seats. If I had known I would have kept the cattle seats and stretched my legs on my way to the bathroom. Personally I think you should get a discount for sitting in these seats.
  Singapore Airlines lived up to its incredible reputation. The flight attendants, especially the purser, were fun to interact with throughout the flight. The beef rendang choice I had was delicious and the wine and champagne served was truly in-flight dining at its best. The in-flight entertainment had quite a selection of current movies, so we had plenty of options to keep ourselves entertained. We were staying overnight at the Aerotel and the purser gave us some water and slippers for us to have on our journey. Although the cabin was pretty full, the cabin crew made us feel like we were on our own private jet. I'd highly recommend Singapore Airlines, based on this experience.
  Singapore to Perth. Seats are comfortable for economy class. Slight recline. Decent menu - Asian or Western selection. Design of the plane is strange. The entire plane uses a small group of toilets right in the middle of the plane - never heard that many flushes in 5 hours. Good service. Will fly again in a different seat.
  Amsterdam to Singapore. Very good service and decent food for economy class. Air stewardesses were patient and provided great service even though I had a request nearly every hour for the first half of the 13 hour flight. I paid for an extra legroom seat and was disappointed to find that the charging points were located below the seat next to me. This is the seat that is 2nd from the exit row and next to the window. Better to sit right at the front.
  I cannot believe that this flight was the exact opposite of my last flight on SIA, when I went to the Philippines to see my daughter. Absolutely dreadful. This was a typical 'red eye' flight, and I'm at least 90% sure that SIA had reduced the leg pitch on this aircraft. Granted, I am 194cms tall, and that does not help the situation at all, but still, there were a number of things that were wrong on this flight. There was a gent in front of me who decided that he wanted to recline his seat back into me to the full extent, during taxi - it was ignored by the cabin crew. And it stayed like this for the remainder of the flight to Perth. I was served a meal by cabin crew with my tray table firmly poking into my chest. Not a single word was said to this gentleman in front of me by staff. Thank God we landed in Perth on time, I felt like I had to unravel my body to get off the plane. The passenger in question was only asked to move his seat upright about ten minutes prior to landing at Perth airport. In fairness, prior to writing this, I had written an email of my concerns to the airline. I was met with a 'we don't care' kind of convoluted reply, probably from somebody who knows nothing about aircraft. I will be returning to Cebu to see my daughter at least two more times this year, but I will definitely not be flying SIA. I will revoke my KrisFlyer membership as well. I have flown budget airlines that are better than this. Buyer, beware! I would not recommend.
  Singapore to Melbourne. Everything was as expected in terms of priority check in, priority baggage and seating, service food, etc. Staff seemed a bit jaded and the flight was 30 minutes late leaving and arriving.
  Booked a business class flight from Singapore to Manila on a Boeing 787 expecting a lie-flat seat. Upon boarding, we were informed that there was an aircraft change to a very old A330 plane without lie-flat seats. Seat was very uncomfortable, not worth a business class ticket. Plane was probably a decade old or more. Inflight entertainment is likewise outdated, not even a touchscreen. Lobster thermidor was salty, rice and asparagus were overcooked. Do not book Singapore Airlines business class, not worth it.
  My son and I flew Business class Singapore to Shanghai in April. The Business lounge in Changi is OK, but nothing to write home about. We ordered ' book the cook' option, one chicken Brest and one Steak dish. Upon boarding we were greeted by a very cheerful crew, the flight manager already knew my name without looking at any list. The seat was incredibly wide,but quite hard in my opinion. My tail bone tells me immediately, as I was injured in a ski accident, and I can't sit in a regular economy seat more than 2 hours. I was a bit disappointed, as Aeroflot  Business seat from Moscow to Shanghai was much softer and pampering. After take off I went to the bathroom, and upon my return I found the satay dish awaiting me. I only enjoyed the chicken stick. Then no service for almost 45 min, without one cabin staff in sight .Slowly the magic and excitement were wearing off. Eventually one  showed up and asked me if I didn't like it. I said I only liked the chicken and she offered me some more, nice gesture, but I declined. There were maybe 15 passengers in Business class,that I believe can fit 50-60 passengers. Not a tough flight for the crew. Then came a green salad, very average,and then my book the cook meal showed up, which was good. As I like to drink with my main meal, and my glass was almost empty, as it Lasted me through the salad and the Satay, it was time to refresh my glass,but not such offer. I buzzed the cabin crew,and asked for another glass of drink. I kept enjoying my meal awaiting my drink that never showed up. I buzzed the crew again,and this time the flight manager showed up, I asked to have my drink if possible with my meal not with the dessert. The Coke showed up in 5 seconds. Then came the dessert, a dish with Ice cream, no choices, and a Fruit basket, the most basic desert cart I ever saw. At that point I was already regretting the huge amount of money invested in trying to experience the top notch Business class.  Then I wanted to rest,but the crew must turn your seat upside down, very weird idea,and even with the thin mattress ,it was far from a pampering bed.IF you feel like sitting down again,you have to call the F/A to flip it over to a seat..Personaly I prefer control of my lying situation, rather than calling the FA. No amenity kit distributed, but I heard that they pass by with a choice of amenities that you may find necessary for your trip -  no such basket was offered. My 14 yo son told me after the meal that he still felt hungry. I called his flight attendant  who seemed amused by my statement and said she will 'take care of him' - she brought him a small pack of nuts. So much for generosity. At Aeroflot, upon hearing that my son was still hungry (growing boy,) brought him a pasta casserole from Business class. Free WiFi to Business class was a great idea. We arrived in Shanghai wondering was that Singapore Airlines we heard so much about? We really felt disappointment. Nothing really bad, just a very very ordinary trip.
  Copenhagen to Singapore. Best airline to travel especially for long haul flights. Good entertainment, good hospitality, nice selection of food, drinks and snacks. The Crew were very polite and full of smiles. I will definitely fly with Singapore Airlines again! 
  Shockingly rude staff, I had flown Singapore as a child with the fondest memories. Had paid double our tour group and opted for Singapore over a low cost Asian airlines. Totally regretted it - staff so rude to the children. Food awful. No drinks offered except one with meal. Total waste of thousands of dollars,  our group had an outstanding experience with the low cost carrier.
  Hanoi to Cape Town via Singapore. I was very dissapointed with the way things were handled on 3 March 2019 before the flight, I was unable to board my flight, I let Singapore Airlines know via email, also tried calling but was unable to get through. I had to wait until Monday for anyone to help me and then got charged for a new flight ($584) due to missing the flight the day prior, even though I had notified the airline 6 hours before flight that I was going to miss it due to my Visa approval not arriving on time. Having paid this amount along with penalties for missing my previous flight has left me in a difficult financial situation so I'm not impressed.
 Frankfurt to Singapore. I have flown a couple of times with Singapore Airlines in the last two years and every time it is been a perfect experience due the staff and service offered on the plane. I have not me such dedicated and hard-working attendants on any other airline than in Singapore Airlines, as well as the quality of the food offered on their business class flights. The same great experience, as always, was on my last flight. I was also very happy with the service at check-in that is perfectly smooth and efficient.
 Singapore to Hong Kong. Singapore Airlines is usually my family's airline choice because of the great service, seats and special assistance (I travel with a wheelchair with a Yamaha motor and battery). Checking in going to Hong Kong and leaving took a while due to the staff being unfamiliar with the chair. The check in staff going did not not pass information to the gate agent was asked the same questions again. When we landed in Hong Kong, the wheelchair had a bit of damage but was settled by the ground staff. Upon return, we were told to wait somewhere for the wheelchair but it turned out to be at baggage reclaim. Both flights were very good despite the issues on the ground which I wouldn't blame Singapore airlines for. The cabin pressure on the A350 was minimal compared to other aircraft. If you need special assistance traveling I would recommend flying on Singapore airlines.
  My wife and I flew Heathrow to Singapore return we have never flown in an aircraft that was so cold even with our coats on and using the blankets provided it was freezing. Also the food provided was amongst the worst had on a aircraft. It’s a shame because the seats were fine and the aircrew fantastic. Also no delays at checkout and Singapore airport must be on of the best around.
 London to Perth via Singapore. Having flown with Singapore before I was sure that they would be helpful and accomodating as we flew with our 5 month old to visit family at Christmas. We checked in the pram and car seat after paying to have them wrapped at the airport and had arranged to have a bassinet seat for the flight. This was all arranged with no problems. However, around an hour into the flight I was very aware that my baby needed to be changed. I went to queue for the toilets and there was 6 people ahead of me in the queue. My baby began to scream, I’m sure to the discomfort of the other passengers. I was very aware of this and decided to try and find another bathroom with a smaller queue. The only one with no queue and a change table was in business class. As I approached, one of the cabin staff asked where I was going. I said “sorry, my baby is screaming I just need to change her” she said “you can’t use these toilets you have to go back” I explained the queue situation but she wouldn’t budge so I had to go and queue with my child screaming and all the other passengers glaring at me. When we arrived at Perth airport we were annoyed to find that out pram was broken. Despite having it wrapped, it had been broken through the wrapping and the footrest was hanging off despite the fact we had only had it for 5 months. I checked the airline policies which stated we were covered up to a certain amount so I emailed them within 48 hours with the relevant forms, photos of damage, boarding passes and purchase receipts. They responded after a few days with a very unprofessional email basically requesting the same information I had already sent. I sent it again. Twice. They sent another badly worded email asking me to drop it off somewhere for assessment. By this point we had been back with our taped up pram for about two weeks. I responded explaining that it’s the only pram we have and we couldn’t drop it off. We had done everything they had asked. I never heard anything back. We were very disappointed and annoyed with the way we were treated both on the flight and the way our complaint was dealt with. I would never fly with Singapore airlines again which is a shame because I had flown with them twice previously (without an infant) and had a very positive experience.
  Manila to Dubai via Singapore. This flight was better compared to my DXB-MNL experience. Crew were genuinely friendly. Greeting and talking to you with smile. They offered beverage options several times. Food was ok though. I was still looking forward to their IFE. Great option to save a playlist. Seat was comfortable. Not a fan of their 3-3-3 seat configuration but I was able to select a window seat at the last row of the mid section with only 2 seats. Big plus factor to the overall experience is the Singapore Changi Airport.
  Singapore to Los Angeles via Tokyo vv on SQ012 and SQ011. Both flights are operated by Boeing 777-300ER. Both trip's check in was quite fast and efficient, the staff was very helpful. The cabin crew was kind and helpful. The entertainment system has good content and responsive touch screen. The food was good. Overall, it was a pleasant experience for me.
  I would like to express my gratitude for the superb service we received on our recent flight from Los Angeles to Mumbai via Singapore. We are two seasoned travellers, both very accustomed to long-haul routes. The A350 is a superb bird! It has to be said that the service provided in all four of the legs with Singapore Airlines was exceptional, from beginning to end (both on the ground and airborne); all staff where extremely professional, yet fun, friendly and accommodating to all passenger's needs. This cabin crew in particular who looked after us on the long, SQ37 flight from LAX to SIN on 14/03/2019, provided beyond exceptional service. They were actively and consistently attending passenger's requests, as well as checking that we were happy and well looked after, for what appeared to be the whole duration of the flight, or about 17+ hours. It was so satisfying and reassuring to see the dedication that this particular team had for their duties, as well as a clear love of the job. Great ambassadors for such well regarded airline such as SQ. We just simply couldn't had hoped for a more enjoyable journey. It is now clear to us that Singapore Airlines deserves to be the world's best airline. We are truly looking forward to our next Singapore Airlines journey, which we hope will take place in the near future - this new experience in air travel has opened a new and fascinating window in our holidays.
  Melbourne to Beijing via Singapore. After long journey, when I go to collect my baggage, it was not send on the plane which I travel. Baggage claim division at Beijing Airport inform my baggage will be arrived in next available flight. My destination is another city which I want to get a domestic flight. From there, I have to go to my hotel on yuan 150 taxi. They advised me to collect my baggage from that airport when it arrives. Till, then they offer me yuan 400 (around 90 AUD to cover all damages which include buying temporary clothes. Thanks for letting down me as a long-standing Singapore traveller.
  Singapore to Manila. Automated check-in is quite efficient. Service as usual is exceptional as the crew were attentive to the needs of the passengers. Great ambiance inside the aircraft and the food was great.
  Singapore to Perth. The Singapore Airlines Boeing 787-10 is a first class plane and comes with excellent and attentive service from the cabin crew. Very modern Kris entertainment system. Food acceptable but not fantastic. Suggest they provide headsets rather than the earpiece variety which are hopeless.
  Singapore to Sydney. Very comfortable flight as the aircraft was not full. Excellent cabin staff and amazing inflight entertainment options. Food however was a major disappointment. Ordered the fish with dill sauce and apart from the the mashed potato, it was flavourless. The "pizza" snack served before landing was terrible stodgy. Wine options were either a very poor white or an even rougher red. I can't understand how Singapore can get everything else so right and the food so wrong.
  Singapore to London Heathrow. For my holiday to New Zealand in February / March this year I decided to upgrade my flights for all four legs of the journey to business class. Three parts of my journey were enjoyable, the service and food was good, even though I didn't receive the book the cook meals Id ordered. Sadly on the last leg from Singapore to London flight SQ322 I found myself on the A380-800. I found the business class section to be cramped, with a lack of storage space, not very well designed and for a new plane starting to show signs of wear and tear. The first problem was the width of the seat, it was a lot narrower than other seats in business class. I heard a lady behind me complaining to a stewardess about the hard seat. She replied that BMW had designed it. My thought was what is comfortable in a sports car is not so good on a 13-15 hour flight where you are sitting / lying down for nearly all the time. However with cushions it can be made more comfortable. Nothing can be done to make the seat wider and the high and very wide plastic infill between my seat and the window made me feel more cramped. I could see no useful purpose for it. The lack of storage space was a problem. I didn't want to put my carry on bag in the overhead lockers as it could be difficult / noisy to access it on a night flight. Unlike some other planes there was no small recess area where I could put my bag on the floor, but within my seating area, so the aisle was still clear. A stewardess put it on the floor but when the bed was out I couldn't access it without grovelling about on the floor. I made my bed up and tried to sleep. I placed my handbag on top of the large but fairly useless plastic infill, during the flight I think as a result of turbulence the bag fell on my head. I wasn't impressed at the time but later on I did see the funny side of it. As the seat / bed was narrow when I turned over I kept hitting my head. It was also quite difficult to get up from. I've had no such difficulties on other business class flights . The design, space and attractiveness is so much better on other Singapore Airlines business class cabins. I know the other passengers in my group flying in business on this flight were unhappy too. While I was queuing to leave the plane at the end of the flight a man of average height and regular weight said That thing is a waste of space refering to the plastic infill between the seat and the window. I had to agree. A senior stewardess told me the airline is planning to convert more of their planes to this design. Thanks for the warning. When I fly to Australia next year I will have to look for a new provider. I cant take the risk of paying for a business class fare and being placed on the A 380-800 again.
 Singapore to Manila. Overall a very bad cabin experience. 24 Feb 2019 - SQ917 KrisWorld down for the entire cabin.  26 Feb 2019 - SQ916 KrisWorld still down. reflected that I had feedback a couple of days ago on the return leg from Manila. 28 Feb 2019 - SQ917 KrisWorld still down. Steward was very impatient to the passenger in front of me when asked about the status. Disappointed that my feedback in the last few flights on the same journey wasn't considered at all. 03 Mar 2019 - SQ5254 Preferred meal was forgotten. I had listed a preferred meal in my preference. 10 Mar 2019 - SQ957 Lead steward conveniently forgot about my request. In the end I did not get any meals on board.
  Tokyo to Singapore. The Business seats of Singapore Airlines are as big as a first class one. They turn into beds. It's amazing how good you can sleep on these seats. I fell asleep right after take of and woke up for breakfast. Food is really good. Entertainment is good but not amazing.
  London to Singapore. Singapore Airlines 'Book The Cook' service in business class is excellent and I wish all airlines offered pre-booking for main meals. My Lobster Thermidor was delicious, the cheese board was well presented and the apricot and pumpkin puree with the scallops was divine. Their cabin crew are welcoming and friendly, well trained, attentive and very efficient. All with a quiet charm as they glide through the cabin. A great flight and I managed at least 6 hours of shut-eye before landing.
  Perth to Singapore. Dirty tray table, bad cabin crew, poor special meal. During the day flight the window shades on empty seats were up and cabin crew were not bothered to pull them down and a couple of passengers went to do it themselves in front of the cabin crew who just started blankly and didn't do anything about the remaining blinds that were up. On the way to Perth from Singapore I was given the dessert despite being on the special meal but on the return flight, the steward proceeded to pass it to me but then retracted his arm back when he saw I was on the special meal, and no explanation was given. It was not any vegetarian meal as well but why is there no consistency? Worst thing was there was no explanation and he just walked away.
  Dubai to Manila via Singapore. First time to fly with SQ. I have very high expectations based on reviews and awards. However, my experience was mixed. Food and IFE were great and amazing. Cabin crew always smiling although it sometimes felt mechanical. Simple kit was also provided. DXB-SIN, B777-300ER was great however SIN-MNL aircraft was old didnt even bother using the IFE. Food served was not clearly advised that one option was spicy. I liked the food however overheard another passenger who doesn't like spicy food said that she wished she was told that it was spicy. Had some interesting encounters with cabin crew. First, a cabin crew used his index finger to give instructions to me instead of open palm/hand. Another cabin crew, during beverage serving, gave me the remaining orange juice as if i have no choice to make. Although both were minor hiccups. One funny incident had me cheering silently for the cabin crew as one of the adult passenger (father of another young adult passenger) kept on answering from the opposite row on behalf of his son every time a cabin crew would ask his son thus making a bit of a minor noise/disturbance. Cabin crew reminded the adult passenger that his son is old enough to answer simple questions. Fierce, i liked it. That's why im raising my overall experience score to 8 because of that.
  This was my 5th experience with Singapore Airlines but very different than the other 4. We had our Mumbai to Singapore flight delayed by 5-6 hours and eventually the 2nd flight from Singapore to Melbourne too got delayed however by 8-9 hours. We were made to stay in Ramada Singapore where the lunch was not made available to us, dinner too was compromised. We had a terrible stay and food in the hotel. Overall, I would not rate my journey a pleasant one.
  This was the first time my wife and I flew Singapore Airlines, what a wonderful experience! From check-in to deplaning everything went smoothly and on time. The cabin crew were superb. The service was attentive, food delicious, the cabin was attractive and very clean, including bathrooms. We flew United from Singapore to San Francisco, after our Singapore vacation, and the flight was no way near as good. Singapore Airlines will start flying direct from Seattle to Singapore non-stop in September 2019 and we definitely will use them when we visit Singapore again. P.S. We flew United on frequent flyer miles to India, and from Singapore to Seattle via San Francisco, Singapore Airlines is by far the best.
  Older plane and business class seats are 2x2x2, so no wifi on board. However seats are comfortable and have a good recline, which is not bad for the short flight from Singapore to Perth. Meals are fantastic, especially as we booked the cook - the assam fish was one of the best I have ever had. Entertainment selection is decent and inflight shopping selection is wide. Best of all, service is impeccable. 
  Amsterdam to Singapore. Singapore Airlines has the best service. Wide selection of inflight shopping. Food is fantastic. We had satay before our appetizer and it was as close as you can get in a satay stall without charcoal. A good range of new movies with the new month. The best thing about AMS to SG is the skybed, which gave us some decent sleep ahead of arriving in SG. Unfortunately, there was limited stock of sake. I had one and there was none left!! Wifi was good when available - the 30MB gets chewed up very quickly! Nevertheless, this is a fantastic airline and we will definitely fly again as our airline of choice.

  Flew Singapore Airlines from Singapore to London Heathrow. The cabin crew on this flight worked tirelessly to keep the passengers comfortable. They were smart, professional and extremely personable. I'd have liked it to have been warmer on board, still feeling cold even with a down jacket on. The plane now seems a bit tired with a couple of screens not working and a head rest which wouldn't stay up. I too would like to see considerably less plastic used.
  Singapore to Hanoi. Although the service was great, I found the amount of plastic wasted horrifying. Everything was wrapped in plastic. There was even a plastic cup to put your water that was contained in a plastic cup. Wouldn't fly with Singapore again.
  Singapore Airlines has impressed me on the Singapore-Sydney route for the first time. It is evident that the morning flights are much better than the night time flights. As SQ 211 departed, a great lunch was served followed by multiple drink rounds before a mini pizza prior to landing, which compares well against the red eye SQ221 and 231. The staff were quite courteous with the exception of one cabin crew member, the rest were extremely pleasant. Specially the leading crew in charge was particularly friendly. Flight landed ahead of schedule and all in all, I couldn't fault the service.
  London to Singapore. Easy boarding with punctual push back and arrival. Latest seats – I loved the wrap-round screen for the seat, almost like some other airlines first class. The steward had to put my bed down for me and I found it rather hard for sleeping on. IFE was not really 5* standard. Food and service were excellent throughout. Overall, a very high standard throughout.
  San Francisco to Bangalore via Singapore. I have flown Singapore Airlines from the past 20 years regularly until now, I considered myself to be a loyal customers. They used to care about customers before; apparently, being named the best airline in the world has gone to their head and they think they no longer have to satisfy their customers. I flew Premium economy recently to Bangalore and paid for the extra legroom seat--the flight was ordinary. I was expecting an offer to upgrade to business class before my flight and I have more than 50,000 pts. No such offer came--I tried to offer a bid, the system didn't allow me to. When I saw the flight, there were plenty of seats empty in Business class. Not sure why they don't want to offer the premium economy passengers to upgrade to business. Warning to everyone travelling from SFO--some connections to India have a very short layover--less than an hour. SA doesn't have any consideration that if the landing is a few minutes late and the connecting flight is within 30 minutes, they shouldn't make the passenger run from one terminal to another even using Skytrain. I barely made it before the gate closed (with my bad knees). Remember, you have to go through security in Singapore when you have a connecting flight. I had to rush from Terminal B to C with no time even to rush to the restroom let alone freshen up.  While returning from Bangalore, I had ~4 kgs extra. Instead of asking me to pay using my Krisflyer (over 50,000) points, Singapore airlines charged me for a whole extra piece. So watch out, even if you are just 2-4 kgs over the limit in Premium economy, they will charge the cost of a suitcase. I even asked to pay for the upgrade in Bangalore, the said I can't do it in the last minute using points and I should check during my layover in Singapore (~ 2 hours). When I tried to upgrade for the longer flight SIN - SFO, they said that I don't have enough points. I offered to pay with points and cash--they said I can't do that. They just didn't want me in Business class even with points or cash! I wanted to avoid paying extra weight fees as I would have below the limit int Business class. If this is not an example of not caring for customers or accommodating its Krisflyer members, I don't know what is. Why can't they charge per Kg extra weight instead of an additional piece of luggage like other airlines?   Flight and food was ordinary (food quality has declined from SF to Singapore), and the bathroom cleanliness both ways was not up to par like it used to be. Changi airport is exceptional of course. I am not sure I will  be flying this airline again while there are so many carriers who offer upgrades for a reasonable price and cheaper tickets. Not sure what to do with the balance points (more than 50,000 points) though. Sorry Singapore airlines, you lost a loyal flyer who has flow the long route for more than 20 years..
  Singapore to Tokyo. The flight was fully packed, but we still manage to fly on time and reach there slightly earlier than scheduled. I flew with friends and took a row of seat. We  accidentally spilled a drink, and the stewardess was  smiling as they help us clean the mess, they also keep coming back to us to check if our seats are dry, giving us extra napkins and later, extra blankets telling us to sit on it. What a pleasant experience. In flight entertainment was great, plenty of choices, and movies from all over the world. One thing though, we found the leg space to be slightly smaller than usual, not sure if it was all the winter clothing we had with us, or the seat space shrunk. We chose different meals, and tried each others', they taste great. 
  Bangkok to Dusseldorf via Singapore. During meal service SQ flight BKK- SIN and SIN-DUS I requested hot tea with lemon and coke. Flight attendant did not pay attention then gave me a salad sauce instead of coke and tea lemon. I was hocked and repeated my request for hot tea with lemon and coke. Flight attendant politely smiled and skipped my request. Dinner meal was without any dessert on international flight SIN-DUS. I was surprised there is no dessert. I asked crew  and they said no dessert and no fruits. During snack service they offered only mini potato chips and mini ice cream. There is poor meal quality on international flights and Singapore Airlines crew members were not attentive just poor attention and performed poor sloppy service.  Poor WIFI connection. Awful! Bad experience. 
  Los Angeles to Singapore. We booked a flight to SIN on Singapore Airlines in economy class from LAX for 11/2018. A few days before we departed, we received an email from them encouraging us to bid on an upgrade to economy plus. Even indicated what was a “low” bid with less chance of getting the upgrade, so we paid a higher bid that gave us a “fair” chance. Shortly before our flight we received an email that we were approved and could book our seats. We immediately went to the seat selections and found only 4 seats available, none together or even close. We called Singapore Airlines but they said there was nothing available and our prior seats in economy were now taken. We again asked at the counter when we checked in but same answer - no seats available. We are in our 70’s and had to sit rows apart on different sides of the aircraft for this very long flight. One of the seats was in the last row of economy plus and was so cramped it was very difficult to get in and out to use the restroom. We suffered. When we returned home, we found out Singapore Airlines would not even give miles for the flight since it was initially booked in economy. We requested our money back as we felt taken and deceived with the charge, lack of disclosure, and the unacceptable and poor quality service provided. They said “no”, terms and conditions protect them. Beware of Singapore Airlines offers as they may not be what you expect, especially for an airline that touts their reputation. We were extremely disappointed in their offer, service, and response! First and last time we will fly with them.
  Flew Singapore Airlines on their Boeing 787-10 from Singapore to Nagoya. Check-in was efficient,  and at boarding the crew was very warm and friendly, greeting everyone with a smile. The aircraft was very comfortable, the seats were very well-designed and the cabin also felt very comfortable. IFE was SQ's newest product and I had no problems using it, it was very responsive and being a touchscreen, was also very convenient. The aircraft left on time and we were in the air very quickly. Cabin service was conducted very efficiently, and the crew was also very warm and sincere, typical of SQ's high standards, After the first cabin service(mostly drinks), the lights were dimmed so that the passengers could sleep(it was a red-eye flight) and the crew was very attentive to the passengers' requests, walking up and down the aisle every now and then to ensure we were comfortable. Around 2 hours before landing, breakfast was served - the only negative thing about this flight, as the food was not really good in my opinion. On landing, the crew bade goodbye to each passenger, smiling as they always did throughout the flight, Overall, it was an excellent flight, and I would definitely fly them again
  Flew Singapore Airlines on my trip back from Japan on their A350-900, and the experience was really positive. In Tokyo Haneda, check in was very efficient, despite it being a full flight (perhaps as many wanted to return home for Christmas), and boarding was very fast too, although the managing could have been better as I witnessed some passengers holding only an economy class ticket using the business class queue. Despite the inclement weather, the flight took off very quickly, and after we left Tokyo the flight was smooth throughout. Aircraft wise, the A350 had always been a comfortable aircraft, and this was no exception - the product offered was very comfortable, and the legroom was good even in economy class. The cabin crew was also very warm and friendly and attentive to every passenger. After meal service was concluded the lights were dimmed to allow the passengers to sleep, as it was a night flight. The IFE was touchscreen, just like my previous flight with SQ on their 787 and very responsive, no problems encountered. The only downside was that SQ did not implement a tail camera that can be broadcast on the IFE - a pity, considering that the A350 has the technology and other A350 users such as Cathay Pacific and Thai Airways are using them. Not an important feature, but it would have been really cool to see it. I picked the Japanese selection for my meal, and it was very good. We arrived in Singapore early and the crew was also very friendly throughout. During the flight, they even left me a personalized message on my passenger flight logbook, and it was a really touching gesture that showed how much they cared for their passengers. Overall, I would recommend SQ, although the prices might sometimes be a little higher, it is worth as you are paying for what you get, and SQ is definitely one of the best out there when it comes to cabin service, matching ANA, who are known for their exceptional cabin service.
  Singapore to Denpasar Bali. Early morning departure from SIN at Chinese New Year, so it was a pretty full flight. Just after security check and with less than one hour to departure, we were told that there was a technical problem with the plane and we needed to switch plane (different gate). Amazingly, the entire flight was only delayed by 1 hour, which given the short notice, I feel is pretty amazing. Flight was on A330, which has the 2-4-2 configuration, and as usual, I opted for the (2) seat which I increasingly like. Seats were slightly narrower than the B777, but it just feels less cramped than the 3 seat options. Flight crew were slightly less charming than usual, but I guess the last minute change probably had something to do with this, and they still dealt very politely with some very demanding customers. Food was reasonably good (had Indonesian option), and IFE was as standard on the A330, if slightly dated. Only slight downside was the toilet, which although clean, had obviously seen better days with some wear and tear. So a good economy experience and I guess the additional cost for the flight (as opposed to the budget airline) pays off when something does wrong, as the recovery was really fast.
 Service is unparalleled. Food is very good and served on proper plates with real cutlery. Wide selection of online shopping. Best thing about this flight was the sky bed. The chair unfolds into a flat bed, which gave my son and I some decent sleep. The plane leaves SG just before midnight and arrives in AMS around 6.15am - so even a 12 hour flight seems like no time is wasted. Wifi is available on board but requires payment. The complimentary allowance for business class members is only suited for text messages - runs out fast.  Overall, a very comfortable flight. Will definitely fly again.
  Singapore to New York. The entertainment center/movies were superb, although some of the plug connections were older, so the voice is low.  One time, the flight was making a loud bothering noise, and we were concerned about it especially during take off. The next flight was delayed, they decided to replace the airplane. I appreciate it that they put safety before anything else. The food was satisfying. The attendants smile. They worked fast in getting what the customers need. They are always ready to answer calls. 
  Perth to Singapore. Outstanding service. In flight shopping has a huge selection of quality products. Book the cook menu was impressive - lobster thermidor and my son's steak were cooked to perfection. The selection of beverages was fantastic. Entertainment selection is not bad. This is an older plane, so unfortunately my seat could not lie flat and my son's screen was slightly damaged. Nevertheless, seats are still comfortable for the short flight from Perth to Singapore.
 Singapore to Milan with Singapore Airlines. A generally excellent airline with great cabin crew and great food. The seat was very comfortable for my 12hr and 30min flight and it really changed the way I feel of flying!
  Melbourne to Jakarta via Singapore. My wife and I flew Singapore Air for first time and were very impressed. Economy seats the best we’ve had (and we travel a lot). Food and beverage service good and cabin crew were very efficient. Very good selection for inflight entertainment system. Highly recommended.
  Singapore to Denpasar. Having experienced United's version of the B787, this was an opportunity to revisit the experience on SQ instead on a short 2.5 hour flight. The initial entrance into the economy cabin is certainly more welcoming than United's experience. Once seated, you notice the high-density, thin seat cushions, which give you more perceived legroom than the standard 32 in pitch would suggest. Because SQ stayed with the 3-3-3 configuration, the seat width is narrower than the comparable A330 or B777 experience, and I certainly felt this was the case, despite the very narrow armrests. Certainly the aisles are narrow, and in the aisle seat, I was constantly jostled by passengers and assorted bags during the boarding process. I also found it hard to get comfortable on the thinner seats, though this was less of an issue for a short-haul flight. The IFE was a class above United's, with a large vibrant touchscreen and the newest KrisWorld experience (minus the seat controller), so all interactions are via the screen. Meals were reasonably good if not outstanding, while service on the inbound flight to SG was warm and friendly.  I wish that cabin seat space for Economy passengers could be maintained, given that the vast majority of us travel this way.
 Kuala Lumpur to Cape Town via Singapore. As usual, they are famous of their top notch quality, service, and efficiency. Crews were very attentive and helpful. Upon boarding the aircraft, you could already feel their warmth hospitality. Food is good and IFE is fantastic. Cabin crew go around with drinks and snacks in the mid of flight very frequent (every 20 mins) which is hardly seen on the other major airlines. It's definitely worth it for the price I pay for. I will choose to fly with SIA again.
  Cape Town to Singapore via Johannesburg. Friendly crew and fantastic service. The flight was 98% pax loading and cabin crew were really busy attending to passengers' needs. However, they remained professional and attentive. They are so nice and friendly. New aircraft, nice inflight entertainment system, delicious food, ample amenities in the toilets. Will definitely fly with them again.
  Wellington to Mumbai via Melbourne / Singapore. What can I say about this airline — always has been my favourite and always will be. Everything from check-in, boarding, IFE, meals, baggage – went smoothly. Cabin crew were as gracious as usual. Would definitely recommend. Only perk: this was somewhat an expensive ticket (but I would definitely pay the extra and fly SQ, than other airlines that fly the route), Singapore Airlines can definitely work on competitive pricing.
  Singapore to Denpasar. Poor flight. Average food. No pillows available at the economy cabin. Old aircraft. Seats at the vertical position very uncomfortable. Ground service unpolite.


  
London to Bali via Singapore. I flew to Australia with Singapore Airlines 5 years ago and the service was out of this world, amazing. I flew last October with them to Bali and back and it seems that standards have slipped. It seems there are a lot more male stewards on board now and they seem to give worse service than the female stewardesses. Male stewards seemed disorganised, flustered and abrupt compared to the female stewardesses who were very organised and polite.  The airline needs to have standard procedures that staff follow. We had an issue with my partners meal being vegetarian nut free and Singapore Airlines were less than helpful. They served him nuts and or meat in a few of his meals, luckily he didn't eat them. When we told cabin crew that he was supposed to have been served a nut free vegetarian meal they said we never would have been promised such a thing because it didn't exist. When we showed proof of Singapore Airlines emails promising us a nut-free vegetarian meal the steward seemed disgruntled that we had proved we weren't lying about it all. A female stewardess found something my partner could eat. Pluses: Female members of staff = fab. Clean and comfy aircraft. Pretty decent snacks and entertainment. We didn't pay to be sat together and yet we still were on each leg of the journey. I'm giving it all a 7 because the journey was just about okay, it wasn't amazing like it was last time I flew with them
  
Singapore to Zurich is operated by an A380. This particular A380 that I was on is 6 years old and had the old business class product. The seat is very wide - the widest Business Class seat for any airline - sufficient to squeeze 2 slim Asians into the seat. To convert to bed mode, passengers had to pull down the seat back and raise the footrest. Because the footwell is located to one side, passengers have to sleep in a diagonal fashion. I ordered the lobster thermidor from Book the Cook. It was delicious. Cabin crew were very friendly and polite and addressed passengers by family name. After supper, it was time to sleep. A flight attendant deployed the bed for me and I had an uninterrupted 7 hours of sleep before breakfast. For breakfast I chose the Nasi Briyani, an aromatic Indian dish. Even at cruising altitude, the flavours and aroma of the dish was well preserved. I highly recommend the SIA Business Class - best in its category.
  Rome to Singapore. This was my first time on the A350. It was a rather empty flight from Rome to Singapore. The business class featured the new business class product where there were buttons to control the decline of the seat. However, to convert to bed mode, you will need a flight attendant to pull down the seat back from the upright position. This is the main bugbear of the Business Class seat. No amenity kit is provided on SQ business class but you can find toothbrush, shaving kit, comb, moisturiser and hand cream in the toilet. Only eye mask, socks and slippers are provided for long haul flights. On this route , I had the Milanese Osso Bucco for my lunch main course and it was delicious. Breakfast was served 90 minutes before arrival into Singapore and I had the Westerm option of sausage, mushrooms and omelette with corn flakes and fruits. As with other Singapore Airlines flights, the cabin crew were very polite, gracious and helpful and were able to anticipate passengers’ needs. Singapore Airlines Business Class is the best in the category. Wifi was available on this flight. For business class passengers, the first 30 MB is free and after that you can purchase additional MB depending on your needs up to 200MB for US$ 25. The connection speed was reasonably fast - sufficient to upload a few Facebook photos.
  Singapore to Hanoi. This was for sure the best flight we ever had! Starting with the food: as vegetetarians we were offered a wide range of delicious Asian dishes. The portions were large, we got 2 starters, one main, 2 desserts plus snacks on a only 2 h 30min flight. Furthermore the cabin crew was outstandingly attentive, polite and friendly. We were on the flight SQ188 from Singapore to Hanoi on 25/01/19. Thank you to the crew once more for this pleasant experience!
  Travelled from Singapore to Auckland on the 10.25pm flight. Service aboard the flight was excellent. On arrival in Auckland passengers had to disembark by way of mobile stairs. I have to say, while being advised to mind our step as we stepped onto the swaying stairway, due to wind gusts, I noticed there was only one staff member that was there to help with passengers, which I felt was a small let down due to the fact it was a full flight. However, the staff that was helping passengers was absolutely amazing. 
  Jakarta to London via Singapore. Absolutely top notch service, fabulous food and beverage choices,cabin ambience looks great IFE is world class and the seats are so comfortable and spacious that I slept like a baby! Still the best airline by a long way.
  San Francisco to Dhaka via Singapore. Very poor online and customer service. I had a hard time selecting seats online even though I paid for seat selection. I had to call customer service 7 times to get my seats. Even after paying and calling 7 times, the selected seats never showed up on itinerary or booking making me worry util I check in and board the plane. 
  Sydney to Singapore. Biggest standout which are most important to me. Service -staff have excellent communication are very proactive, thoughtful and attentive to your needs. The flight was very smooth with the pilot's communication being very clear. Food: excellent without being flamboyant.
  Apart from my Mileage Plus problem, the IFE, crew attitude and food were amazing. They mostly gave me Salmon for my seafood meals. They were also willing to answer to my curiosity about the laughter coming from the rear galley. Another problem encountered was the Wi-Fi because I had to pay for it. However, neither the Wi-Fi nor my Mileage Plus problems were as big as the problem encountered in 2014. I can say, quite a big improvement in service from 2016. All in all, the problems (Mileage Plus & Wi-Fi) were much smaller
  Paris to Brisbane via Singapore. Spent the extra to go Premium Economy. While the flight to Paris from Brisbane was relatively enjoyable, the return was not. The staff serving our aisle constantly forgot things. I was given half a meal (no diet restrictions) she just forgot to give the rest. When I realised because the woman across from me received her full meal (from the FA on the other aisle). I asked my FA for the rest. She said she would have to check if she had any left. She then proceeded to serve the rest of her side of the plane and then forgot entirely. When I pressed the service button, she came up and told me I had bumped it before even asking if I needed anything. I reminded her about the meal but she said they had all gone. I ended up with an economy meal then - no choice. My partner numerous times requested a drink and had to remind the woman 15 minutes later when nothing came. Then to top it off - For Christmas my partner purchased a new suitcase for me. So the return trip was its first time. It was a Samsonite Case and it arrived in Brisbane completely trashed. Plastic parts around the handle snapped off, dents so large it pierced the plastic the whole way through. My zip doesnt even zip up flush to the case any longer. I contacted the airline but they will not cover it. 
  Last time I flew with Singapore Airlines two years ago I was really impressed so I was excited to travel with them again. We boarded in sections efficiently and were warmly welcomed on board. The seats are smaller and the pitch tighter. We departed on time and as soon as airborne the teen in front of me reclined her seat the screen was a hands length away from my face. Shame that this more expensive airline has effectively negated the positives of flying with them. Yes you still get hot refresher towels and the entertainment choice was pretty good. The food was okay, nothing special but adequate if you like beef. We were seat 45, and the only option left was the beef. The toilets were kept clean and we arrived into Changi on time. However it is the tight seats at premium price I have an issue with. I am divided as to whether I’d recommend, it’s safe and reliable so I’d say yes. However do not expect anything special.
  Singapore Airlines is a totally different airline when taking the route Singapore to Stockholm via Moscow. The air hostesses are usually very service minded in Singapore Airlines and thats why I used to like them. But the exception is this flight through Russia. The air hostesses are mainly Russian and do not meet expectations in my eyes of the usual level of service that defines this airline. Furthermore, when exiting the plane in Moscow, prepare yourself for a nightmare. 1 long line which consists of all the passengers on the A350-900, needs to line up for getting a red stamp in your boarding pass. Then you have to stand in a second long line to get a green stamp in your boarding pass. Then there was a third line to the x-ray of the hand luggage before you could stand (not enough seats to sit) by the gate without any restaurant, café or what so ever. And add to the misery that since i stupidly enough forgot my boarding pass to Moscow on the plane, I had to stand in a fourth line. Its very obvious this route is a failure. It is always way more cheap going through DME to and from Singapore than through LHR, FRA or CPH. Avoid Singapore Airlines flying to and from Stockholm through Moscow.
  Singapore to Jakarta. 9 years since I last took Singapore Airlines. Online check-in process easy, I managed to call the hotline to change my seat to get an exit row with my parents which was done easily. SQ did even bother to send us an SMS to warn us about the French strikes blocking the roads and to go early to the airport subsequently. Very good point. I find the quality of service onboard below of that of few years ago, food standard and bland, staff with good hard-skills though (responsive, efficient and professional) but could be better - they talk very fast, robotic gestures and could be more smiling. On our inbound leg, they ran out of one food option which left us very disappointed. Seats on the Boeing 777-300ER larger and more comfortable compared with that of other premium airlines. For the outbound Jakarta-Singapore leg, they asked us if we wanted to take an earlier flight, so that we could have more buffer time transiting in Singapore for our next flight to Paris and not being too much in a hurry, which was a very good point. All in all, very good ground service, but experience onboard quite standard. I place this experience on par with 4-star airlines such as Emirates, but below the 5-Star Qatar Airways. Good value for money though.
  Singapore to Brisbane. Seems like service / food is getting worse slowly over time. Upgraded to business class for 1200$ from Brisbane to Singapore but SQ wanted 2200$ for Singapore to Brisbane upgrade. Amazing difference in the same sector?
 Overnight flight delayed in takeoff due to airport congestion brought on by inclement weather. On boarding the large number of passengers on this oversized aircraft was impressively quick and smooth. Flight attendants were elegantly efficient - the female flight attendants were strikingly lissome. Sitting configuration was 3-4-3. Seats were comfortable but given that most seats were occupied, the cabin felt crowded. Lots of film choices on the seatback personal entertainment system, they were easy to access. Ample overhead luggage space. Leg space a bit tight. Seat reclination juts the backseat TV screen rather close to your face and the tray table to your tummy. In fact, the flight attendants, while serving meals, ensured that the passengers returned the seats to a more straight up position. A dinner and a breakfast were served. A multi page menu book was provided to all. There were two entree choices for both meals - no vegetarian choice. That was a shocking surprise. I chose the fish dish. It was amply portioned and tasty. The breakfast cold sandwiches were dry and virtually inedible. Predinner drinks were served in plastic tumblers from a tray that flight attendants carried - juice, beer, white wine were on offer. Dinner and breakfast cutlery were metal, not plastic. Duty free catalog was thick but nothing distinctive products on offer. Cockpit crew kept us informed of the flight and take off delays. Singapore Airlines should consider their impact on the environment - on this relatively short overnight flight they can simplify the breakfast and dinner, dispense with the paper menu and the basic amenities bag and ensure a vegetarian option as standard. Bathrooms were clean throughout. A good option over Lufthansa or United. Arrived more or less on time after a somewhat bumpy flight.
 The usual good ground service at Changi Airport. Aircraft was an upgraded 773ER with the new Y class product. Service on this almost 14h flight was good, with attentive staff. The seats are not very comfortable, thin padding and little legroom. IFE very good. Food was below average for such a long flight. The 777 as usual, pretty noisy.
 Departing SIN-LHR on the redeye flight (departing 1 am), this means a group of grumpy and tired travellers. Took the front row bulkhead seat in PE on Boeing 777-300ER which gives quite a lot of legroom, the downside is the the inflight entertainment (IFE) system is tucked away on the floor, in a it's own separate housing. I eschewed the champagne and dinner for sleep, and here I still find the SQ PE seats very stiff and difficult to recline, it really takes quite a lot of effort to force the seat into a recline position. Nonetheless, there is a reasonable amount of elbow space, and the personal reading lights, noise-cancelling earphones and cubby holes give a sense of comfort. The IFE is the new touch-screen system with a separate seat controller handset. My IFE monitor refused to come out of it's housing, but the aircrew performed some magic with a knife and fork, and saved the day! Food (the breakfast that I tried) was reasonably good, and crew were proactive with drinks and snacks through the flight. The only downside of PE in the B777 series is that access to the shared toilets is at the rear with normal economy, and you have to manage the queues for access the best you can. Overall, a good experience especially now that PE pricing appears to be equivalent to the prices from competitors such as Lufthansa.
  Danang to Adelaide via Singapore. Our flight over to Vietnam was quite comfortable and good service, however, the return was quite different. My bag was severely damaged in transit from Danang to Singapore. I was given the run around at Changi by staff and have to hope that I can manage a damage claim via email. The Silk air flight (which was code shared on SQ ticket) was very average. Old plane, the meal looked awful. Service was very rushed and impersonal. Singapore to Adelaide flight overnight - no sleep due to extremely badly behaved child that screamed the whole time. Staff seemed oblivious and only intervened to talk to the parents when I requested them to do so. No food served until 5 hrs into the flight despite the fact everyone was awake due to screaming child. Drinks trolley never bought through. No snack service in galley like other flights do. Very disappointed. Food was average and service slow. I found it insulting that the IFE played a video showing all the features of the business class seat not once but twice, a lovely reminder to those in cattle class what they are missing. New A350 has poor leg room and when the person in front reclined i could not bend my legs and had to keep them straightened under the seat in front. IFE very average. Wouldn't go out of my way to fly Singapore again.
  My experience was less convincing. The reservation line was always busy and it takes ages to get through. The seat is large and comfortable to sit, but to sleep it is not comfortable at all: too hard, too narrow footrest and you sleep in a diagonal position which is awkward. I could not sleep at all during the whole flight. And the food was really bad: very tough meat, overcooked and bad taste. Worst food I had in a long time. Staff is friendly but not efficient, sometimes it takes ages to get some water or bread etc. Overall really disappointing experience. A pity as they used to be good some years ago. In any case I will not chose them again. 
  I flew Singapore Airlines A380 business from Zürich to Singapore in November 2018, and it was really a disappointment. Prior to my flight, I pre-ordered cordon blue for my dinner. It was just bad. Although the business section was not full, the flight attendants kept forgetting to deliver my drinks. During dinner, they offered red or white wine, and when I asked for a diet coke, they got lost completely. When I ordered a coffee, they gave me the coffee long after I finished my dessert but never delivered the stirrer.  The business seat is extremely uncomfortable. The cushion is hard covered with a thin layer of leather cover. Even adding the bedsheet won't help. The armrests are a piece of small folding plastic, I couldn't rest my arms comfortably on them. When I reclined the seat, I was unable to stretch my legs due to design of the leg room. One has to curve his/her legs to fit the shape of the leg room and it is extremely uncomfortable to sleep like that. The quality of the image and sound of entertainment is below average. They offered limited movie selections. I am usually very easy going with airlines and I don't like to spend time to write reviews. However the newly designed business seats in Singapore airline are unacceptable.  Singapore airline should pay more attention to improve their seats, foods and services.
  Excellent service all the way from Stavanger, first with SAS to Copenhagen, then on to Singapore with Singapore Airlines. I choose Singapore Airlines for the entire trip from Stavanger - Singapore - Melbourne - Mildura- Melbourne - Perth then back to Stavanger via Singapore and London Heathrow mainly because they are part of the Star Alliance Group. All flights left on time and arrived earlier that scheduled. The service was excellent throughout. I particularly enjoyed the trip from Copenhagen to Singapore where I met a delightful young lady who was a member of the cabin crew. She took time to chat even though they were quite busy.  I have flown with Singapore Airlines several times before
  Bangkok to Singapore. Among all the times I have flown with Singapore Airlines, this trip did not feel like Singapore Airlines at all. Firstly, there was a slight delay and the ground staff did not provide any information whatsoever. A bad start to the journey. After boarding the plane, I could feel that the cabin crew lacked warmth and hospitality. Shortly after takeoff, the cabin crew came round to serve the children first. They came to serve my 8 year old Sister the meal however they did not give her two choices to choose from. They just served my Sister chicken with rice. It turns out that the chicken with rice was too spicy. There were actually two choices (beef stew and chicken with rice) which left me wondering why they did not stop to ask my Sister what choice she wanted. They didn’t even tell her that the chicken with rice was spicy!  When the cabin crew came round to serve adults, they were very rushed and did not make themselves clear at all. They asked ‘stew or chicken rice?’. They didn’t bother to tell us what meat the stew was. And they also did not offer any drinks. You have to ask them yourselves. The service I experienced was far from the ‘superior quality’ Singapore Airlines used to offer. I understand the need to rush service a little as the flight was only a little over two hours. However that does not mean that they can treat passengers like that. Disappointed with Singapore Airlines this time round. The only good point of this trip was that we could fly in their new Boeing 787-10 with improved amenities. But other than that, this flight could not be recognised as from Singapore Airlines!
 Flew Singapore Airlines from Singapore to Bangkok. Seat was very comfortable. Legroom was great and cabin crew were very polite as usual. The meal was delicious and it was nice of them to offer ice cream as a dessert. Inflight entertainment was also good but could have more options. Even though we were flying in one of the old A330s, this Singapore Airlines experience was amazing. Definitely would try them again.
  Singapore to Newark. Cabin crew attitude, IFE & food were amazing. The only problem that I had with them was my Mileage Plus, both the cabin crew on the outbound flight and the ground staff in Newark barely knew anything about it. I asked the outbound flight crew about my Mileage Plus, they told me to consult the ground crew who just said both airlines are members of Star Alliance. He wasn't even sure if Mileage Plus members flying on Singapore Airlines were able to access United lounges. However he did tell me that Mileage Plus users (me inclusive) had to upgrade to Gold before accessing a Kris Flyer lounge but that seemed to be the only thing he knew about Mileage Plus.
  Dubai to Singapore, with business class seated at 12A, the cabin was amazing, nice facilities with good ambience, cabin crews look nice, however some of the cabin crew are very robotic, there was no genuine care or personal touch from them. During the meal service, there was no one asking me to refill the drinks when crews saw my empty whisky glass, is it very expensive? Most of the crews without any anticipations for passengers. I can remember a female crew, when I asked for help to lay the bed back before landing, she asked me to carry her service tray for her, exchange? When she helped a lady seating behind me to lay the bed back, she put the blanket around the side of my seat, somehow the blanket slapped my head and I was shocked, when I was seeing her she just realized and said sorry! All the small details reflected that there is no attention for the customers, but some of the SQ flights I took before was so different! Honestly speaking, I was not comfortable this time and I feel there is no consistency for the cabin crew.  Really disappointed this time and not worth as a elite member anymore.
  Barcelona to Manila via Milan / Singapore. Upon arrival in Milan, a new group of cabin crew took over. This new team has been exceptionally outstanding in their service, beyond the normal that SQ is known for. When I asked for a cup of coffee, the steward served it with a small chocolate bar. In between meals, they served apple fruit; many minutes later, they served potato chips. These were additional foods than the normal snacks and drinks they served. The cabin crew were always visible throughout the flight, SQ377 on 28 Nov 2018. It’s like in economy class served like in business class.
  Mumbai to Singapore via Sydney. No kids menu provided for a 2.5 year old, they said they did not have any. The age is mentioned when you book the ticket. They gave instant noodles which is not I am some thing paying for, the flight includes meals.  We are non-vegetarians but other children with kids menu did not had a vegetarian option either.
  Singapore to Zurich. I am  impressed by this amazing latest Business Class product on the super silent A380. The seat has an incredible amount of privacy, plenty of functionalities and storage options and it is wonderfully set-up. The selection of movies is extensive and it comes with a big HD touch-screen. Food was great and the service, as usual on Singapore Airlines, was phenomenal. They remain my favourite airline out there. Particularly on this route, they put their code-share partner SWISS to a big shame. Overall, an impeccable flight, from the ground to the air.
 Surabaya to Singapore. Worst airline in terms of punctuality. I am a frequent flier and i took this flight pretty often.  For a premium airline (which is like really premium because Singapore Airlines price themselves higher than other airlines flying the same route) they are offering below subpar performance. Well, taking note their “getting you there on-time” slogan. They obviously getting us there but not on-time. One of the worst airlines where it comes to reliability and accountability.
 Singapore to Johannesburg. Check in and formalities were super efficient as is normal at Changi. The flight is at the unsocial hour of 01.30, recently changed from 02.00. Unfortunately only the scheduled time has changed. We were 30 minutes late, and it seems that this is the norm for this flight, and an extra half hour of sitting around at the time in the morning is frustrating. Boarding when started was efficient. The premium economy cabin is relatively spacious with ample space for storage, and the seats are very comfortable. A pre-take off drink, as is the norm on other airlines premium economy would have been very welcome after the wait. After take off drinks were served. Champagne is offered, but in a tiny plastic faux wine glass, and other drinks are also served in plastic tumblers that seem to become progressively smaller. Due to the timing only a light snack is offered. Although this was quick there was a long wait for coffee or drinks top up to be offered, and tables cleared, as there are no dedicated premium economy crew. Service is the same as economy, and although Singapore Airlines economy is amongst the best it does not match the premium economy service of other airlines such as Qantas. Overall the comfort and space are excellent, but the service level is economy - on all 4 premium economy flights on this trip the curtains between the cabins were left open.
  Sydney to Singapore. In Sydney, ground staff are particularly efficient. Aircraft was showing its age and perhaps an upgrade is required. I am unsure if it is the timing of the flight or the duration, however, the service lacked the upbeat and positive enthusiasm that SIA is known for, smiles were limited. I must commend the work of the senior flight steward who took excellent care of his passengers and came to check on them every few hours. The meals were average, not necessarily the best. They should allow passengers to know what is being served in the special meals category. Entertainment system didn’t respond either. However, the overall flight was okay, however, I have noted SIA for better service particularly on the SYD-SIN sector.
  Dubai to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore. It was my first and last time to use Singapore Airlines.  Both our flights had delayed for total 5 hours, which caused us to miss our next flight to Kuching. In addition, the food was really worse. I will never use Singapore Air anymore.
 Flew with SQ468 on the 27th of November out of Singapore and I was pleasantly surprised! The aircraft was in a top notch condition and the food was by far the best food I have ever tasted on an airline. The cabin crew were extremely attentive and were very courteous. I should particularly mention how they look after toddlers very well on board. Load factor was full however this wasn’t a challenge for the team at all. The only drawback of an otherwise excellent flight was the fact that the entertainments system malfunctioned so much that I ultimately gave up and went to sleep.
  Sydney to Hong Kong via Singapore. The service that I received in Sydney Airport was so unprofessional. The ticket that I bought is student ticket, so I got 10KG more baggage allowance. However, the staff said that my baggage are overload (43kg in total). I  understand that baggages are overloaded, and I was happy to pay for the extra 3kg, so I asked the staff how much I have to pay for the extra KGs, she answer AUD270. So I chose to repack my baggage since I think it is more expensive than I expected. after I repacked (1kg extra), the staff asked if I can pay for the extra or not (I was surprised, since it is just 1kg more). Even though I understand that the ground staff are mostly outsourced, they are representing SQ, so I should expect professional service. The aircraft from SIN to HKG was very old that the screen is still is squared format. The meal tasted bad as well. I do not normally complain about the quality of the food as long as they are acceptable, however, I did not think that it is in an acceptable quality from world No. 1 airline. Thirdly, I am not sure if all airlines are like this or not, however, from the meal menu, they have 3 courses to choose, I was informed that they only have 2 courses though. The seat of A380 is alright, but not okay for the B777 since it is way too old. I did not think the staff of SQ is friendly too, you can tell that the staff of my aisle are tired of the job and did not want to serve. I had a really high expectation in SQ since it  ranked as the No1 airline, however, my experience tell me that it is not.
  Flew short-haul flight from Seoul to Singapore with an A330. The plane is not very old (9 years) but had already old fashioned seats (no flat beds) and old entertainment. Both latter are the sole critical points in this experience that have been compensated by a fantastic crew with fantastic service. No airline can ever beat Singapore airlines when it comes to onborad service. A very attentive cabin crew with a very friendly and professional purser. Drinks were great and meal was fantastic that comes as usual with sate as appetizer.
  London Heathrow to Singapore. Having flown long-haul with various airlines over the years, and with Singapore Airlines to Asia before, we opted to use them again as they offer good value and service. We booked direct with the airline, which was cheaper than any aggregator sites - we had intended to fly premium economy, but when booking managed to get a business class outbound journey for almost the same price. The experience was excellent - from the business class SilverKris Lounge at LHR to the onboard service. The plane we were on had the relatively new business class seats, which were superbly comfortable and afforded a truly relaxing journey, with a good range of entertainment, food and drink (we used the 'Book the Cook' to have our own choice from the extensive menu). The wifi was also reasonable even if a 30MB allowance is meagre for a near 12.5 hour flight! The overall service was attentive without being over-bearing and the staff were always smiling - our every request was met and reinforced our view that Singapore Airlines offer the best business class experience among the top airlines.
  Manila to Munich via Singapore. Singapore Airlines has always lived up to its name and quest for excellence. The plane used for the Singapore to Munich leg of the flight has wider seats, wider TV monitor and wider aisle. The cabin crew service was excellent and attending to our needs. The inflight entertainment has more movie choices as compared to last month when I used this airline on return flight to India.
  I was disgusted with my flight from Auckland to Singapore. I found the food inedible, wine was a sauvignon which I don't like, I asked for Chardonnay just got a no. Toilets were dirty. We have a suit hanger when boarding to be hung and when we disembarked we saw it in the floor, when I asked why it was just dumped on the floor instead of hung up they had a no response attitude. Second leg to Heathrow I am just boarding now and dreading the overnight flight. Will not use them again.
  Delhi to Manila via Singapore. The crew on the Singapore - Manila leg of the flight, SQ918 were stern or not in the mood to serve on this flight. We were still offered the usual food and hot towels, but the atmosphere was cold at that section of the plane.
  Singapore to Sydney. I think Singapore Airlines is overall a very good airline but I think their premium economy compared to Qantas is ordinary. No curtain separating cabins, no welcome drink, meals out of aluminium containers. The only difference to economy is better seats. Not worth the extra money and not special.
 We flew from Singapore to Manchester on Sunday 28th October and can honestly say it was the best economy flight we have travelled on. Very comfortable seats tasty food and snacks Exceptionally clean toilets and most of all a great cabin crew.
  Dubai to Singapore flight was delay and I missed my connecting flight to Hong Kong. As it was airline mistake, they booked me on the next flight departing to Hong Kong after 5 hours. The staff at Singapore Airport arrival was not much helpful, they gave me SGD 15 meal voucher and asked me to wait in the public waiting area. 
  Singapore to Delhi i November 2017. The A380 was a bit old, but clean. Unlike the first class seat on board of the Boeing 777-300ER, the suite offered far better privacy. The best part was the bed; it was the most comfortable bed on the sky I've experienced. Service and catering was second to none, as usual.
 Hong Kong to Singapore. Everything about this flight is top notch. The seat was super wide and comfortable. Service was so attentive that sometimes I felt like I was being watched. Food was delicious and beautifully plated. One minor complain: I booked airport transfer through Singapore Airlines, and the car came early, but then the airline's check-in counter at HKG was not open until less than 2 hours before departure, leaving me wandering around the check-in area for over an hour. Despite this, I still think Singapore Airlines deserves to be the best in the world.
  Singapore to London Heathrow. A good flight with Singapore Airlines on a half full aircraft that allowed many in economy to have two seats each. Service quick and efficient and lunch and dinner of great quality. Water juice served constantly. Singapore set the bar for the best that economy anywhere can offer. Pity the app and website were not up to that standard. All in all 10 out of 10 for the flight. Also the ticket to London was very cheap too bought on line from an agents
  Mumbai to Sydney via Singapore. Mumbai Lounge was 5 Star, ground staff poor Language and Other Skills. Brand New A350. Cabin staff great, great Food. The Singapore Lounge was 5 Star. Old A380, cabin Staff great, great Food.
  Cape Town to Brisbane via Singapore. This was my first time on Singapore Airlines and the service was outstanding and the cabin crew were superb.  The A350 is a wonderful airplane and nearly silent. That was wonderful. The food was delicious, especially given that it is airline food. The cabin was uncrowded and well laid out in business class. The lavatories were spacious, clean and well supplied. I was surprised by no amenity kits and no pajamas in business class on long flights, and the crew did not automatically offer to assist with turning the seat into a bed. The angle at which you could lay flat was on a slant  because of where your feet have to go.  The cabin music, when playing, is cloying, saccharin and unpleasant. There was free WiFi in business class but I could not get it to work on the SIN-BNE leg and no one on board could solve the problem.
  Hong Kong to London via Singapore. Singapore Airlines is my best economy flight experiences so far. When I arrived at Hong Kong airport, I mentioned to the ground crew doing my check-in that I was concerned about any delay as I only had 3 hours of layover at London Heathrow when I had to clear customs and wait for my checked bag before I travel from terminal 2 to terminal 5 to catch the BA flight to Leeds. She called someone and then went to ask her superior when she couldn’t get answer on the phone to see if it’s possible to check my bag to Leeds. I knew they couldn’t do that when the two airlines belong to different airline partnerships (One World for BA and Star Alliance for SQ).  When I came back to Hong Kong a week later, I asked the ground crew at check-in if they might have any row of 3-seaters available,  ground crew looked to see if two rows that were blocked could be released. She then assigned the aisle seat, blocked the middle seat, and said she would do her best not to assign anyone to the window seat if possible.  I was able to lie down from London to Singapore. When they served the main meal, I told a flight attendant that I wanted Peppermint tea  and I brought my own as other airlines I have flown never had peppermint tea. He said they did. Not only did he bring me a cup, he also gave me a few bags of them for my layover at the Singapore airport. SQ has the most comfortable pillow for economy class in my experience. The blanket was twice the size and thicker than that of United. The economy passengers also got an amenitY kit (socks, toothbrush, toothpaste) . They have a foot-paddle to open the trash bin in the restrooms. When I got to Singapore, I asked at the gate if there might be a 3-seater available for the flight to Hong Kong. They assigned me to a 2-seater by the window. 
 Singapore to Manchester. My return flight was even better then the outgoing one! Again really comfortable seats, I got nearly 8 hours of sleep during this 13.5hr flight. The entertainment was top notch as was the food and the service. Great airline and I hope to fly with them again
  Singapore to Stockholm via Moscow. A fantastic experience. Good service and hospitality accorded to me. Nice leg room and array of entertainment options. The transits were well-handled, and despite a short rest at Moscow Airport (less than 1 hour), the plane was cleaned and the next leg from Moscow to Stockholm seems like taking off in a new plane. Staff were attentive and helpful.
  Delhi to Singapore. The second time I flew on the A380. The ambiance inside the plane was spacious and great. The service was exceptional. The only things that bothered me on this particular flight was they lacked international food to serve that I was served Indian food which I’m not used to. Another hitch was the on-line check-in where I was not able to choose the seat that I wanted as it was automatically chosen so I was put in an exit row which was a hassle for me as the TV monitor and the tray table has to be set up after take off only. Thank you.
  Manila to Bangalore via Singapore. As usual, exceptional service by the crew. Comfortable flights with the flight attendants always attending to your request. The only hitch was the sound on my assigned seat on the first leg of this flight, because it did not work properly.
  I have just completed a trip from Perth to Singapore and Hong Kong with Singapore Airlines and would like to say what a pleasure it was and the service was faultless. Particular thanks to the crew on our Singapore to Hong Kong flight on the 20th September at 1pm. the cabin crew were amazing in recovering some property that I had left on the previous aircraft and managed to deliver it to my seat before take off. The meals were lovely and cabin crew were fantastic with the children. Thank you for amazing flights and service, will definitely fly with them again.
  Some hurdles but still a pleasant journey. Flew from Jakarta to Singapore early in the morning. Despite some problems in overall journey, but I appreciate that they wanted to serve the best service that they can give. First, I could not use self-service check-in kios due to my single name, no gate agent was available at the moment might be because they have not started to work yet. But I didn't wait too long until they started to work. Secondly, limited choice of meal. I seated at the back of the plane therefore I became the last person to be served in the flight. Due to limited in-flight meal with chicken, left me fish which I less like it. One cabin crew apologized tried to persuade me to accept the meal, but I appreciate another cabin crew tried to find any meal options including business class.
  Singapore to Perth. Beautiful plane with comfortable seats. Did not require full recline to be comfortable in economy. Good legroom. Entertainment system has a touch screen with about 100 movies and large selection of TV, music. The plane has multiple charging docks - one USB and one standard per seat. Food was great. My vegan meal was a simple fried rice but it was tasty and satisfying. My son was served before the formal meal service - children served first. Call for service was attended to very quickly. Wifi available in flight but I did not try. A fantastic airline.
  Frankfurt to New York. Both my original flight from JFK to Frankfurt (21 Aug) and my return flight (2 Oct) were fraught with problems on the booking end. Upgrades were a struggle to get processed. Seat selection was very hard. Customer Service was very difficult to contact, and once on the phone, they were largely unable to provide any answers or any help. Several emails have gone unanswered. I have never had a worse experience with an airline.
  Even on a smaller aircraft like this A330, seats were decently spaced out in economy and cabin crew service puts some airlines to shame.  Hainan chicken rice (one of the best tasting ones I've had) + Magnum ice cream. Even though IFE on their newer aircraft like the A350s are better, the older aircraft such as this A330 wasn't bad. Cabin crew helped to hang our jackets/garment bags, hot towels, snacks & drinks on top of the meals, metal crockery. I've had the chance to fly (economy) on their A380, B777-300ER & B777-200ER. The B772 is an older plane and it's IFE could use an upgrade, and the new retrofitted A380 tends to have slightly smaller legroom than the rest. The 773s and A350s are super comfortable. SQ is still a world class airline.
 
It was an amazing flight with a very charming service, with four flight attendants for us 20 people in the business class. They were always present, very friendly, every time with a smile on their face and fulfilled all wishes immediately. Everything was fine, from the champagne after entering the aircraft, to the excellent dinner with a lovely red wine until the Singapore Sling, which was served shortly before landing. Any time I would like to use this service again.
  Melbourne to Tokyo via Singapore. Used the airline quite a few times, they have never disappointed us. Booking was convenient as always.The ground service was good, they requested us whether we would like to voluntarily self check in, which took some time though.The seats were comfortable as usual. Entertainment was good. Food and beverages were excellent, I really like their cocktail, Singapore sling. Cabin staff were good.
  Perth to Singapore. Older plane but comfortable seats with decent recline and leg room, although probably assisted by my companion and I sharing 3 seats. My vegan meal was a nicely crumbed eggplant with tomato and string beans. My companion had a decent beef rendang meal. Both were tasty but too salty. Entertainment variety was good. KrisShop had a very good range of products too. Service was fantastic. This is my favorite airline.
  
Singapore to Frankfurt. I was a frequent flyer with Singapore Airlines. I was redeeming my miles and booked my ticket through SIA  directly. I received E-Ticket confirmation. But, when I reached airport with my family, they told me my child ticket (3 month) had not been issued. They didn't knew why. They ask me to pay a full price one way ticket at $800, instead of the $102 it was supposed to cost. I sent a letter after the trip and ask explanation and reimbursement. They replied after 1.5 month. They said they made a mistake with the code share partner and apologised, but they didn't reimburse the difference between what I was suppose to pay and what I paid without having any choice at the airport. In short they made a mistake but don't take responsibility. I have stopped using this airline. In addition we were not even together on the first row with bassinet despite there were available seats.
 Flew Singapore airlines return from London to Manila via Singapore. Going to Manila the plane was a let down. The tv was not working properly, I nearly lost my temper because I had to call the staff 3 times to fix it. In fairness, she had been very accommodating, just you have to wait a while. However, the airline going back to UK was very good. I noticed, and this is not just for Singapore Airlines, all flights that I had been in, going to Manila are the low quality/substandard/old planes, whereas, going back to the UK are the excellent ones.
  Could not fault the airline until they cancelled a flight from Singapore to Hong Kong on 16th September 2018. This was due to a pending typhoon affecting Hong Kong. No refund is forthcoming. A small discount was offered on another flight at a future time. This is not possible for us. The pre booked hotel in Hong Kong is reimbursing us the full amount less a small administration fee. If they can do this why can't a large airline do the same. 
  Manchester to Singapore. Great flight. Bearing in mind it was a 13 hour flight it never felt like that at all. The staff were great and the food and entertainment were really good. In between the meals the staff would come round with drinks and get you what ever snack you want. The inflight entertainment was amazing so much choice. Economy never felt so good.
  On a recent flight from Perth to Singapore, I was asked by the cabin staff whether I preferred beef rendang or western-style chicken for dinner. I asked for beef and was told that the beef sets on her trolley had run out, and I would have to wait. I was expecting her to get me the beef set from another trolley when, just seconds later, the stewardess abruptly placed a chicken set on my tray. She opened the foil to show me the contents and said that the chicken “looks good too”. Without further explanations, she went on to serve the others.  I was bewildered by her unprofessional and amateurish attitude. Not wanting to create a fuss and feeling tired, I just accepted what was given. This incident might seem trivial, but such small things do make an impression and affect my decision to fly with the national carrier again. The crew members just seemed to be rushing to get their jobs done, and the warmth of the Singapore Girl that is so widely advertised simply could not be felt. Apart from personal grooming and the technical aspects of their duties, I wonder if soft skills and proper service attitude are sufficiently emphasized during their training. 
  Ho Ch Minh to Singapore. Everything went good except for the entertainment overall. Check in was not that crowded. Security check at SGN was well organized. Boarding was efficient and we’re one of the last onboard. Flight departed on time and we get good choice of food containing Fish and rice onboard with another drinks served, they are all delicious. However the entertainment was below the standard of Emirates. The staff we’re good onboard. Overall, still a great flight with Singapore Airlines.
 Flew Singapore to Denpasar. I got great service from a very charming crew. They spoiled me from entering the plane until landing. They were always present and fulfilled all wishes immediately. I ordered in advance over "Book the Cook" a "Grilled Beef with Balsamic Onion Sauce". The meal was excellent. I'm looking forward to my next flight with Singapore Airlines.
  Three of us arrived early at Jakarta  check in counter at around 2.45pm. We requested to change our flight to earlier 5pm flight, the first counter lady rejected our request and we went to another counter and he helped us to change flight but then told us we have to pay for the change. We declined to take the change of flight and later we were informed there was delay for one hour to our flight. Why did SIA charge for additional fee knowing that there was a flight delay and make their customers to wait for 4 hours.
  Guangzhou to Denpasar via Singapore booked for December 2018. They rescheduled the connected flight in which made my second flight 1 day earlier than my first flight (both are Singapore Airlines). I asked for cancellation of the whole trip. They delayed the refund for almost a month even I called four times. With only refund of the flight, they still keep those I paid for the seats and said it's non-refundable. I understand if it's my personal reason to cancel the flight, I wouldn't have asked for the refund of the tickets, not to mention the seats. 
  Midnight flight departing Singapore to London on A380 in economy class, not the favourite way to start a trip. Boarding was efficient and uncomplicated, although the sheer size of the A380 makes for a busy boarding process. We found ourselves on one of SQ's newest A380-800 aircraft, decked out in the new economy class setting with updated seating and AVOD. This configuration has economy and premium economy on the lower deck, and the very premium seats on the upper deck. We were in the 2nd most front row of economy, near to the galley. Seats were relatively comfortable (by Economy standards), with a new styled headrest. The AVOD was presented with a large touch screen, and is now line with the likes of Emirates. Food choices were pretty good (mostly edible), and service was pleasant, if not enthusiastic. We departed and arrived on time, and it was as tolerable as long-haul economy can be, I believe.
  We have previously flown Singapore Airlines in economy, and have always been impressed with the service. This trip was our first experience of Singapore Airlines premium economy. Priority check-in and boarding was quick and easy, with a friendly welcome and offer of assistance from the crew. The premium economy cabin is just three rows in a 2-4-2 configuration, and there is plenty of locker space. The seats are comfortable with a good level of recline and good leg room. There is a calf support, but this serves little purpose, plus a leg rest from the seat in front. Their is a 13inch HD entertainment screen with excellent sound reducing earphones. Having experienced Singapore Airlines excellent economy class service levels, expectations of an even better premium experience are unfortunately not met. Service is economy level. There are no pre- take off drinks, and although champagne is offered when drinks are served after take off, it is in a tiny plastic faux wine glass. Wine is of mediocre quality served in a plastic tumbler. Top ups are a long time in coming as there are no dedicated premium economy crew, and the same staff serve the economy cabin. Meals were the same as economy with extras such as tablecloths absent. The main reason for traveling premium economy is space and comfort, and we had a very comfortable flight and slept well. However we were left with the feeling that Singapore Airlines somewhat belatedly introduced premium economy to keep up with their competitors, but have not totally embraced the concept.
  Singapore to Brisbane. We have flown this route several times previously flying economy, before the introduction of the A350, so were looking forward to the daylight flight on premium economy. Check in and boarding could not be criticized, effortless and quick, with smiling welcoming staff. The premium economy cabin is very pleasant, with lots of locker space, and the seats are comfortable, with good recline and ample leg room. For a daylight flight the entertainment system is paramount, and this is top notch with a 13 inch hadscreen, superb noise cancelling headphones, and a vast selection of programmers. However when it comes to service, standards drop to economy level. No pre-take off drink, nor after take off drinks. A 1 hour wait until meal service, when drinks are served with the meal. Champagne is available, but wines are mediocre and served in plastic tumblers. The last time we flew this route in economy there was at least a proper glass on the tray, but now it is all plastic. Meals were brunch and then a hot snack later, with a choice of two dishes on each occasion, but out of both meals only the ice cream was good. During the flight the crew were very active, with frequent drink runs, and washrooms were well maintained. Overall a very comfortable flight, with an excellent crew, but a level of service not up to expectations for premium economy.
 Adelaide to Paris via Singapore. Excellent staff and service. Always friendly, polite and smiling. Hot towels, frequent, drink runs, good food. Extra snacks and drinks available throughout the flight. I liked the drinks holder in seat backs. Seat comfortable. Blanket and pillow. The head support "wings" really help. Plenty of entertainment choices and reasonable screen size and quality. I didn't try the wifi. Toilets cleaned regularly during both flights. Baggage transit between flights went smoothly. Both flights were full and for the price, this is about as good as it is reasonable to expect an economy flight to be. I wouldn't hesitate to fly with Singapore Air again. And the bonus. If you are going to have some hours between flights, transiting in Changi is the best place to do it. Plenty to do, or easy to get a rest in the airport. Lots of quality food options at excellent prices.
  
Kuala Lumpur to Bangkok via Singapore. Singapore Airlines is for me one of the most elegant when it comes to the design in and out. I had finally an experience to fly with them which was very nice, the service of their cabin crew was amazing. Sincere service I would like to call it. 
 Singapore to Hong Kong. New cabin I can t believe SQ spent so much in "upgrading" the business class seat which on 777-300 is way more elegant and comfortable. Still same awkward angle and I have never experienced such hard seats. Claustrophobic, narrow, hard and squeezing more seats. Will avoid as much as possible flying on the A380.
  San Francisco to Singapore. Service was great, they keep on feeding you, the food was awesome. Its was a 16hr flight but I never felt tired or stress, the seats are great. They are the cheapest business class from the Philippines to the USA but they give the best service and product. I was just disappointed there was no Satay.
  Flew with Singapore Airlines on a round trip from Singapore to Shanghai return. The aircraft I flew from Shanghai - Singapore was an older A380. The seat was smaller than expected and I was uncomfortable. However the crew was very friendly and spoke many different languages. The food was not very good as compared to my Singapore to Shanghai leg, but it was definitely edible. IFE was ok, not the fastest IFE I've seen but it was sufficient. This flight was slightly below standard but it was fine. I would fly them again.
  Singapore to Seoul return. Excellent service onboard. Refreshing hot towels were provided before each flight. Food may not be the best but still pretty good. Plenty of movies to choose from with the inflight entertainment, although the system looks rather old on the A330s.
  
Auckland to London via Singapore. When boarding the SIA A380 in Singapore I was saddened to see how tired the aircraft was looking on the outside and the inside compared to the Air New Zealand 787 I arrived on. The seats have definitely seen better days and struggling to get comfortable half way through the flight. Sat at the front of economy you could see how much better and new the premium economy seats and screens was compared to the aged economy seat, like two different airlines on the same aircraft. Crew like always had a smile on and did plenty of laps around offering water and cleaning. Toilets was also nice and clean and stocked with basic essentials, tooth brush, combs, moisturiser along with having hot towels before each meal helped you feel a bit more refreshed. Meals was ok, drink portions are terrible. Two sips and the lots gone. Feels like cost cutting is taking place.
  Singapore to Seoul. Service seems to have improved since the last time I flew them on economy in December 2016. Hot towels and lots of drink refills even when flying over moderate turbulence. During the outbound flight, my inflight entertainment had no sound after an hour airborne and the crew initially wanted me to move to another seat at the rear of the plane but I rejected it as I had specifically chosen a seat on the wing for comfort. The leading crew and cabin manager eventually moved me to the first row of economy class on an aisle seat with extra legroom, insisting that I should enjoy my movie and sitcoms and also meant first to deplane! Service standards vary- local Singapore hires seem passionate and genuine but their overseas hires didn’t appear friendly. Inbound, the meal service did not start until 1.5 hours prior to landing as it was a redeye back to Singapore but the attendant serving my row was happy to heat up pot noodles for me. Chief steward was friendly and gave me a bag of free goodies having seen me carry two stuffed bears to ease my fear of it being extremely bumpy having read that the return flight would be going over a typhoon. Food option ran out but the crew let me have a vegetarian meal which tasted pretty good. Seat had issues reclining and two attendants pleasantly helped me make sure it worked despite taking 15 minutes or so. Both ways: inflight entertainment with plenty of movies and music to choose from. Would have flown them to LHR and back this winter if not for outrageously expensive winter fares exceeding 30 day stays!
 Dhaka to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore. I flew Singapore Airlines with my spouse from Dhaka to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore. We had booked the tickets around 3 months ahead which allowed us to get them at unimaginably cheap price. So given the overall quality of service we received was great bang for buck. We loved the interior which had nice Christmas decorations. The legroom was sufficient for an economy seat. The food on the menu was better than what I have had on most flights. The cabin crew were extremely polite and helpful. Our takeoff was slightly delayed due to issues with airport and I was afraid we will miss the connecting flight from Singapore. However, we were allowed to board the flight at Singapore even though we were 5 minutes late and the last passengers in! So they were basically waiting for us. I was very satisfied with the experience and I would love to fly again.
  Taipei to Singapore. Very unpleasant experience with boarding. They asked to check my boarding pass twice within one minute: the 1st time at the boarding gate, and then at the airplane entrance door. I understood that they did it that way due to their "rigid security policy", but did not train their staff to do it in a professional manner. 
  London to Singapore. I had not flown Singapore Airlines for a long, long time and was looking forward to this 13 hr experience. They did not disappoint and had improved over the years. Check-in and boarding were painless and in particular, boarding was well organised. Inside there were the usual charming hostesses in traditional dress. The aircraft was clean and neat. The leg room was fine considering the distance involved, In-flight entertainment was so so good that I chucked away my Sudoku puzzle book and watched what was on offer. Meals were very good and the staff made sure that we were hydrated. There were no real queues for the toilets. Before I realised it we were descending to Singapore. Great experience with the best airline in the world!
  Frankfurt to New York. Friendly smiling crew made a huge difference on this flight. Good food and entertainment, comfortable seats, on time departure. I have used Singapore Airlines for over 30 years and they continue to be my favorite carrier.
  Singapore to Shanghai on 28th July 2018, it was a lovely morning, warm welcomed by the crews on board, seemed like the flight was not full on that day. Had "book the cook" US beef and it was really amazing, I could not agree more as it was the best beef I had before. Specially thanks to a lovely air stewardess, her service was really on top. Cabin was spacious. Its a perfect option so far.
  Flying from Yangon to Singapore on mid morning flight, really showed that SilkAir struggles to match the SIA product. To be fair, we were accommodated on an Airbus A330-300, which has seatback IFE, wider seats and a generally more spacious ambience. Nonetheless, the in-flight meal for the 3 hour flight was just much better than the SilkAir product, and the IFE at least made the time pass faster. The A330 has a 2-4-2 configuration, which makes travelling as a couple or single slightly more enjoyable. The cabin crew were very engaged, going the extra mile for multiple drink servings.
  Jakarta to Singapore. I now come back to fly with Singapore Airlines because they are named the “best airline” of 2018, but the service is the best for sure. The check in to boarding was great as usual. Onboard with a wonderful helping staff and crew.  The IFE itself was limited compared to Emirates because it’s an old airplane with no power plug and smaller screens. The food was beef and rice which was delicious. Overall, short flight with Singapore Airlines means the best one ever had. What can I say is to say Thank you to all Singapore Airlines team for this amazing short flight.
 Frankfurt to Singapore. Singapore Airlines again demonstrated why it is the best airline. The flawless crew was always offering food and drinks during the whole flight, and always ready to do anything to make your flight great. The food is the best I've ever had on a flight, the IFE was just brilliant and the overall quality of the aircraft was perfect. Legroom and recline angle were exceptional. Simple details as the hot towel after takeoff and before landing make this airline special. Skytrax 5 stars well earned.
  Frankfurt to New York JFK. Check-In was acceptable at best, not very efficient. Although I ordered a wheel chair long ahead of time, i had to wait 20 min for it to arrive. LH has a special check-in area for handicapped people. I had pre-ordered a special meal, which was very good. It came as soon as lunch was served. Which is kind of interesting because, I like booking the SIA flight because they leave Frankfurt at 8:30 in the morning and arrive at JFK around 11, long before anybody else from Europe arrives, which is important in Terminal 4. So lunch was served at 10 am German Time. Why dont they give us a breakfast 9:15 and 2,5 hours before landing a lunch, which would make more sense. The flight was pretty packed, very classy not so many babies around. This A380-800 was built for Asians, but still it was comfortable enough because I am 6 feet 11. The IFE was pretty good, though the tv series were kind of old, movies were a year old but still acceptable. The Team was nice, but not as nice as i have seen them before. Leaving the plane I had to wait until everybody else was gone, but the wheelchair was waiting for me when left the plane. By the time i was through Immigration my luggage was already out.
  The early evening flight was a new A380. Food wasn't anything exceptional though but I should mention that Singapore airlines does go through excessive lengths even in economy class, for instance providing menus. The biggest let down was the breakfast with a cold muffin and some fruits which isn't what I expected on a flagship route because I have eaten better meals on short haul flights with SQ. Crew were varying. The ones that greeted us at the entrance were extremely pleasant but the ones in the rear economy class section were very serious and I saw barely any smiling. Still got the job done though. Inflight entertainment is out of this world and is extremely sophisticated and can keep you entertained for the full 8 hours.
  San Francisco to Bangalore via Singapore. Ticket was sold as 1 layover at Singapore. However flight stopped at Hong Kong and we were made to out for another security check. Three people family was forced to sit at three different seat including my minor child, Same meal was repeated.  We were given last seat in the return journey. There was no cabin space given for our seat and hence we had to put our stuff scattered in the plane. Meals were also mediocre quality with no fruits and veggies or salad.
  Manila to Bangkok via Singapore. My first time to take a ride of this type of plane, the B787-10. It's spacious, has wider seat-TV screen, more legroom and a wider aisle that my cabin bag did not hit the arm chairs at any time.
  Singapore to Beijing. Took this flight in Apr 2018, the aircraft was pretty new, spacious, I reserved the "Book the cook" service prior to departure, the inflight meal was really premium, especially the lobster with rice. The inflight entertainment system was perfect, the screen was big. Ground staffs were friendly, same as the cabin crews.
  My wife and I flew this route on May 1st to Singapore, and then Singapore to Christchurch on May 16th. Good flights, great crew, attentive, approachable, Meals great, drinks plentiful, alcoholic and juices, water, tea, coffee etc, A bit rough flying over Australia, captain had seat belt sign on several times, as well as announcements from cabin crew, Very safety conscience. Clean toilets, rubbish removed promptly. A great experience, would fly this top rating airline again.
  My recent experience in business class was very subpar. First off, the seats were angled weird and made it difficult to sleep comfortably. The entertainment remote was also not very responsive. There were way too many announcements causing frequent interruptions in watching movies (and don't tell me they are necessary as I've never experienced so many announcements on any other airlines). I booked the cook for all my flight meals when it was available. On none of the flights were any of the flight attendants aware that I had pre-ordered my meals. They always asked me what I wanted to order and I had to remind them that I had booked the cook.  On my last leg back home (Seoul to LAX), same problem occurred, but this time they forgot to serve me breakfast (despite being awoken almost 4 hours before landing). They served me the preliminary stuff but then I sat for another hour with no meal served. I went up to one of the flight attendants, and she notified me that she accidentally gave my pre-ordered meal to someone else. However, 10 minutes later, she came out with my correct meal, which tells me she simply just forgot to serve me. The head flight attendant was apologetic and offered me a 100 Singapore Dollar voucher to use on in flight shopping. He told me it was good for one year, but I have no idea if I am going to take another Singapore Airlines flight within the next year, and especially not after this poor experience. This was such a disappointing experience. 
  I am very happy with the service and care provided during this trip. They also upgraded to Business class from Wellington to Melbourne. It was like a sweet and short trip. Thanks for this. Also changed my Bangalore ticket to a earlier flight saving me almost 18 hrs with a very nominal fees. I am very much obliged and grateful for this service. Singapore Airlines have earned a loyal customer today. 
  Sydney to Singapore on SQ242, began with very helpful and friendly ground staff in Sydney. The flight was 20 minutes late but flying time made up for the delay and got us in early. Similarly, the 777 was very well maintained and the entertainment was remarkable. Dinner was not up to it's expected standard however the refreshment that was provided prior to landing was excellent and sufficient. The cabin staff did an excellent job and I particularly observed how they take very good care of toddlers.
 Singapore to Bali. Singapore Airlines was disappointing. What happened to the "Singapore Girl"? Outdated IFE, still using the remote control, poor screen quality and sound. No menu given before the meals nor aperitif proposed. Straight to the food, which was bland. There is wine on the cart but it is not proposed to passengers, one needs to ask for it. A lot of useless announcements from the attendants made this flight totally forgettable. They should shorten their flight safety announcement which, I believe, is one of the longest among carriers.
 SQ856 From Singapore to Hong Kong on the A380 with a flight delay for an hour due to airspace. Flight attendant did not serve Singapore Sling during the delay as not in the air. First time I heard this explanation. When I asked for coffee, the attendant retorted at me as there is turbulence. Flight attendant very impatient. For the flight back via SQ871 on the A330 very friendly flight attendant and pilot who welcome the whole passenger and enjoy his job. I enjoy the A330 services on the way back.
  Very impressed with the overall journey with Singapore Airlines. The seating was very comfortable and easy to relax in. The cabin staff were very friendly and helpful. The service in the air was very good and professional. The menu (food and drinks) was good with a great selection for both. We were expecting a small travellers bag (toiletry) with tooth brush and other accessories for the long night trip (like other airlines do) but was not supplied. Only in the toilets we found some items. For the price of a business class ticket or any flight tickets they should have been supplied for the long trip. 
  Davao to Zurich via Singapore. I had an enjoyable experience with Silkair and later on with Singapore Airlines. The 1st leg of the flight was good. Boarding was on time as the departure was. After boarding newspapers were offered, but I refused to get one. After takeoff, the crew took a while to start with the service, but the meal was very tasty and the quantity was good. The legroom on the flight was superb due I was seated at the emergency exit. Unfortunately the IFE was only on overhead screens, so it was quite boring flight. After the layover in Singapore, the ground handling for the 2nd leg was very good and boarding commenced with only slight delay. The service on this flight began shortly after takeoff, but it was a bit rushed during late dinner was served, and I didn't get the dessert. But since it was an ample and tasty dinner, I didn't mind at all since it was already 2am as well. The selection on IFE was superb, but the flight information is a bit outdated, since it was a non-refurbished aircraft. After I called FA for a mid-term snack an ample snack was served. Shortly before arrival a very tasty breakfast was served less rushed than the dinner. Overall the FA's did a great job! The legroom on the 2nd leg was a lot more narrow, but still it was a good legroom. Landing in Zurich was on time. I had a very good experience with Silkair and Singapore airlines and I will recommend to fly with SIA!
 Singapore to Los Angeles via Incheon. The aircraft was clean and the seats were noticeably narrower than the PE seat on the Singapore A380. Again I was disappointed by the minimal service by the cabin crew. I had looked forward to my flights on Singapore Airlines and found them to be lacking in attention to their passengers. I would fly Singapore again, but I would not go out of my way to do so as I did this time. I doubt that I would spend the extra money to move up to Premium Economy.
  Melbourne to Delhi via Singapore. Flying Premium Economy was disappointing, over rated seating and food was average and similar to Economy - apart from slight extra leg room, it was not premium at all. Service was below average. Transit in Singapore was also disappointing as agreed requests to ground staff were not actioned on aircraft. After a long time, am using my KrisFlyer points for my wife to travel Business Class from Melbourne to Rome via Singapore on in August 2018 whilst I am travelling on a Business Class ticket. My wife’s SIN-ROME booking using KrisFlyer points remains waitlisted on Business Saver Class despite 3 months of booking. Instead, Singapore Airlines wishes me to pay approx AUD$1,500 to upgrade my wife’s Business Saver Class to the next sub-class. This is unacceptable and disappointing.  Despite being a loyal customer for over 30 years, a fair significant of which is as a PPS member until recently, the airline is unable to assist. Based on poor treatment to-date in respect of item 3 above, it appears that Singapore Airlines is misleading with its KrisFlyer program in that passengers are encouraged to join up but the ability to redeem points is difficult/a very long wait. 
  Singapore to Perth. This was the first time I used economy class after many years as I used business class for my business flights. I am a big fan of Singapore Airlines and a Solitaire PPS member with them, therefore it was an interesting experience to fly in economy again. Check in was fantastic as I was able to use the first class check in in Singapore which is a pleasant experience. Silver Kris first class lounge is in need of renovation as it is not in line with today’s standards of premium first class lounges. Boarding was on time and effortless, again as due to my status I was able to board first. Seating, the aircraft was an old 777-200 and the seating and equipment reflected this. Perhaps I was spoiled by flying business class but I found the seating very tight and cramped. The inflight entertainment was also very old and limited. I am aware that SIA is introducing the new B787 for the SIN to PER route, this change is well overdue. Another item is the the inflight duty free shipping, we have tried on 4 different flights to buy a certain perfume which is listed in their catalog but it was not available as well as other male colognes listed. There is no point of having a catalog on the plane when the items are not available. Cabin staff were doing a great job and well trained.
  Bangkok to Singapore return. Singapore Airlines is very dependable and the standards always high as is expected of a 5-star airline. The check-in counters are almost always free or have no more than one other guest in front of you. This is something I never take for granted and often a welcomed relief especially if I have travelled quite far to get to the airport. Knowing that check-ins can be done in under 5 mins from reaching the airport is an experience I've always looked forward to when flying with SQ, no matter which country I am in. The check-in staff are always pleasant and polite which sets the tone for the rest of the journey. The welcoming experience is often replicated at boarding when a senior cabin crew checks my boarding pass and welcomes me on board. SQ sets itself apart from the rest of the airlines by showcasing their best and possibly their most senior crew at the boarding area. The inflight entertainment offers an excellent selection of movies and shorter programmes. More importantly, Singapore Airlines allows passengers to use the inflight entertainment as soon as they are seated. The seat is slightly uncomfortable on the A330 in a full upright position but is fine once it can be reclined, even just slightly. They no longer places blankets in every seat for this route but they are available on request.
  Melbourne to London return via Singapore, with A-350 on both MEL-SIN legs, A-80 on SIN-LHR and B-777-300ER on LHR-SIN. Early departure  from MEL and very efficient service. The A350 business class seat and fit-out is very modern and high quality. The A380 and B777 is a bit older but still good. Lie down bed takes a bit of getting used to for set-up and pack away, but once you've got the hang of it, it's great. Helps you to sleep much more than when sitting. Meals were very nice and enjoyed book the cook options. The flight attendants felt the need to wake me for meals, even when I had put the Do Not Disturb button on. Perhaps they could say at the start of the flight when meals are expected, or allow you to choose a time within a certain range? The IFE was excellent with a good choice of recent and older movies. I found the headsets pushed into my ears, which got a bit sore after a couple of hours. I wear glasses, so that might be the reason. Amenities were available in the bathroom, although I didn't realise this until the second leg. Perhaps they should announce it or tell you upon boarding, rather than leaving you to wait for a kit? Overall, very pleasant flights despite the length. On MEL-SIN-LHR, the flight arrived at Terminal 3 and departed Terminal 1, which was a bit disappointing for the national carrier's airport. I had gone to the lounge before realising my connecting flight was in a different terminal.
  Mumbai to Sydney via Singapore. I was travelling with my father in law and he was travelling outside India for the first time. I had requested for wheel chair assistance, but was hesitant about the extent of assistance provided and feasible. I was so pleasantly surprised to see that all my worries  were reduced to nothing with the extent of co-operation, understanding and courteousness displayed by the staff. Hereon, I will be suggesting Singapore Airlines to everybody who asks me. A big thank you to the flight crew and ground staff for SQ 423 and SQ211 on 18th and 19th of May. Keep up the good work guys.
  Singapore to Xiamen. I am extremely disappointed with Singapore Airlines! I am an United Gold customer. Before I booked my flight, I called Singapore Airlines to verify whether I can use the airport lounge due to my United Gold status. The staff gave me wrong info and as a result, I paid $100 more to book Singapore Airlines. However, at the airport, I was refused and was told that the staff gave me wrong info. They refused to correct their mistakes and give me refund.  This is ridiculous! The service was not any better than United and I don't even get the choice of meal that I want because they didn't prepare enough (only 25% of the meal is fish).
  Wellington to Singapore. My trip was quite disappointing, the 777 aircraft are so old! The TV screen resolution is horrible. Entertainment options not the newest. The flight was delayed by almost 2 hours because of push back issues.  Service and food was just okay; nothing memorable.  With the high prices they charge, I don't think it's worth it, but I still love the brand.
  Bangkok to Singapore. Wanted to try the regional business class available on the brand new Boeing 787-10. Feeling like a cocoon, it is very private, entertainment system is really great, enough space to store your book or headphones, seat is comfortable, without the Z on bed position which i think is a real improvement However, the only small negative point is that the seat is a bit narrow with small arms rest during take off and landing, you can push it down during the flight so not a real issue. Aircraft is great even if i was expected a more quiet environment, compared with the A350 for example. I didn't mention the service and the food which were amazing. Overall a great way to fly.
 Singapore to Perth. Departed from Changi airport Terminal 3. Check in was via self serve terminals - very easy. Followed by bag drop, due to a longish queue was redirected to another baggage drop area. Ground staff were eager to assist passengers. Check-in complete a quick process through security and immigration and into a shoppers paradise. Plenty to shop for and places to grab a coffee and a bite to eat. Boarding was orderly and quick again with lots of smiles and “welcome aboard”. Earphones were picked up as we boarded pillows and blankets already on the seats. Service commenced with a hot towel service followed by a bar service. I was drinking apple juice with ice. Shortly after the meal service commenced. The flight attendant noticed my empty glass an asked if I would like another apple juice with ice but she didn’t have ice on the meal trolley would I mind waiting a couple of minutes. I didn’t mind at all. And sure enough within a couple of minutes another flight attendant brought my drink - impressive and unexpected in economy class. The meal was hot and tasty and quite substantial. The seat, although not quite as comfortable as the A330 on the outbound flight, was fine and had good recline. After the meal trays were collected we were offered ice creams. On at least two more occasions my drink was replenished without asking even while I napped. Again a comfortable flight with excellent service. Singapore Airlines has always been the bench mark for service and they are working hard to maintain the high standard they have set.
 Perth to Singapore. It has been a long time since I last flew SQ, I am pleased to say nothing has changed they are still the same high standard they were. Check in at Perth was fast. Boarding was by zones and very orderly and efficient, lots of happy smiles and “welcome aboard” from the cabin crew stationed throughout the aircraft. The aircraft was showing its age but was very clean and the seats were very comfortable, ample leg room (I am 6ft) and good recline. Seats were already prepared with blankets, pillows and headphones. Safety checks carried out a number of times prior to and during taxi. Shortly after take-off service commenced with hot towels followed by a very good breakfast. During this 5 hour flight the crew passed through the cabin at least 4 times with trays of water and juice. Inflight entertainment was excellent with plenty to watch and listen to.The only criticism of this flight was the cabin temperature, freezing, the blanket proved essential. That said all in all a very comfortable flight with great service.
  It's a nice experience to take Singapore Airline A380 from Hong Kong to Singapore. The ground staff in Hong Kong is not very nice but cabin crew are friendly. I order a seafood meal and taste good, however, as A380 is the largest aircraft  it takes long time to  board.
  Bangkok to Singapore return on the brand new Boeing 787-10. Check-in at both Suvarnabhumi and Changi was organized and the staff were courteous and professional. Boarding was organized by row number, with clear announcements made for each boarding group. The highlight for both flights was the cabin itself. The seat in Economy, although in the 3-3-3 configuration on the 787, was very spacious, with generous leg room and seat storage. All seat amenities, including a charging port, light switch, and crew call sign, were available on the seat back. The IFE screen was crisp and the system itself had so much quality content, including the newest movies. The system did lag slightly when exiting the navigation map. Catering and cabin crew service was consistent with that of other Asia's legacy carrier's standards. Service could have been a bit more personal, but with 301 seats in Economy for a 1.40hrs flight, the crew did an amazing job. Overall, a very pleasant trip and I look forward to flying with them whenever I can!
  Manchester to Auckland via Singapore. Very good flight but the seat got a little uncomfortable towards the end. Good legroom as I am a tall man and had around 3 inches to spare. Was able to have my legs straight when I wanted which makes a difference. I flew with Etihad from Auckland to Manchester and my knees rubbed the seat in front all the way. Singapore Airlines were great.
  Singapore to Denpasar. Old plane doesn’t mean always bad, SQ did a good job for old plane on this flight. SFML meal is good and everything’s okay during the flight, cabin crew so attentive to all passengers even the economy class passanger. SQ did a good job (again) this time!
  Short haul flight and it’s nice as usual, everything’s fine and this is the best option for CGK-SIN flight. It’s value for money and it’s best if you compare to other airlines based on travel duration and price. SQ is one of my favourite Asian airlines u til today.
  Bangkok to Singapore. This route not too perfect like long haul flight that operated by SQ. It’s full of people, but it’s not affected to the service. I suggest SQ to change the new aircraft for this route, since so many traveler from BKK airport. Food for this flight is better than flight embarked from SIN.
  Singapore to Jakarta. Best short haul option for Business Trip in Jakarta. On time, quick check-in process, and well organize flight. Food is good, FA did a great job. The only minus is arrival service at CGK, crowded airport with lack service. Baggage claim need so long time!
  Bangkok to Singapore. Outgoing flight is quite ordinary. Head of the flight does not really possesses usual SQ pleasant personality. I was not addressed by name nor was shown to my seat. Menu was downgraded to one small thin piece of paper similar to economy class menu and wine/ cocktail choices are not listed. The retrofitted 777-200er business class seat is not comfortable at all. It give passenger good privacy, but for a short flight which does not require bed, I cannot find comfortable lounging position at all. Toilet are well stocked and very well taken care of. The return flight is better, same flimsy menu paper, same aircraft and same seat, but crews are pleasant and proactive. My lobster from “Book the cook” menu is very nice.
  Flew return from Singapore to Taipei. Flights were a very reasonable hour; early morning departing and early afternoon returning. The flight out was probably only 65% occupied, which contributed to the overall sense of wellbeing. Flight was on the A330 series, with 2-4-2 configuration. If travelling as a couple or pair, taking the window/aisle seats definitely gives you a sense of your own space, so this was a big plus. Legroom was reasonable. Service was up to the usual standards, although the most senior crew were sometimes a bit unsmiling. Food was average to good, depending on your choice, and the AVOD although not spanking new, was sufficient to entertain most for this 4 hour flight. The airplane is probably beginning to show it's age - it was a bit creaky and rattly on takeoff and landing, but everything is well maintained and perfectly comfortable. Singapore Air may transition some flights to the Boeing 787, and many suggest the 3-3-3 economy seating is a nightmare for economy travellers.
  Singapore to Tokyo Haneda and Tokyo Narita to Singapore. A350 on the way there, 777-300ER on the way back to Singapore. Latest business class product on both segments. Seat is large and very good – plenty of privacy, storage options and reading lights. There is only one con: space for legs/feet is very limited when seat is fully down, which is kind of annoying. Mattress is also not the softest. Blanket and pillows provided are of very high quality. No amenity kit provided. Personal TV has a big high-resolution screen with a broad selection of movies and channels to keep you busy. Service was really good, proactive and with a smile – that’s where Singapore Airlines shines the most in my opinion. Room for improvement is the food. Meals selection is quite good (including the Book the Cook option) but the meal quality is inferior to other airlines in Business (see Turkish Airlines or Qatar). Good champagne and extensive selection of beverages available upon request. Note of merit for the chamomile served along with pastries & chocolates selection. First flight on-time. Return flight delayed of 40 minutes due to the delayed incoming aircraft on the Los Angeles – Tokyo Narita segment. Overall, would recommend the product and will fly again.
 As Bi-annual visitors to Thailand, by recommendation, we went with SQ for a change having heard great things about Changi airport. This time we took our adult daughter too - 'the shopper'. Unfortunately, all we saw of Changi was what we saw while running through the terminal, owing to our first connecting flight being delayed, then our second going tek and requiring us to change aircraft many hours later than our departure time. We were handed forms at the departure gate and an invitation to contact Singapore Airlines for future incentives. Infact, what we got in reply, months later, was in short: 'Safety first; we don't compensate for delays or connections - if missed' (all our flights were SQ). Tough luck. Therefore our experience of SQ is one we wouldn't recommend and as they state, they wash their hands of you if you miss a connection even in the event that connecting flights are both SQ. As a former employee of a British airline operating the very same aircraft I feel I have enough experience to say this is at best a poor outcome from SQ. On a positive note, they make it easy to decide who not to spend your time airborne with. Also, my wife is gluten free, although requested, she had to skip some meals because they didn't have the gf option for her.
  London Heathrow to Sydney via Singapore. Both myself and my wife enjoyed the overall experience, responsive flight attendants and very friendly. Our only real complaint is the food which we found to be rather unappetising and repetitive, perhaps a few European or English dishes would be a refreshing change and certainly more welcoming to our palate.
  Paris to Singapore return in seat 41B (seat with more space against extra fee). Service remains 5-star, food, onboard service and entertainment, boarding. Have flown several times on this airline in the past in economy class. Boarding on both flights were swift and smooth with clear instructions from airline staff. Choice of food adequate with sandwiches/refreshment available outside of main meal distribution. On the return leg, the breakfast offering was adequate but not available due to short supply on board. I was forced to take noodles as breakfast while preference was for other dish. Boeing 777 seats are of good quality, only drawback is that seat cushion is quite short for a tall person with long legs and the screen is slightly far away from the seat. Movie offering is very extended with quite some recent movies in different languages. (A380 is more comfortable). Seats 41A & B are best, avoid 41C which passenger was hit all the time by transiting galleys As usual Changi airport is fabulous airport even with a transit time of 4 hours with next connection: gardens, swimming pool, butterfly and movie area is unique, European airports should learn and copy.
  Aircraft was very outdated. Inflight entertainment audio was out of sync with the screen.  I order a diabetic meal and the meals I was due on this flight never came with a drink until the main service was undertaken. The last meal I was asked if I wanted tea or coffee; I replied water and it never arrived. Others were at least 40 minutes after I had finished my meal. 
 Service and airline were excellent. I’ve flown with most international airlines and Singapore Airlines is easily the best. They looked after us during the entire flight. Easy check in process etc. Flew London to Singapore to Melbourne in economy class.
 Another great flight from Singapore to London. Me and my wife were sat in the upper economy deck which was great! The seats were really comfortable and the service was just as good as my last trip. The food was really good and a great selection of films. I’m so glad I’ve booked with Singapore Airlines for my next long haul trip.
  Sydney to London via Singapore. The seats in business class are awkward, to use the lie flat seat it is necessary to lie at an angle, and because of this it feels cramped. We left Sydney at 7.05 in the evening, and had the on board meal at approximately 8.00 pm, there was a choice and it was perfectly adequate. The flight to Singapore takes 7.15 hrs, there was a 1 hour change over of planes. After take off we were offered dinner again, which having already had an evening meal I passed. The flight to London from Singapore takes 14 hrs 35 mins. Breakfast is not available until 2 hrs before landing. It was served very late. I think the stewards should be aware of passengers who have been on the flights for 22-23 hrs, and be prepared to offer breakfast much earlier. We will not be travelling Singapore airlines again.
  San Francisco to Bangalore via Singapore. I have been flying Singapore Airlines for the past thirty years. I have noticed a visible degradation in the quality of service over the years.  Ever since the introduction of the Premium Economy class, the quality of the service in the economy class has declined. The flight attendants go about their tasks mechanically, with little or no interaction with passengers. The food is mostly inedible. During my most recent flight, I opted for the Dim Sum breakfast between Hong Kong and San Francisco. The soggy, mushy items had no resemblance to Dim Sum items I have had anywhere. While US airlines such as Delta and United have vastly improved service for economy travelers, Singapore appears to be goading their economy passengers to upgrade to the significantly more expensive Premium Economy class. However, it is very hard for me to justify spending an additional $1000 just to get two upgraded meals and a slightly larger TV screen.
  Frankfurt to Singapore. The flight attendants are some of the nit-pickiest I've ever seen. My crime was sleeping during the pre-flight video. The experience was no better than average. The food wasn't special, the premium economy seat was a premium economy seat. It got worse on the way back when we stopped at the Star Gold lounge to discover what is the worse Gold lounge I've ever been to. It felt more like a private waiting area than a lounge, it doesn't even have its own bathrooms. Singapore is doing the bare minimum to provide the benefits as part of Star Alliance.  Lufthansa gained a star - maybe Singapore needs to lose one.
 Flew Singapore Airlines from Singapore to Bandar Seri Begawan. As usual, excellent service onboard. Very professional service crew and very courteous and helpful. Saw many of them helping passengers with their requests such as blankets, baggage, newspapers. The food is also good and sufficient. The choice of movies were great though I wished the plane was equipped with the newer wider screens.
 First time flying on the A350 and it makes the flight from Munich to Singapore considerably more comfortable than on the 777. As usual Singapore Airlines staff were friendly and professional, as we were traveling with a toddler, we were invited to board first and get ourselves settled. Stewardess came by to check if we needed anything for our daughter and if we would like our meals at different times. Seats were comfortable, row 41, which has the advantage of lots of leg room but has fixed armrests which hems you in a bit. There is an extensive selection of movies which will keep most people entertained for a flight longer than the 11 hours we had. SQ is saving money a bit with the food portions getting smaller but flavour and quality were still there. A350 is quiet and the lower cabin preasure is noticeable in that you arrived refreshed even after the long flight, I even managed a few hours sleep. Flight departed a bit late but arrived 30 min ahead of schedule. Once again Singapore Airlines is a great way to fly.
 Johannesburg to Shanghai via Singapore. I always travel business class (though first time on SIA fleet) and conclude that Singapore Airlines is the best. The aircraft are up to date and so are the facilities. Neat, clean and comfortable. But, it is the staff that take the airline to the next level - courteous, friendly, helpful and efficient especially the cabin crew on flights SQ 479, JHB to Singapore, 10 Feb and SQ 478, Shanghai to Singapore, 28 Feb 2018.
  Melbourne to Singapore leg flown on Boeing 777 with outdated cabin.  Seat was hard and thin, food  of average quality. Cabin staff spoke quietly. Return flight was on a Boeing 777 with newer cabin. Seats were excellent, they fold down from the back so the bed is on the back of the seat. A bit of fussing around to set it up but super comfortable and very wide. But it needs to be wide as someone 181cm tall still needs to lie on an angle, as the foot cubby-hole is not in line with the seat centre-line. 
 Flew London Heathrow to Singapore. First time I have flown with Singapore Airlines and it was an eye opener. The staff are actually genuinely friendly and the service and products are excellent. Lots of legroom, great entertainment and really good food and drinks. During the flight they kept coming round with more drinks and more food offerings. Great flight and will fly with them again.
  Singapore to Jakarta. Another short haul and nothing to complain about services and foods. It  meets a standard of 5 star airlines (whether the aircraft is old), combining a with very nice airport at Changi. My favourite as always, nice job Singapore Airlines.
 Flew Perth to Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Check in was quick and smooth. The boarding was orderly and the crew greeted the passengers with a smile. Found a pillow and blanket on my seat. The seat and leg room was average. No footrests but liked the flexible adjustable headrests. Flight left only a few minutes late from the scheduled take off. Shortly after take off the crew came out with hot towels, snacks, drinks and food menu. There were enough alcoholic drinks to choose from. I got myself a Tiger beer but I had to ask for second beer, would have preferred if the crew had offered. Food was fresh and tasted great, didn't taste like airline food at all. There was salmon with coleslaw, crackers and cheese, bread roll and butter along with 2 choices of main course. My Asian beef curry was delicious. For dessert we had fresh fruit salad and gelato. The best meal I have had on a flight and this was all in economy class. The let down was the IFE. The screens were small and had poor resolution, no touchscreen either. The headphone jack was fiddly, I was using my personal headphones but occasionally I would lose sound in either left or right channel. I watched Dunkirk (2017), which was good. On arrival the luggage arrived quickly and without any damage. Overall a good flight but was disappointed with IFE. The ticket was also expensive compared with other airlines.
  San Francisco to Singapore. My wife and I were planning a vacation to SE Asia, so I bought round-trip tickets between San Francisco and Singapore on the Singapore Airlines web site. The next day I was looking for tickets to Siem Reap for a side trip to Angkor Wat when I discovered on Travelocity that Silk Air had the best flights, and that Silk Air was a part of Singapore Airlines. Singapore Airlines website did not make this clear at all. So I called Singapore Airlines to add these Silk Air flights to my booking. Imagine my surprise and disbelief when I was told I had to pay a $500 penalty because this ‘change’ came two hours after their 24 hour change deadline. I talked to two of their supervisors, but they also insisted on this penalty. It did not matter that Silk Air was hidden deep within Singapore Airlines website. It did not matter that I was adding Singapore Airline flights to my itinerary. It did not matter that I was only 2 hours past their 24 hour ‘deadline’ Since my Singapore Airlines flights were non-refundable I had no choice but to pay the $500 penalty. Just booking the Silk Air flights separately would have cost me an extra $690. In a situation that clearly called for a little flexibility and compromise Singapore Airlines showed none. For that reason they have earned my lowest rating.
  Jakarta to Singapore. This time I took an economy class since the flight was short haul. As always they’re really good from ground handling until services during the flight. Nothing to say again about this airline since I only choose them and SilkAir for Southeast Asia’s destination.
  Kuala Lumpur to Singapore. It’s still good and worthy for 45mins flight. They couldn’t serve meal but it’s acceptable since the flight is very short and the drink was quite good and definitely choose SIA again and there’s no regret at all for this very short trip. Thanks SIA.
 Flew Singapore Airlines from Jakarta to Singapore. Good short haul with free airport lounge access in CGK. Everything’s good and no regrets at all. Good Ground Services and nice Flight Attendant. For me it’s a real 5 star airline for Southeast Asia. SIA always know how to treat a loyal customer, love it!
  Singapore to Brisbane. A great example of how business class should be done. Practically a brand new aircraft which features the latest Singapore business seats. The 1-2-1 configuration is perfect for privacy and easy aisle access. In my opinion, the hard product that Singapore offers, as well as the crew is what makes them stand out from the rest. The seat and entertainment system are great - and the seat converts to a reasonably comfortable bed. For a bit of extra room, I'd recommend the first row (Row 11) of business as there is a bit more leg space. Food was good and as I had ordered book the cook, my choice was already taken care of and served promptly after takeoff. Wine selection was good and my glass was never empty. The A350 features inflight wifi and Singapore now offers 30Mb for free to business class passengers which worked well for me and provided just enough to check emails a few times during the flight. The standout was the exceptional level of service provided by the crew. Business class was fairly empty (only 10 seats occupied on this flight), but as it was an overnight flight, it would have been very easy for the crew to disappear. However, the service was constant without being "in your face." A great experience with Singapore, and the A350 certainly makes travel very pleasant.
  Coimbatore to Melbourne via Singapore. I travelled with my 16 month old baby and SIA did not offer me a bassinet seat although I had requested for it before hand. They said that they have children younger than mine who needed it. I understand that but they should have offered me a spare seat or upgraded me to business class. I had to travel from Singapore to Melbourne with not enough leg room. On top of it the cabin crew didn't bother to provide any food for the baby. They didn't offer me an infant seat belt (I had to insist on one). Singapore airlines is not cheap and we pay the extra money for a comfortable travel. I have been flying Singapore airlines for the past 10 years and this has been the worst travel ever. 
 Flew Singapore Airlines from Singapore to Auckland. Disappointed firstly we were only given one glass of champagne, not duplicates as advertised. Secondly we chose meals via Book the Chef and we had finished our meals before we were offered wine and then only a small glass supplied. We were offered no snacks and the curtain was drawn very quickly and passengers were quickly sent to the rear of the aircraft if they entered the curtain wall. This was in complete contrast to the flight from London to Singapore which was superb. We were offered champagne top up and crew could not be more helpful. Hope it improves on the return!
  A380 from Singapore to Sydney. Aircraft was up to standard and leg room was adequate. Dinner was acceptable , breakfast was a let down as a muffin can hardly pass as a continental breakfast as the menu suggested. The strong point of the airline remains with the cabin crew who were extremely attentive and efficient right throughout.
  Sydney to Singapore with the A380-800 was a pleasant experience.  Aircraft is fully equipped with the right entertainment and facilities for a long haul flight. The strong point of the airline remains with the cabin crew who did an efficient and friendly job managing the cabin. The catering however, was a major let down as there was no International option and the breakfast was merely a muffin, which is a pathetic excuse for what is marketed as a ‘continental breakfast’. Ground staff at both ends were remarkable.
 We flew the 1250 flight from Singapore to London Heathrow. Push back on time but queuing on the taxiway for take off for another 25 mins before take off. The economy cabin was probably 60% full so we had 3 seats between the two of us. A few lucky travellers had 3 seats each so could get some reasonably comfortable sleep. The plane was clean. The set back TVs in excellent condition. The cabin temperature was just right too. Cabin crew very attentive and regularly came through the cabin with juices or water. The two meals were tasty as were the mid flight snacks of meat rolls, crisps and chocolate. As ecomony goes this has got to be one of the best offerings for long haul. However I would say that when the seat in front is reclined it is very intrusive into your personal space and makes watching your own TV screen uncomfortable. The only answers then for you too to recline your seat. If only everyone would just keep their seats upright! The outbound trip 3 weeks earlier was equally as comfortable. 5 stars all round!
 London to Bangkok via Singapore. I dont know why Singapore Airlines chose a seat which needs a crew member to set it up before sleeping. If you want to recline the crew member again has to disable the sleep position. Sleeping at a angular position is not comfortable. Apart from this the crew were very attentive, caring and the quality of AVML was very good.
 Singapore-Jakarta-Singapore in January. It's been 10 years since I flew Singapore Airlines and boy they've gone downhill since. Cabin service on both legs was really indifferent, especially on my evening flight back from Jakarta. Flown on many other airlines before but none except SQ offered me just "coffee and tea" during the meal service. Had to wait for another cabin attendant to pass by before I could get anything other than a hot drink. To a more discerning traveller it suggests cost cutting which is not cool. Inflight entertainment was mixed. Flight to Jakarta had one of the newest systems on the A350 but back home I was surprised to discover how far SQ is behind. No touch screen for the A330s in economy! Ground service was also a mixed bag - good in Singapore but underwhelming in Jakarta where my flight was delayed for almost an hour. No announcement and no apology until we we were all aboard. Can't fault their catering, which to my surprise was very good. Also, SQ android app is probably one of the best I've used and had no problem checking in for my flight on a phone. But my final verdict is that while SQ is not awful it's not that great or special either. Needs to improve a lot to catch up with airlines such as EVA and Turkish which I think are among the best these days.
 Flew Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita with Singapore Airlines. Pleasant Crew, food OK. Nice menu and small amenity kit. The crew seemed very nice and polite but a little robotic. No personalities. The food was ok, seats great because it’s still 9 across in Economy. Many other airlines are 10 across. Impossible to sleep due to the fact that the seat belt sign was turned on and off every 20 minutes and the captain and crew made really loud PAs. Now I understand that it’s a safety issue. Almost all other airlines have a faster seat belt message come up on your screen. By the 4th OA at 4 am I was ready to lose my cool. Also like other rules I’ve never experienced before with competing carries. I was told that because I was at the bulkhead, if there was turbulence I’d have to restore my back. I thought that’s no going to happen. So all in all a nice airline but a lot of hype.
  Manchester to Houston. Some hostesses were very brusque and at odds to the image this company likes to portray. On the return trip in particular, the cabin was only 1/4 full and the service was very rushed. There should be no reason for this on a 8.5 hour flight with a full complement of staff. There were a few ambitious types who tried to look like they were in charge of the others but I guess you get that sort everywhere. No individual air vents.
  Chennai to Los Angeles via Singapore. I have been flying this route on Singapore Airlines for about 30 years. Although the overall level of service is good there has been a decline in passenger facilities and comfort. Their Business class lounge in Chennai is a joke with about 20 seats in a small enclosure resembling a neglected warehouse. The seats on the Singapore - Los Angeles segment are flat beds but they are difficult to operate. Most people needed assistance from the flight attendants to switch between the flat bed and regular seating positions. Meals are ok but nothing great. The in flight entertainment is below average. There is the annoying halt for just over an hour in Tokyo where all passengers have to disembark and go through security before re-boarding the aircraft. Overall Singapore Airlines will no longer be my first choice carrier unless they attend to these issues.
  Guangzhou to Singapore with A330 aircraft. The timing of flight SQ851 is good for the people departing from Guangzhou and arrive in Singapore. The cabin crew are nice and some of them even could speak Cantonese. But due to an old aircraft the seat is not comfortable and the inflight entertainment system is no work for my seat.
  Singapore to Guangzhou. The boarding gate in Terminal 3 A20, so far away. Cabin crew are nice and one of them is from Chinese. They offered supper and several types of drinks including welcome drink. But the aircraft is old and the seat is not comfortable, the ear phone is not work even I change for 3 times.
  
Singapore to Tokyo Narita.  Premium Economy Class Seats: Wider and well-cushioned. However, we were disappointed with quality. The buttons for recline and the foot rest was not working well. We actually had to force the foot rest out. This certainly isn't expected for Singapore Airlines (ANA on the contrary had everything in tip top condition). Entertainment: One of the airlines with the most decent entertainment. However, my headset was faulty. It was replaced but again, not expected. It should have been checked. Food: I used "Book the Cook'. I expected the food to be better but found it so-so. Cabin crew took a really long time to clear the food. When I tried to return it, I was flatly rejected, the crew told me to wait. The entire process from start to end took 2 hours! It was crazy! SQ 633 was way much more efficient. Crew was pretty cheerful and the crew made the effort to confirm our meals with us before they took off. They surprised us with an anniversary cake as well. We like the customer engagement they provided. SQ 12 on the other hand appeared grouchy and unhappy to me - no confirmation on the food was made and they took so long to finish the meal service. Premium Economy has a cabin on its own. However, on both flights, the curtains were not drawn. We had passengers from Economy trying to sneak into the Premium Economy seats or use the toilets in Business Class. There were also kids (in Economy class) walking to and fro the Premium Economy cabins. This should have been controlled as my husband was trying to do some work on the plane and I was trying to rest but could not. While I try to be understanding on young children in the plane, it is definitely awful to have a child crying/screaming for 6 hours on a 7 hours flight. What made it worse was that seats with bassinets in the Economy class were directly behind the Premium Economy class. Overall, we were not very impressed with the quality of Premium Economy Class. Singapore Airlines have always been expected to be premium (along the lines with ANA/Qatar/Emirates). For the amount of money spent, I would very much go for ANA.
  Frankfurt to Singapore, Business Class. I got an email early morning on 9 January to notify me that the flight  was to be delayed by 2 hours. As I was connecting with Air New Zealand at Singapore onwards to Auckland with a short connection time, I thought the chance of catching the connecting flight to Auckland was going to be impossible. That proved correct. Prior to arriving at the airport, I rung both SQ and Air New Zealand. Both airlines claimed it was each other’s responsibility. In short, SQ was to blame for the disruption, so it was their responsibility to put things right. When we were due to board at Frankfurt, the A380 was not at the terminal, it was at a distant part of the airport so we were bussed to the plane which seemed to be miles away. When we finally arrived at the plane, we had to climb a set of steep stairs to enter the plane. Considering the delayed flight and the inconvenience we had been through, the greeting from the staff was very ho-hum. The crew seemed to be grumpy during this flight. The poor guy in front of me had a seat adjacent to the galley door way. He asked to be reseated somewhere else in the business section. The stewardess’s response was, sorry, we are fully booked. This wasn’t the case as there was a vacant seat behind me. The meals were very Asian, with a lot of seafood options, in some cases I chose to forego the course as there was just nothing I liked. I would recommend SQ’s “book the cook” option. There are far more options available using this than SQ offers on the flight. Come time to sleep, my bed was broken. It lay flat ok, its just that when I put my weight on the bed the feet end of the bed couldn’t sustain the weight and my feet would go right through to the floor. I slept, but it wasn’t great. I wasn’t the only one to complain of this problem. When the flight arrived in Singapore there were a team of SQ agents waiting for arriving passengers whose connecting flights were affected by the delay. In all fairness, SQ did handle this very well, they provided a 4 star airport hotel for 12 hours along with 3 meals. The journey on to New Zealand continued with SQ and I can basically say, I saw a repeat of the service issues I had on the Frankfurt/Singapore flight. I can’t recommend SQ and probably won’t chose to fly with them again.
  Tokyo to Los Angeles. Cabin was clean and with decent space for knee room for a 5'3 female. Complimentary 2 bag check in which was nice. Amenity kit provided complimentary containing tooth brush, paste, and socks. No slippers or eye mask as other airlines. Bathroom needed to be better maintained as waste bin was full by hour 4 out of 12 hour flight, soaps in disarray and bathroom prep tray (mouth wash etc). Special meal service was kind although a bit disappointing as you do not decide what meal you would like to eat but it is already prepared generic “western style” of whatever meal selection chosen. I would’ve loved to pick my meal with the changes applied, especially knowing tickets were booked ahead enough. Food was decent, but often the crew would overlook my seat and miss out several beverage//snack passes due to special needs. This was not at all an issue flying USA to Japan. But an issue on this flight. Main complaint is how crew could’ve done better to handle special requests with passengers. I booked and had a seat arranged, by surprise there were no shows in my row. Instead of privately making me aware of any request, an attendant publicly asked for my seating reassignment so that I may switch places with another passenger so that they my lie across the row with their bad knee. I’m partially deaf in one ear and spinal braced. Instead of privately requesting in writing, the crew member and requesting passenger makes a scene for me to move because I am unable to hear. So speaking louder while in flight should be better. There should be a better way for flight crew to handle those with special needs such as mute, deafness, and hidden disabilities instead of causing a scene or skipping passengers who cannot speak. Be like other airlines that have crew member buttons on the seat panels such where passengers can press for assistance or communicate needs.
  Istanbul to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore. Excellent service, all flights on time, leg space much better than some airlines. Very friendly cabin crew, good choice of meals, planes clean. I can recommend.
 We traveled in Premium Economy on the Rome to Singapore route, our judgment is very good, more space and the recline higher than the classic Economy, I managed to sleep which I usually can never do in flight. Wine given for the flight and a small Amenity kit containing a toothbrush and socks with a clutch. The flight attendants were very kind, during the flight snacks, drinks and food are constantly served. The onboard entertainment is complete with films in Italian and many TV series, documentaries and music to choose from, in the Premium class you have a 'Priority' service from the baggage to the boarding.
 Flew Singapore Airlines from Perth to Singapore. Terrible customer service and substandard conditions. Seat was "wet" departing Perth. Notified flight attendant and sat on blanket. Five hours later on descent, senior flight attendant came and said, "sorry about that". Attitude was indifferent and no effort was made to recover the situation. They're supposed to be known for their excellent customer service, it went missing!
  Delhi to Singapore. Smooth check in at New Delhi airport where they do also weigh your hand carry; something I did not see at Changi. Boarding procedures were seamless. The dated seat on the 772 was quite comfortable although there was no USB port to charge smartphones. Beautiful celebratory wreaths decorated the cabin walls. Singapore Airlines give big, fluffy pillows and blankets in economy class. You can select newspapers and headphones while boarding. Hot towels and menus were served.  Singapore Airlines service standards are stellar. IFE on board differed on the 777 and A380. Screens unfortunately were not that clear or clean on both aircraft. The vegetarian oriental meals I ordered on both flights were super. Crew provide refreshments and the cabin presence on board was beyond any other airline in economy class I have flown. 
 Business class from Haneda to Singapore. The airline had the old cabin product, and it really shows. The panel which supposed to cover the compartment to store smaller items near the screen was missing, and the steward explained that only the engineering people can fix this. The seat was wide, however the awkward shape of the leg area makes it very hard to be comfortable, as we had to sleep diagonally (the new cabin product as we see online removed this problem). First class seats did not have this issue. Sleeper service (our flight departed at 10.50 pm) means that supper was only two course (instead of the three courses with Satay) - which was main meal and a bowl of fruit. Inflight entertainment offered the latest movies, however the screen was quite old and we noticed some scratches on the screen. Service was exceptional trademark of Singapore Airlines. I would recommend this airline despite the old product still.
  Singapore to San Francisco. I just wish to thank the crew of this flight. Their attentiveness to passengers were impressive especially the attendant looking after my area (seat # 50s). I sat on the aisle side of a middle row seats. The person sitting next to me, in the middle seat, inquired for an aisle seat and was informed of this availability just a few rows back. He probably didn't act fast enough, somehow he stayed put. I didn't feel like eating & kept the dessert (amazingly the attendant noticed, asked if the food didn't meet my standard and if she could offer me something else. Wow! What airline does this!). I decided to sleep through the long flight. Feeling cold, I tucked myself in with blankets. The middle seat person apparently had to exit his seat numerous times. Instead of exiting from his right, where a gentleman was seated,who was not sleeping, was not working, was not tucked in, nor was he sleeping, he decided to pass through my seat. Each time, I had to re-tucked myself in. At one point, he dropped my dessert and spilled my left over white wine over me. Again the crew came to action, even brought her personal parfum spritzer so as to alleviate the wine smell on me. Singapore Airlines, I know you have a great team but the one looking after my area outdid everyone else on flight SQ31 from Singapore to SFO. Thank you!
  Bangkok to Singapore. This sector was the second sector of my flight back from Vienna, the VIE-BKK sector being on Austrian Airlines. As a short 2-hour regional flight, SQ still lives up to its reputation of being a premium airline. Shortly after take-off, dinner service commenced with a choice of 2 main courses. Being a short flight, menu cards were not distributed to passengers. Instead, flight attendants showed passengers a menu card with photos of the main courses and descriptions of the meal. I had the chicken casserole with penne pasta. Drinks and coffee or tea were served at the same time. As it was a short flight, I did not watch any movies on the IFE. One difference that I noticed was that earphones distributed were of the in-ear type instead of the over-ear type typically used by SQ. Perhaps in a move to save costs, headphones in economy are no longer of the over-ear type? I can’t confirm this as it has been some years since I have flown SQ economy.
  Surabaya to Singapore, check in was fast. Service started with a hot towel before departure. We took off on time and for the meal I chose chicken. I watched the IFE which had a lot of options. All in all the experience was good.
  Kuala Lumpur to Zürich via Singapore. This was our first trip with our baby girl (6 months old). Sadly, as we landed in Singapore from Kuala Lumpur for Transit to Zurich, our baby had high fever. After checking in the clinic at T3 of Changi Airport, it was clear we couldn't continue our route. Instead, our baby had to go to a Hospital in Singapore. Ground staff assistance was great, Both the employees of Changi Airport as well Singapore Airlines helped us in every aspect. They unloaded and stored our luggage, helped us with immigration and the transport to the hospital. Our baby was admitted in the Hospital. During those days, we had steady contact with SIA. They rebooked our flight 2 times (as the doctors couldn't say for sure when our baby will be discharged) with no extra charge and being very supportive. As i understood, our price saver tickets gave them no obligation to do this for free - but to our great relief they did. They really gave us help and support in this hard time for us, showing us that even in todays world there is place for compassion. That there are times when paragraphs and formal rules are less important than the care for people in need and worry. We like to thank all the involved people from SIA and Changi Airport - you helped us when we needed it the most. Once our baby was healthy again and could be discharged, SIA helped us with our luggage and checkin in, making sure it all goes smooth. We had our bassinet seat, the flight in the A380 was good as can be with a baby. Onboard staff was attentive and supportive, food was OK.
  Surabaya to Melbourne via Singapore. I arrived at Surabaya airport T2 a little bit early and luckily the check in counter was open, the check in experience was fast and smooth, and I was granted a window seat. We boarded the A330-300 on time and took off on time. Lunch service started and I was amazed how they serve a hot meal on a 2 hour flight. This time the options were lasagna or chicken with rice, I chose the chicken with rice and it was amazing. Most cabin crew could speak Bahasa. 6 days later I arrived at Singapore Changi T3 very early, the check was all automatic even the baggage drop. Singapore Changi is one of my favourite airports so waiting for 5 hours wasn't a problem, to kill some time we went to the butterfly garden and after that the cinema which was playing some pretty good movies. I got a window seat on this flight. We took off on time and dinner service was good. I started to watch the IFE, had a good sleep after that and woke up for breakfast. I highly recommend flying Singapore Airlines.
 Brisbane to London via Singapore. The attentive crew made flying long haul by economy into a lovely experience. From Brisbane, the B777-200er plane was a bit dated, noisy and the seats were comparatively hard. Some seats have IFE boxes taking up some foot space, and the entertainment selection is more limited than the newer planes (e.g. No full box sets). However the crew service with hot towels, amenities packs and attention to detail more than made up for it. The first leg was late departing Brisbane, but without even having to ask, the staff on the ground assured us by announcement that we would make up time en route and sure enough, we did, even arriving early into Changi. This was a relief for me as I only had a 50 minute connection time. The plane change at Changi was easy and seamless. The second leg was on the B77-300er. I found this plane less quiet than the A380 alternative on this leg, but still very comfortable. The ambient lighting and temperature were pleasant. The crew kept the cabin spotless, regularly removing rubbish and cleaning the toilets. They also kept a close eye on the cabin at night, regularly offering drinks and snacks to those awake without having to be asked. The gracious crew go the extra mile to make a long journey special. Having flown this journey with most carriers, I will be a loyal Singapore Airlines customer.
 Hong Kong to Perth via Singapore. Absolute disgrace. Randomly selected seats for my family all over the aircraft. Last flew with this airline a couple of years ago and it was brilliant. It seems poor now. Entertainment onboard was busted. I travel regularly and would seriously say that even a budget airline is better than Singapore Airlines. Do yourself a favour and give this airline a wide berth.
  Sydney to London via Singapore. First time I've flown with this airline since 1991, and I couldn't fault the flights at all. I'm reasonably tall (5'8") with long legs, but I had plenty of seat room. Service was exemplary, and I liked the extra touches of menus and the little convenience bag, containing socks, toothpaste and toothbrush, and an eyeshade. Food was pretty good, and the entertainment choices excellent. Despite a tight connection in Singapore (50 minutes) I still had plenty of time to catch my connecting flight. I wouldn't hesitate to fly Singapore Airlines again.
  Delhi to Sydney via Singapore. The first leg from Delhi was with Jet Airways (to be followed by the Sydney leg with Qantas). The Jet Airways flight was half an hour late and it was obviously decided before we landed that we would not be allowed to board the ongoing leg, as we were collected and ushered to get new boarding passes for a much later flight. We were then offered a flight only 3.5 hours later with Singapore Airlines and the staff at Singapore Airport completed all the documentation, including the transferring of our bags. But all our bags have gone missing and did not turn up in Sydney. I realise that they are still in "tracking" mode, however we are desperate to get them back before Christmas. We have tried all day calling Singapore Airlines, but they do not answer.
  Singapore to Bangkok return. Staff are friendly and helpful. However on this flight, service seems rushed. It felt that they were rushing to complete many tasks. Although it didn't affect me, their stress didn't give me a very relaxed feel. Knowing that this a short flight, I can understand why they were rushing to complete tasks. If they can mask that stress, that will be perfect.  This was an older aircraft so the entertainment system was a bit dated. It didn't bother me much as I had my own book to keep me occupied on the journey. Overall, it was a good flight.
 London to Perth via Singapore. I was expecting so much more. Not just the reviews but the additional cost of premium. The first leg to Singapore was poor. The air crew are fully engaged with economy and consequently are not seen. The second leg was so much better due to the air crews attitude and attention. Ironically the second leg was economy. Certainly on the first leg premium on the 777-300 I do not feel the seat justifies the significant increase in cost. The majority of passengers around me had been upgraded from economy. The economy seat on the second leg near the exit was just as comfortable so unless you are flying business I would suggest econony seat near the exit. Maybe the A380 is better premium but not the 777-300
  Sydney to New Delhi via Singapore. The food (IVML) served on my flight from Sydney to Singapore was horrible.  I complained to the cabin crew staff and was not offered a replacement so went without food. The food on Singapore to Delhi flight was also below average. I previously always had an above average experience with SIA but looks like they are cutting costs. I pay a premium to fly with SIA and expect services of acceptable standards. Will not fly with them in future.
  München to Singapore. Great A350 aircraft, everything very clean, extra clean restrooms with some extras, Great Entertainment programme, good food and real forks, wet towels for refreshing while waiting on a meal. Very helpful and professional staff. Cool uniforms, big Choice of onboard shopping. The best airline I've flown.
  Singapore to Hong Kong. The cabin crew in general was warm, and tended to our needs promptly throughout the flight. However the Boeing 777-200ER, is one of the more antiquated aircraft in SQ's fleet and it is in desperate need of a makeover - for one, the IFE looked like something that came from the 1990s or the early 2000s, and the IFE was not very responsive, and ended up jamming up 1hr before landing in Hong Kong. If that was not bad enough, my friend who was seated next to me(seat 45B) suffered from less legroom than other economy class passengers due to the IFE box that was under the seat in front of his. However, the service from the flight attendants was outstanding-no surprises as to why SQ can consistently rank as one of the top airlines. On the return flight, the equipment was the same; however, the aircraft came in late, and departure was delayed by 15 minutes! On top of that, after boarding we could not push back due to "traffic congestion" and ended up taking off 1 hour behind schedule! Hardware wise, still the same experience as the outbound flight; however, the cabin crew was just as warm, polite and made us feel welcomed on board and attended to our every need promptly-again, top marks for that. All in all, a pleasant flight experience with Singapore Airlines and given the price, would definitely choose them again
  Singapore to Denpasar. A highly motivated crew made this short flight an unforgettable experience. They spoiled us from entering the cabin until we left the cabin. The pre-ordered over "Book the Cook" "Grilled American beef fillet" was a delight. The selection of drinks was very good. Each passenger received a small bag of useful travel items as a gift. 
 Melbourne to Jakarta via Singapore. We arrived at Melbourne Airport 1 hour early not expecting the check-in to be open, the check-in counter was open and had no line. I requested a window seat and was lucky to get one in the front cabin, we were also told our flight might be full. We boarded the A380 with nice welcoming smile. Our seat had a blanket, pillow, IFE, coat hook and USB, we took off on time and once we were in the air, we were handed out the amenities kit which included socks, eye-mask and toothbrush. Food service started and the options were Turkey or Chicken sandwich, the man next to me did not want to eat but the crew insisted, I chose the Turkey sandwich and, it was amazing, my drink choice was coke, then I fell asleep. I woke up just in time for breakfast and the options were rice vermicelli or omelette. I chose the rice vermicelli which was OK, I had orange juice for my drink. We had a smooth landing in Singapore Changi T2 and had 30 minutes before boarding the flight to Jakarta. We just made our flight and I was given a window seat, I asked for a glass of water because I had run across the terminal and staff happily said yes and gave it to me with an ice cube, great start. We took off on time and the lunch service started straight away, I chose Nasi Goreng instead of omelette, the fried rice was the best plane food I had ever eaten, I had apple juice as my drink. Excellent customer service.
 You can hardly beat the master and Singapore Airlines is one big master. First, the crew are professional, very kind and helpful. Secondly, the seating is very generous in terms of comfort and space. The business class on a Airbus 350 could compete with some first classes on other airlines or older airplanes. The entertainment on board is up to date and there is plenty of choice for those who can not sleep during long flights. Food is excellent, staff are nice. It's worth it.
  Singapore to San Francisco via Hong Kong. Worst flight ever. I paid for an extra legroom seat 41c. This seat is supposedly bulkhead but it isn't. This is an isle seat which has the isle for the cabin directly in front of it. This means that the food trolley has to make a 45 degree turn into your cabin thereby making you move or be hit by the trolley every time. In fact they slammed the trolley into the arm of my chair every pass. You can only sleep if you encroach into the middle seat and cross your legs which we all know is a health hazard. The crew just grinned each time I was jarred awake. Only once did they say sorry. I complained and the airline said sorry it hasn't been an issue before. Most airline these days have a good movie selection, not this one. Food was awful. Glad we had our own water as they hardly bring any around. I know this is a long flight but the crew were terrible.
 I was seated in the front row of Premium Economy on Singapore Airlines A380 service from Auckland to Singapore. Being the first row, it has extra leg space. The PE seat is upholstered in leather and had a good recline. AC socket, USB port were available in each seat. For each of the two meals served on this route, there was a choice of 3 main courses on the menu. During the 10 hour flight, flight attendants came around often to offer drinks at regular intervals. In between meals, there was a snack service with a choice of fruits, sandwiches and chips. The selection of movies and music for inflight entertainment is extensive and probably one of the best if not the best. Noise cancelling headphones are provided for best acoustic effect. As always, Singapore Airlines maintains a high level of inflight service and this flight is no different.
  Houston to Kuala Lumpur via Manchester and Singapore. I found the flight excellent. One problem which was outside Singapore Airlines' control was we had to have a security check at Manchester which took for ages. I will fly Singapore airlines whenever I have a chance.
  London Heathrow to Hong Kong return via Singapore. 3 x A380, 1 x Boeing 777-300. Lower deck on the first flight with a spare seat next to me so very comfortable. The 777 was a full flight but a short one so not a problem. HKG to SIN upper deck 2 seats comfortable. SIN to LHR we were moved from downstairs to 2 seats at the very back. Upstairs is quieter but it was very cold requiring two blankets. The meals were mostly not to my taste as they were spicy but the wonderful cabin crew tried their best to find me an alternative. They even found me a dessert that was not ice-cream for which I was very grateful. Regular drinks rounds and snacks on offer. The toilets were kept clean. The soft furnishings are starting to look shabby and I don't see the point of the footrests but those are the only negatives. Four safe flights and luggage arrived too so a very positive experience.
  Singapore to Zurich in May 2014 at 01.20am. Not really the time to everybody embarking a plane. Even though cabin crew is professional and friendly with a smile. This time we got a seat near the lavatories, it was surprisingly quiet. My online preordered special meal was delicious. The inflight entertainment needed an urgent upgrade in 2014. Even the flightpath has seen its better years.
  Zürich to Singapore in March 2013. As I do my booking pretty early I'm often able to reserve a seat in the wing area. So that's 40+. Therefore I board the plane late to avoid queuing. To my surprise all three seats were free and it remained like this. As I ordered previously my special meal online, I got it before actual service starts. This time a tenderloin absolutely tasty. Cabin crew as usual very aware, they're able to read your wishes from the eyes. Even a small talk is possible.
  Singapore to Zurich in May 2013. In April, to my knowledge, SQ 346 is very often packed and seat reservation might be difficult if you are two but on a different booking. On this particular flight I took a so called P seat which is next to the exit. Actually there is a lot of legroom left on the other side of the metal, there's permanently cold air coming up from the door. As often for a early morning flight 01.20am people are some of harshly due to sleep shortness. The cabin crew is very patient even if some become aggressive sometimes. 
  Flew Singapore to Bangkok. The flight SQ970 departing 07.15h is during weekdays always very busy as business people are traveling for a one day business trip to Bangkok. Obviously many are not able to book a business class seat due to limited availability. The cabin crew therefore during boarding were busy with those people handing over their jackets and luggage into a safe storage. Even here, all is done with a smile on and on. It is a short flight but I still feel the comfort and great hospitality of Singapore Airlines.
  Sydney to Singapore. I am disappointed with quality of service and staff attitude on my last flight SQ 252 on 10 November. I requested for a non vegetarian Hindu meal and was served Lamb. For some reason I don't understand my meal was served before other passengers and when I asked for another meal I was rudely told that it can only be served once all Passengers are served. I left extremely insulted and did not eat any meal on flight. 
  Zürich to Bangkok via Singapore. As usual very polite cabin crew. I became sick during the flight. They did everything possible to make my flight as comfortable as possible. I was asking/ordering on internet for special meal. Therefore I was served right at the beginning of menu supply. Food was as always very tasty.
  Singapore to Colombo in July 2017. The ground staff were quite rude and to wait at least an hour to check the bags in. The flight crew was also not the best and I found the food quite disappointing. Taking this airline because  not many other airlines are having journeys to Colombo.
  Customer service fail.  My wife and I had a booking for March 2018 to fly Canberra Australia to Wellington New Zealand, one way. This relates to customer service pre-flight, not comfort or service on a flight. Booking was no problem and great price. Our dates were not flexible due to other commitments. We received notification that our flight was cancelled (by the airline) and we had the option to accept an alternative (suggested flights nominated) or decline. Choosing decline gave a direction to call their help line. Called the number and despite stating our case several times that as there was no suitable alternative we would request refund we kept being offered alternative dates. Finally our request was understood (we were dealing with a human) and we were told that the operator did not have authority to action that request and our request would be forwarded to another area who would get back to us "soon". When asked for a timeframe we couldn't be given one. Now, I would expect that as this was the airline making the change, and, knowing that choosing decline would generate calls to the help line, a professional outfit would have provided that option for operators to action. But, no. It took a follow up email and then a second phone call to finally be advised that our request to cancel was actioned. When asked when we could expect a refund in our account we are told up to four weeks!! And, no advice of the amount to be actually refund, we have to wait for it to turn up before we can be sure full refund. Not good enough, and not what I would have expected from a full service airline that apparently prides itself on customer service. Thumbs down to Singapore Airlines.
  SQ 217 - Another smooth red eye flight on a fully loaded Airbus 380 flying from Melbourne to Jakarta via Singapore. Not sure whether there was a late night supper or not, because I took a nap as soon as we took off. Oh I should add, a very seamless boarding process, the gate was packed and I had feared for the worst but the ground staff promptly handled the process. The cabin crew were excellent as always. IFE was superb, passengers collected the headphones before entering the plane. They were of nice quality.
  SQ 237 - A very smooth red eye flight to Melbourne from Jakarta via Singapore. As soon as we departed Changi just before midnight, a late night snack was served but I skipped it and took a nap instead. I had a good four hour flight and woke up over the Northern Territory area to enjoy the inflight entertainment. The IFE selection was superb, very wide screen for economy class standard, plenty of choices on movies and TV shows and the quality of the headsets were decent. The flight attendants were very prompt and professional, I asked for several glasses of mineral water during coffee round, she took down the number of my seat and minutes later she returned with my request. Hot Breakfast was served before landing, I had some stir-fry noodles which looked unappetizing but tasted great. Unlike Qatar or Garuda, no basic amenities (eye shades, socks) were given. I would've given higher mark had they given us amenities pack.
  Singapore to Bangkok. Aircraft was in perfect condition and clean despite one lavatory being unserviceable. Both ground and cabin staff were coordinated both boarding and arrival was Done in a smooth flow. The food was perfectly prepared and was the best economy meal I had. I recommend SIA and hope to fly with them again soon.
 This is my second time flying with Singapore Airlines. It was such a great experience. At first I was a bit concerned because the layover was only an hour; I was afraid there would be any kind of delay that would potentially made me miss my connecting flight, but the flight was very punctual and we even arrived ahead of schedule. The cabin was clean with 3-3-3 arrangement, the legroom was spacious, the food was delicious, I really enjoyed having ice cream as dessert. The FAs were friendly and corteous. The only downside of the flight was the inflight entertainment system; the content was good enough with plenty of new movies but the hardware really fell behind. The screen was not a touchscreen, it was small, blurry and pixelated. I suggest other travelers to bring their own headphones like I did because the earphones were not comfortable. Over all it was a great flight and I would fly with them again
  Singapore to Christchurch. Singapore Airlines business class is second to none. The moment you enter the aircraft, you are greeted by name and the flight attendant takes your drink and dinner orders. I chose the Lobster Thermidor from Book the Cook. It was delicious. Business class is a fine dining experience by itself. You feel that you are being pampered by the very friendly and polite flight attendants. The seat converts to a full flat bed where you can have a good sleep. Instead of pressing a button, you have to flip over the seat back to convert it to bed mode but the good thing is that the bed is wider than other business class seats which deploy using a button. You have to sleep diagonally with your body angled such that your legs fit into the cubby hole under the seat in front. Overall, it was a wonderful experience on this 9 hour 30 minutes flight. SQ is still top notch when it comes to service delivery on board.
  Amsterdam to Singapore. This was a new A350 which was recently put in service. The seats were slightly narrower than the older business class seats; however in my opinion this does not decrease the comfort level. The seats were very comfortable and there were a lot of storage space for my belongings (to the point that we have to check every space before we leave the plane). The touch screen function is quite new from SQ and this made a lot of difference as older remotes can me quite tough to press as the plane ages. Service on the cabin was very good as usual; food was fantastic cabin crew were friendly and gracious. They were especially helpful towards by two parents, one with a wheelchair and the other less tech savvy with the entertainment system. Business class in SQ these days do not get much personal items given in the business class giveaway bag (compared to say LX and AY). However as this year was the 70th anniversary of SQ we were given a special leather bag.
  Singapore to London. Business class with my family for holiday. Daytime flight thus the service quality becomes very important as there were not much sleeping time. A380 has been in service for a while thus the seats are quite worn and despite the best maintenance it still shows, the buttons are tough to press and the inflight entertainment remote is also quite tough to be responsive; having said this they  have promised to revamp the seats soon. The seats are quite wide and when converted to a bed the upper part of the seats are wide and comfortable but the lower part where the feet lays are a bit narrow. Food was fantastic as we applied for book the cook facility. The satay was amazing and the subsequent courses did not fail to please my family. Inflight entertainment was very good but I would have loved a wider collection of not-so-recent movies. The cabin service is fantastic; cabin crew makes an effort to recognize us and even some recognized us on other flights where they were on with us on a later date.
  Singapore to Jakarta route 1-2 times a month for 8 years. Compared to the competition for the same route, Singapore Airlines provides the biggest plane (AF used to serve the same route with their big plane but this ceased 2 years ago) with Garuda only providing 2 big planes for this route/ day. The big plane factor here matters, as the smaller planes tend to be parked away from the terminal and thus the passenger has to take a bus to the main terminal. Bigger planes almost always gets the aerobridge and thus the disembarkation process is way faster. For this 1.5 hour flight Singapore Airlines provides a meal (and also their full-service competition) and the speed of service for the food is amazing. The selection of food is pretty good however the selection for special diets have to be made online in advance. No connectivity on the flight. Leg space is pretty good compared to their competition; however the price for this route is pretty high, can be as high as a price from SIN to NRT on low season, for example.
  Paris to Singapore, One of the lousiest flight I ever took! The seat was broken and the airline can’t find any replacement. The TV equipment at some of the aisle were also broken. I filed complaint but no feedback to date.
 Medium haul flight from Singapore to Bangkok. The plane was a rather dated B777. Nevertheless, the cabin was well maintained, and the seats were comfortable and offered sufficient legroom. The food was very tasty. However, I was most impressed with the service of the cabin staff. I was wearing a suit, and the flight attendant asked me whether he could put the suit jacket on a hanger, which has never happened to me with any other airline.
  Sydney to Singapore. I have to say the flight was in a very poor condition with Singapore Airlines. I was sitting on the upper level of the plan, and the interior is very dirty (marks  everywhere on the walls, handles, corners) and seat covers torn when I looked around. The entertainment system is a joke, I think may be back in at least 10 years you will see those airlines are using those system that you can't play the movie you chosen from the beginning and have to play them half way based on the entertainment system schedules. I was shocked to see any airline are still using those kind behind entertainment system, don't even mention it's Singapore Airlines, which will charge extra amount of money for nothing! The food was ok, typical airline foods. Service is good, but be honest I rarely see bad service in any airline, so I'd say it's standard. Overall, the aircraft in horribly poor condition as well as its entertainment system!
 Singapore Airlines is definitely one of the best. My flight from Singapore to Istanbul was punctual, the FAs were attentive and corteous, the seat was comfortable, the legroom was spacious, the food was delicious. The only downside was the IFE, the screen was small, blurry and not touchscreen, the earphones were not comfortable, for a long haul flight entertainment was an important aspect of the flight. I hope SQ put more attention to these small details
  Jakarta to Singapore. This was my first time flying with Singapore Airlines and I was impressed. The flight was on time, the cabin crew was friendly and courteous. The cabin was really clean. It was a short haul flight which only lasted for 1 hr 45 mnt but really enjoyable. The food was decent for a short haul flight. It has 3-3-3 seat arrangement which is great and the legroom was spacious. I wish they could improve more on the flight entertainment system because even though the movie selection was great and had many new titles the touch screen was not responsive and the earphones were not comfortable enough
  Singapore to Bangkok. Singapore Airlines provides a reliable and consistent service.  The flight attendants welcome passengers on board with smiles and are present to assist passengers to their seats and provide help with hand luggage, etc. There are 2 meal options and having flown this route over 5 times in the past 12 months, I have always managed to get the option of my choice. The entertainment options are wide and varied and the attendants present throughout the entire flight. The airline recently upgraded the earphones given out to passengers which passengers can bring home. Each earphone pack comes with 2 pairs of spare ear pieces of different sizes. This airline is definitely ahead of the curve and the challenge is to see how it maintains its lead during times where the industry is full of tough competitors without compromising on standards that its loyal customers have come to expect.
  Sydney to London via Singapore. The service by Singapore Airlines was amazing from start to finish. Check in staff were friendly and helpful. On both flights the cabin crew were attentive and friendly. Food was good and there was a reasonable amount of entertainment to watch on the large personal screens.
  Singapore to Paris. My husband and I chose Singapore Airlines for the first time to visit my brother who lives in Singapore. We thought it was one of the best company. Unfortunately, it has the worst customer service we’ve seen. Our return flight from Singapore to Paris was delayed by 3 hours so that we missed the connecting flight with Air France in Paris. All the flights to go home were full for the following 2 days. We had to buy by ourselves 2 train tickets (188 euros) to go back home. Our Air France tickets that we couldn’t use because of the delay were non-refundable. So we lost 246 euros because of SIA. After several mails to SIA (because they don’t reply to emails), the company doesn’t deign to pay 246 euros to compensate us. They only want to pay the difference between the train tickets end the Air France tickets (52 euros). Not logical. Plus, they don’t want to spend money to reply with postal mails. Only answers by email. Singapore Airlines don’t have consideration for their customers. They don’t take responsibility when their delayed flights have consequences on customers.  We will never fly again with Singapore Airlines.
  Barcelona to Melbourne via Singapore, a terrific flight on Singapore Airlines. Comfortable seats, great food and wines and exemplary staff. Both crews were very attentive and worked hard to ensure we had good flights. The new A350 seats are well-designed and the Inflight entertainment is easy to use with big screens. I have seen better videos choices, but the offer on SIA is good.
  Amsterdam to Brisbane via Singapore. AMS to SIN was in premium economy on an A350. The SIN to BNE sector was in standard economy on a Boeing 777. At this stage, Singapore Airlines doesn't offer premium economy to Brisbane. These two experiences were extremely different. In Premium, I paid a little extra to sit in the front row. I was able to extend my legs fully and adopt different seating positions. It was relatively comfortable. IFE was excellent. The large screen, extensive selection and quality headphones made the flight pleasant. Food was nice and the cabin crew were really professional. Changing in Singapore to standard economy - the seat was obviously narrower and my knees touched the seat in front. I could only adopt one sardine like position in my seat. All in all, it was quite uncomfortable for me. The food and service were efficient. The tiny screen was hard to see, having to often adjust the angle and on the 777, the selection was less than on the A350. In my opinion, there is a very distinct difference between standard and premium economy and I think the extra cost if well worth it.
  Flew Houston to Manchester. A wonderful experience - the stewards and stewardesses were very helpful and sensitive to our needs at all times. The food was excellent, every meal was hot and tasty and served with a smile. We had a little turbulence along the way but the Captain came on and re-assured everyone. I will definitely fly Singapore Airlines again.
  Our holiday involved four Singapore Airline flights, Sydney to Frankfurt via Singapore and return. I bought and paid for four preferred seats. I have replacement knees and whilst they slightly limit my mobility, they do not adversely impact on my upper body strength or general fitness. The preferred seats would have given me more leg freedom. I purchased the preferred seats on-line and disclosed that I had a mobility problem. The tickets were sold with full disclosure by me. On the flights, we were refused the seats. It was then explained to me that it was the decision of the Cabin Crew "on the day" whether a person could occupy the preferred seats or not. We were moved further back down (both) aircraft and other people were seated in the preferred seats at no cost to themselves. It seems that the cabin crew make a decision whether the people in preferred seats are fit enough to assist other passengers in the event of an emergency. A total farce really, because they do allow women with babies to utilise these spaces. (So much for being fit enough to assist) On the last flight, the senior Cabin Crew person indicated she was submitting a report to assist me in having the money returned. I wrote to Singapore Airlines in late August. My email was acknowledged, then no further contact was received. I rang the Sydney office today and was told the money would not be refunded because the Airlines has a "Not Negotiable/No Refund policy on preferred seat sales. My point is that those seats should not have been sold to anyone without a clear indication that it was a decision for the Cabin Crew "on the day." It was unpleasant sitting well back watching other people enjoying the seats I paid for. I will never fly Singapore Airlines again.
  Singapore to London Heathrow. I haven't flown SIA for over 5 years, and was looking forward to renewing my experience. Overall a pleasant trip, but they seem to rather a shadow of their former self. I guess they are getting attacked by low cost airlines and Middle eastern airlines that have stolen many of their customers? Staff were efficient during the set times for service, but outside that this is a rather disappointing level of attention for business class. I had flown LAX to Tokyo one week earlier with ANA business class and have to say they are streets ahead of SIA from a service viewpoint. Seat on this A380 was comfortable, a little hard to sleep on, but quite private. Meals seemed quite small and dull compared to former standards. Used the inflight entertainment at beginning of flight and quite a nice choice. I probably wouldn't put them as first choice next time - they are a whole lot better than BA, but that is like comparing a low cost airline against SIA.
  Dhaka to Singapore in economy class. The seat, comfort, staff, everything was excellent. They give you hot towels, menus, and steel cutlery for your food which is rare in economy class nowadays. It is the best airline I have flown.
  Singapore to Perth. We were welcomed on as if we were old pals. This crew were enthusiastic and funny and service excellent. Food was exceptional. And welcome back to amenity bags. Entertainment system very good. Seats not flat bed. Lounge in Singapore needs a makeover.
  Perth to Singapore. Friendly service, with good food and overall a great flight. Not a full flat bed in business class which is a shame but its only a 5 hour flight. No amenity kits. Lounge staff were excellent in Perth. Singapore lounges are now looking tired. Certainly one of the best flying out of Perth.
  Frankfurt to Singapore was my first trip with Singapore Airlines and the journey was flawless. The staff was nice and helpful, on ground and in the plane, the flight was on time. I had a Boeing 777 on the way in and A380 on the way back, and, since that was my first travel with the A380, I'll focus on this one. First of all, this plane is awesome! It's so massive and  super silent. I paid for the extra space seat, which turns out to not be a super good idea. You paiy for more leg room but got an entertainment system in the armseat that is less pleasant than the normal, so, I'd say that's not worth it. But, anyway, service was good, but not extraordinary. Food was not so good to be honest, I was a bit disappointed and the service was nice but, I didn't find anything that stands out compare to any other big airline in my opinion. Seat was ok, I could sleep without too much discomfort, entertainment system was fine, no complaints about it. In the end, I had two nice flights, I really enjoy them but, I didn't find that the Premium Economy in a 5 stars airline was much different that a 4 star one. So, I'd recommend Singapore Airline, but, if you find the same seat category for less money in a less prestigious airline, I'd switch for the second one.
  Munich to Singapore return, outbound Premium Economy, return in Business. Fabulous service by the cabin crew on both trips. On the outbound flight the purser went through the cabin twice and asked everybody whether everything is ok. At the end of the flight he shook hands to a lot of passengers and thanked for flying SQ. Never seen before. I took the available "Cook the book" option for Premium Economy and had a vey tasty meal (Salmon noodles). Seat in the first row of Premium Economy to be recommended the other rows looked a little bit cramped. A lot of drink rounds on the day flight and also snacks available. Could use the Lufthansa Lounge as Silver Card member LH, but a little bit crowded at noon time, Silver Kris Lounge on the return flight a better options for meals and snacks, however (as some here have already mentioned) crowded between 10.00pm and midnight and the furniture need to be renewed urgently. Boarding in Singapore is smooth, flights on time, even ahead of schedule, good choice of entertainment. Just one neative point: Even there were quite a lot free seats in Business on the outbound flight, it was not possible to redeem my LH Miles on this flight despite several attempts during the last 6 weeks before departure
  Surabaya to Singapore in economy class. It's visible from beginning it's good quality airline. I made online check-in to reserve seat before, all process without any problem. On the airport, baggage drop and boarding pass printing process went very smoothly. Because of small traffic on Surabaya airport security control process did not take much time. Also lounge was very nice and spacious. Boarding process was well organized. On board the service is on really good level. Staff speaks good English and is kind. Meal service was really tasty. Our plane was quite old and it was visible in the entertaiment system. Screen in my seat had some problems with touch screen and it was lagging but with additional remote I was able to use it. Before landing we got some information about connecting flights. All services was on time. I highly recommend this airline.
  Melbourne to Barcelona via Singapore, two great flights. Both cabins were the new Business fit out and the seats (11K and 11A respectively) were of the new set up. The only issue is that I think there is a lack of storage space, and no drink tray (which is available on the A380) The A350 arrangement is newer of course and the individual cabin seems a bit smaller than those on the A380 and B777 (although the seat is the same width as on the B777). In reality the size seems to be on a good scale and uses the space well - it is very comfortable and all works well, and very roomy. Interestingly we were handed a small amenities kit on the Singapore to Barcelona flight - a first in my experience with SIA. The service on both flights was top notch and the attendants very friendly and attentive. The A350 flight seemed to be full, but the service was of a very high standard. We had a short stopover in Milan where we had to remain on the plane and there was a crew change. One of the flight attendants came up to say goodbye as she was leaving the plane. Very personal service. The A350 is a terrific plane - very quiet (much more so than the B777) and very smooth. I did feel better after this flight than other long haul flights so maybe the extra humidity and air pressure and better air conditioning worked. Meals and drinks were of a high standard and the toilet to passenger ratio seemed good. The only slightly negative thing was the Silver Kris lounge in Singapore - very crowded, and the showers are showing their age. However, I thoroughly recommend Singapore Air and the new A350.
  Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore. My experience from HongKong to Kuala Lumpur was outstanding. I had booked the two flights on separate tickets as I had to add the trip to Kuala Lumpur on rather short notice. When booking the trip I took into account that the connection time in HKG was only 1 hour and 50 minutes between my SK flight and the Singapore flight. Being a frequent traveller with SAS I already asked to have my luggage checked through to Kuala Lumpur at Oslo airport, which was a very good choice as thus the SIngapore ground staff was prepared when the SK flight arrived in Hong Kong with a 80 minute delay. Despite I made it to the departure gate on my connection at last minute - exhausted after a long run through Hong Kong airport, the Singapore ground staff had already made a arrangement for me and my colleague to be booked on the next machine as the earlier flight had been anyway full. Both me and my colleague (who would not have made the connection as fast as me due to troubles at transfer security), we were both reassured, given new boarding passes and guided to the Singapore lounge for the next flight. All ground crew was very attentive and supportive and I appreciated this very foresighted arrangement, especially in the course that me and my colleague were actually booked on separate tickets. The flight itself was good, service was nice and attentive, but overall uneventful .
  Singapore to Taipei. I flew 4 Singapore Airlines segments in the past month and this one was the best among all. The cabin crew were nice and friendly, though they seemed pretty occupied, they remembered and managed to fulfill our needs. The meal was not delicious, whereas they offered us various options for beverage. It was enough. We had a good time flying with them.
  Rome to Melbourne via Singapore. Check in Rome was quick, efficient and friendly but from there it was all downhill. Singapore Airlines use a common use airline lounge in Rome not affiliated with any specific airline. Lounge is very dated and standing room only when full as it was on this day. Food offerings were a stale pound cake and a bowl of nuts. The bar area was covered in dirty used glasses.  I left the lounge and bought water from a vending machine. The aircraft was a refitted 777 that looked every bit it's 16 years old. The purser was very friendly and the rest of the crew in business class were also alright on the Rome to Singapore leg. The seat was large but very uncomfortable in seated and bed positions. The meal was not great and quality sub standard. The next flight out of Singapore to Melbourne while the aircraft was new was the biggest disappointment. The crew rushed both services and literally threw the table clothes and utensils down. Bread baskets thrust at passengers without offering bread. All done without uttering a single word to customers. From the noise coming out of the galley they were capable of talking and laughing just not with their customers.  I wouldn't have given more than 2 stars from their product and crew .
  Dhaka to Shanghai via Singapore. It's my 2nd time fly to Singapore airline. Excellent service. Ground staff are helpful and polite. Cabin crew are very professional and trying their best give service to pessenger. Food choice is really great but wifi is too expensive. Onboard entertainment have many choice. 
  Singapore to Melbourne. Our late departure was thankfully made up in the air however I was very disappointed by the lack of water offered or available on board for the flight. Dehydration set in and made for an uncomfortable flight. The breakfast of a bread roll and some spread was pretty pathetic too! Singapore Airlines needs to have drinks and snacks available to help yourself to like other 5 star airlines.
  Hong Kong to Singapore. First time trying the premium economy of Singapore Airlines, must I say I was really impressed by the offering and the value for money. Boarding in Hong Kong is done very orderly, Premium economy customers get to use the channel for gold card members. Separate counter for check in, priority luggage handling, and a generous allowance of 35kg! On board I was warmly greeted and shown to my new seat. Very impressed by the design, seat pitch, and storage space etc. Out of HK we had a delay of 1 hour due to heavy traffic, but crew handled it perfectly, with drinks and snacks given out, and air con on. Sharing the same toilet of economy is no problem at all. We were even offered champagne and nuts, not bad at all! Meals were from economy, but we could also book the cook for a few extra special dishes. Metal cutlery, wine and drinks offered. Nice premium ice cream offered at the end of the meal. AVOD has a large screen, touch screen for 777 and normal use of console for A380. Wifi is available, although not cheap, but those who needs it will find it very useful. Seat when reclined slightly, plus the footrest, makes for a very comfortable position for relaxation. For medium haul flight this is perfect. I can highly recommend it, sometimes the price can be cheaper than economy in high seasons.
  Manchester to Houston. 30th anniversary included a bucket list experience on Singapore Airlines new A350-900 aircraft. The experience was fantastic, the service superb, and Singapore Airlines lived up to its ranking. The cabin is so quiet and the seats are the widest. Lie flat seat provides enough space for my 6ft plus frame, even if I did have to tilt a little to fit my feet in the slot. IFE was full of movies on a great screen and the food was delicious, especially Tiramisu. Don't miss the Singapore Sling, the signature cocktail of the airline. Only negative is that the cabin can tend to be warm, and there are no individual vent controls to adjust comfort levels.
  Stockholm to Singapore and onwards to Phuket. We booked 5 seats in a row, 3 on the left side and the next 2 seats in the middle. Flying economy, our expectations were fairly low, but we were pleasantly surprised by the seats. The legroom was large, the seats were decently comfortable and in-flight entertainment system was excellent. Before taking off, the crew handed out hot towels and the menu, which was very nice. Shortly after take-off, the service began with a smaller snack before the stop in Moscow. Here, all passengers had to get off the airplane, even if you continued to Singapore. Moscow was an annoying but thankfully short stop. Be prepared to show your passport/bording pass 4-5 times though, as there were several controls, and one proper security checkpoint. Nothing insufferable, but annoying nonetheless. After taking off again from Moscow, the rest of the trip was a breeze. The service from the crew was excellent, with food, beverages and complimentary items. It was a 10 hour flight but it went by quickly thanks to the wonderful seat back entertainment system. There were more movies than you could ever hope to watch during a flight, as well as games, tv-series, books and music, all of it free! The only thing you had to pay for was the wifi. As such, I didn't check the cost, since I had enough free entertainment. As we began our descent the crew cleaned up nicely, and handed out the necessary immigration forms, if needed. The plane itself was only a few months old at the time and felt very modern. Everything looked stylish and clean. All in all, I am very impressed by Singapore Airlines economy class on this flight. I have flown business class once before, and this was honestly not that far removed from that service, excluding the seat of course. I'd happily fly with them again!
  London to Auckland via Singapore in Premium Economy. The seat width and leg room are marginally better than economy and is very hard and uncomfortable. Seating across cabin was 2-4-2. No toilet, use economy toilet and no closed off cabin. and food service is economy standards. Book a chef food arrives early so meal is consumed before wine service. The crew serve the premium and economy cabin so once you have been served don't expect to see crew again until meal service. 
  Melbourne to Singapore en route to Zürich in late June and it was the most pleasant economy class flight I have experienced. For someone who is 188cm tall, I generally struggle with the legroom provided in any economy class cabin but found the A350 provided a generous amount of seat width which meant I could angle myself slightly to avoid touching the seatback in front. The cabin staff were excellent in their attentiveness, and the upgraded IFE screens and controllers were a noticeable improvement from the ageing systems in the A380 and 777-300ER. Food and ground services were pleasant. Overall excellent experience and will be actively seeking out the A350 in my future travels.
  Dubai to Seoul via Singapore, on a Boeing 777-300ER from Dubai to Singapore. The seat was massive and in great condition. The onboard entertainment was fantastic with a great selection of movies. The food was sensational with a good selection of drinks. My flight to Seoul was on an A330-300 which was slightly older and the seats were smaller.  I was provided with the meal I had pre-booked and the flight was excellent. I flew back from Seoul and the service was exceptional.  I had 8 hours in Changi airport and the silver Kris lounge provide a peaceful environment with great food and drinks available. My final flight to Dubai was the best flight. Amazing crew, meals and onboard entertainment. The crew very kind and asking to top up drinks. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience on Singapore Airlines.
  Flew from Jakarta to Singapore return. Our outbound leg was operated by a brand new A350. Despite the usually unremarkable ground service in CGK, we walked into the plane with high expectations, being known as a prestigious carrier here in Indonesia. Our previous flights with them has also been excellent. However, walking out of a Singapore Airlines plane for the first time in three years left us wanting for more. Sure, the A350 was an excellent aircraft in itself, with a spacious cabin, larger windows, high-tech LCDs for overhead signs and increased humidity, but unfortunately the flight experience overall has fallen miserably compared to our past flights with them as well as with competing airlines. Seat comfort was good but not great due to the hard leather headrests. Seat width was great, while pitch was nothing remarkable. Service was noticeably rushed, though crew were still professional, efficient and quite friendly. IFE was the most sophisticated and content-loaded I have ever experienced - complete with an extremely high resolution remote controller. However, it was not useful other than accessing shortcuts and viewing brief flight information. And then the food came: every single portion of the meal was lackluster - very severely below industry standards. Also, the ding sounds were played excessively throughout the flight, at an ear-splitting volume - they rung at least once every thirty seconds. How incredible. What's more, turbulence kept coming and going throughout the entire flight as well, and when it was time to land, we hit the ground very hard. Kudos to the pilot. The return flight was operated by a 16-year old 777-300, a stark contrast to the brand new A350 of the previous flight. However, this was much better: food quality was raised to industry standards - good, but not great, service was friendlier, but still far from the best out there, seat comfort was elevated thanks in part to the very soft and plush leather headrests; the constant ding sounds were replaced by an overall calmer ride interspersed with brief periods of turbulence. But what impressed me was the amount of space that each passenger in Economy Class receives: the amount of legroom was mind blowing. I could stretch out and still not feel claustrophobic. However, this flight also comes with its own share of flaws: crew service was not as efficient - they spent the first 20 minutes of cruise heating up food, and this caused my row to get the food only 30 minutes before arrival, and we finished our desserts as the plane was already midway through descent. Also, the IFE system is ancient and is in desperate need for a upgrade. The screens were also falling apart as well. Overall an inconsistent experience onboard SQ that has slightly declined since I flew them last three years ago.
 Enjoyed my trip from Singapore to Amsterdam in the A350. The best of it was arriving jetlag free, both ways. Normally I feel grotty for at least a couple of days. The service was the usual Singaporean courteous and efficient. The food was good and the ambience pleasant. Highly recommended.
  Tokyo Haneda to Melbourne via Singapore, we were bumped to an earlier flight in Singapore  with the reassurance that our baggages would be transferred to our new flight. Lo and behold, we arrived in Melbourne after enduring a painful flight in an old airplane with terrible food and fault inflight entertainment (had to be restarted twice) our baggages are nowhere to be found. Went to the baggage assistance area and talked to a very agitated agent who refused to explained the situation to us. Very disappointed with Singapore Airlines with this mix up. They are efficient when running smoothly within their protocols but anything out of ordinary reveals poor problem solving. 
 Business class on Singapore airlines is always a pleasure. From Singapore to San Francisco, attentive polite staff, great food, IFE system with many choices, easy check in, and now they use TSA Pre so my connection to a US carrier went smoothly as well. The only negative on the trip was the child in the row behind me who did what small children do from time to time. Ear plugs helped there. With SQ, the miles accumulation doesn't go very far, but ever since the US carreiers devalued FF miles, SQ is the way to go. THe WiFi is slow and $17 for the flight but if you need to check and send email it works.
  Denpasar to Singapore, my experience has been disappointing. The lack of pillow and blanket on board was a concern, even though it was just a short flight, and the fact that it was a day flight didn't mean that blankets were not necessary. The cabin temperature was freezing and when I asked the crew for a blanket, the reply I got was they have run out.  When the flight was approaching Singapore, we demanded for some disembarkation/embarkation cards, we only managed to get 2 for a total of 8 of us, because they have run out of these cards. In the end, we had to queue up before the immigration counter at Changi Airport to get the cards and to fill them in. The meal was very unsatisfying. Overall, the flight was just full of disappointment.
  San Francisco to Singapore via Hong Kong. I was pleased with the smooth service of Singapore Airlines. Ground service in SFO was very friendly and tackled our problems efficiently. Aboard the plane, the flight attendants were very kind and cooperative. Cabin and seat features were very convenient and modern. The food was spectacular and movie choices were in a vast range. A blanket and pillow were provided even for a 3 hrs 50 min day flight from HKG to SIN. Overall, Singapore Airlines definitely brightened my trip to Singapore. (SIN airport was also grand and beautiful!)
  Singapore to San Francisco. Initially when I flew on an A350 I felt that it was far too narrow unlike B777-300 ER. It's actually a very quiet plane and the seats are very comfortable. The lighting is very conducive especially for an overnight flight. However as I took SQ32 which was a morning flight out of Singapore it was some time before the cabin lights were switched off and when it does this is a super cool silent plane allowing one to relax and doze off to sleep and even when the lights are being switched on it was not like super glaring. Great plane and great flight and I did arrive fresher on this flight not when I flew on this aircraft for the first time in March than I would do on other types of aircraft.
  Los Angeles to Singapore. Singapore Airlines was awesome. They gave amazing meals and and customer service was great. The cabin staff were very friendly. Great people. The facilities were super. I did have some trouble with the wifi but I was still entertained by their range of music, games, movies, tv shows, etc. At the end of the flight I accidentally left my phone in the plane. I panicked and ran back to the plane however I was not allowed to re-enter. Then I saw the cabin staff and the manager as they were going home and I told them the situation. They quickly reacted asking me my seat number and three staff into the plane. I was very pleased by their efforts. The manager then calmed me down and everything. Shortly the men returned and thankfully they found my phone. I was very thankful to them as they took time out of their journey home to help with my situation. 
  Jakarta to Singapore. The arrival of SQ960 was delayed and our flight SQ961 was delayed even further. This was on July 7th. The congestion at the airport meant more waiting and the captain allowed passengers to call family and friends to inform them of the severe delay whilst we were on the runaway behind 6 planes. It was not a refitted 777-300 but as I did not have any passenger next to me it was fine. There was no wifi on board. This was a routine short haul flight. The flight attendants served dinner, they looked stressed and very little smiles but I guess it's understandable.
  Singapore to Perth. A disappointing inflight experience with Singapore Airlines. Seats are old and stained. The inflight entertainment screen was stuck and the angle could not be adjusted. Food was too salty for me. Stained toilet seat and basin. Not worth paying more for these older facilities. The only positive thing is the good inflight crew service. Definitely not a 5 stars airline. 
  Perth to Singapore on the 3rd July and the most horrible flight experience I could get from a full service airline. Inattentive staff, cold food, broken in-flight entertainment equipment and terrible service.  I was with a friend when I boarded this flight and going back to Singapore after a semester of studies in Perth. We just had a rude encounter with a staff at the boarding gate and was hoping to get a warm welcome from fellow Singaporeans on the SIA flight. However we were received with hostile treatment from the cabin staff serving us on the flight. Had to pass through 5 flight attendants before we finally got an apple juice. First 2 attendants conveniently missed us when serving drinks to other passengers. The next 2 forgot our orders. Throughout these 5 encounters, we were received with rude attitudes which irritated, annoyed and angered us. It was a truly frustrating flight. A flight attendant also missed me when serving meals, had to be served by another from the other aisle. Apart from that, in-flight entertainment was faulty, didnt bother to announce before rebooting and after restarting. My remote had 1 button missing. Meals were not hot and rice was hard. I had previously tried Scoot for the first time from Singapore to Perth. Although the food was terrible, they provided a quality of service that could rival a full service airline and definitely beat the one provided by SQ on this particular flight.  Before this flight, I absolutely adored SQ. Now, I am seriously considering boycotting this airline for the treatment I received on flight. I seriously wonder if the old cabin crew who had built up such a wonderful reputation for SQ had moved on to serve in Scoot.  I don't think any customer deserves to be put through the horrible treatment my friend and I received on this flight. I honestly would have liked not having to sit through this torture.
  London to Melbourne via Singapore. The premium economy is not really impressive. The seats are a bit bigger, but sometimes I feel like I'd rather have a window seat in economy and wedge myself into a comfort. It is handy if you want to do some work on your laptop during the flight, but not if you want to sleep. Singapore Airlines is a reasonable premium economy class option, but not as good as Qantas. The food is standard economy which I think should be expected. The extra money is paying for the seat. But I battled in it and didn't find the extra space that worthwhile.  The Wifi on SIA is an absolute joke. It was $10 for something like 50MB. I had to reload twice during the flight. Overall, I didn't think it was worth the price. If you are going to dig your hand into your pocket and spend money, go business. If not, grin and bear it in economy.
  Singapore to Beijing, flight took 7 hrs. It was a night flight so after the seatbelt sign has been switched off the flight attendant gave the amenity kits followed by beverages and peanuts. It was quite smooth flight and the inflight entertainment was up to date. It has a feature of 3D maps that can locate us in real time. I also used for on board wifi but unfortunately Emirates has better offer for on board wifi due to less cost amount money compared to Singapore Airlines. In the morning the crew served a breakfast with two different menu. I had the egg vegetable frittata. Prior to landing a hot towel was served. Overall the flight was ok.
 I had checked in online for my Singapore Airlines flight from Jakarta to Singapore and it was quite smooth. As I got to the airport the bag drop counter also handled the service quite well and quick. The flight was slightly delayed but luckily we got on time. The service was good, as I boarded the aircraft one flight attendant escorted me to my seat. She even helped me out to put all of my things in the overhead bin. For the food, nothing better than Singapore Airlines food. That Lasagna with smoked chicken salad impressed me well. They also served a complete set menu for economy class starting from appetizer, main course and dessert. The chocolate mousse was totally delicious. The inflight entertainment was up to date. It had quite new movies and some great series, but unfortunately the screen had a slow response as I clicked the remote to move the channel. Overall the service was great, all cabin staff gave their best service with a smile.
  Flew Singapore Airlines from Delhi to Singapore. The flight from Delhi to Singapore went well. However, the crew on the Singapore to Adelaide sector were terrible, I had to witness a dirty toilet early in the morning before landing. Seats were pretty uncomfortable as well.

  The flight on the San Francisco - Hong Kong sector was a long haul one and went through a longish route which had lots of turbulence. The Hong Kong - Singapore flight was shorter of 3 hours and was very smooth. The long haul flight was of 14 hours. A big meal was served after take-off though it was 2 am. It does not make sense to serve a heavy dinner at that odd time. Instead they could serve a good breakfast at around 7 am (PST). Then only snacks for the entire flight and another heavy meal just an hour before landing. This thing is a nuisance because you cant really enjoy a meal if you know you have to land in another hour. The breakfast served on the HKG-SIN sector was good and well timed. The toilets were clean and had the basic amenities. IFE was good on both flights. The seats were comfortable and so was the lighting etc. A big thank you to the SQ ground staff at SFO who excused my excess baggage of 5 kilos, without any extra charge. That was a very kind gesture and they put a tag on my bags to say that it was 'heavy".
  My wife and I flew to London last week, with a Singapore stopover, choosing premium economy because we had a great experience flying on Qantas premium economy. We expected Singapore Airlines, another favourite carrier, to offer a similar product, and we had both had good Singapore Airlines flights before. But this flight was a terrible disappointment, and poor value for money. We are not looking forward to the return flight next month. With Singapore Airlines premium economy, you get a wider seat and better leg room. At the airport you check in separately, and there's a more generous luggage allowance. But that's all you get. We got the same food as economy (poor food compared to previous Singapore Airlines economy flights). The flight attendants served us and a large chunk of economy. Perhaps they were run off their feet: the only smiles were the neon-light style: turn on a smile and instantly turn it off again. When the food trolley came along there was a bottle of red and and a bottle of white wine on the top, but it was not offered. We were asked simply whether we wanted tea or coffee. I requested a glass of red, and was given it. I've no idea what sort of wine it was. The curried beef meal was poor economy class food at best, and far from what Singapore Airlines has offered in the past. Nobody came around after the meal to offer more wine, tea of coffee. After each meal, it took half an hour for anyone to come and remove our trays, so we were stuck in our seats and unable to go the toilet. My wife eventually lost patience and took her tray and returned it to the kitchen herself. Flight attendants were there, but offered no thanks or apology for the delay in retrieving the trays. On the long night flight leg to London a day later it was much the same. We were not even offered eye masks, though I was given one when I requested it. I've never flown an international night flight before when an eye mask wasn't offered. The curtain between premium economy and economy was never closed on either flight, and children from economy wandered into our aisle at will. As we approached London, our last meal was a breakfast omelet of rubbery texture, which seemed to underscore the whole mediocre experience this premium economy flight had been. But it hadn't finished yet: On arrival at Heathrow, people in economy poured from their seats into our part of the aircraft before the seatbelt light had been turned off. No flight attendants told them to stay in their seats until those ahead of them had got off, not even a cabin announcement. Most cabin announcements during were barely audible, even in an aircraft as quiet as an A380, so that might not have made much of a difference. To sum up: we used to praise Singapore Airlines to the skies, but the scales have fallen from our eyes.This was an appalling way to start our holiday, and it will take a lot to get us to return to flying with this airline again.
  Singapore to Munich. Overall another good flight. For some reason they didn't do priority boarding parents traveling with infants which caused a bit of a bottleneck on the air bridge. Flight departed 10 min late but arrived 5 min early. Staff were friendly and the service constant throughout the flight. Having now flown Premium economy and Economy back to back I can't see the value in paying extra for Premium economy as the standard product is so good. Only downside was the time it took the luggage to come out.
  Guangzhou to Singapore. Singapore Airles has lost its service quality. Its virtually impossible to use my hundred of thousands KrisFlyer points for upgrades. The required ticket type is nearly the cost of the business fare in the first place!! Points have been progressivly devlaued with unecessary expiry dates. SQ is locked in the past. The budget airliens are beating it on service standards. There was a time when SQ was my preferred carrier. Sadly its no longer the case. The outdated one way vs two way ticket cost differential means I use other airlines more and more frequently becuase I need the flexibility in rescheduling flights. SQ should look at Jetstar Asia if it wants to see what modern customer standards are like. (Believe me I never thought I would write in favour of Jetstar.)
  Munich to Ho Chi Minh City via Singapore. I will never fly with this airline again. My wife and I booked two seats from Madrid to Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam. We had a big drama at the airport in Munich because 20 min before departure their ground crew decided to asked us for a return flight from Vietnam. We had the approval letter from the Vietnamese Immigration letter which was shown to them. The only requirement is to have the approval letter and pay for the visa on arrival. This information was co-overrated by the Immigration department in Vietnam upon our arrival to HCMC. It is also important to note that this wasn't our first time in Vietnam and no airline staff has ever asked us for an outgoing flight. What really makes me angry though is that their ground crew left it to the very last minute to ask us for the return flight. It was an incredibly stressful booking a flight on the spot, only having 10 minutes or so to do it. We almost missed our flight because of their incompetence. To make matters worse the cabin crew was incredibly rude and unpleasant. One of the staff members didn't even bother to use the word please. How can these people work in the travel/tourism industry? On arrival to Vietnam, we found out that both of our suitcases were damaged. The airline did replace them however we had to go through the drama of filling out forms/taking photos at the airport after a very long flight. 
  Adelaide to Singapore and the best crew I have had on a flight. Two members addressed passengers (including myself) by name for the whole flight.  Attendants were chatty and polite, and spent time providing passengers with hints of what to see and do in Singapore. Very frequent rounds of drinks. Aircraft was clean. IFE was not the latest generation but the screen size was big enough and the selection of movies was more than adequate. The only downside was food, where Singapore Airlines normally does not shine. Portions were big but quality can be better. Ground staff at Adelaide airport very polite and helpful. SilverKris lounge small but well-stocked. Overall, a great experience.
  From an earlier, not very pleasant experience on the same route, our recent flight with Singapore Airlines flying from Johannesburg to Kuala Lumpur via Singapore was outstanding and living up to the 10/10 I expected. The welcome from the crew and constant unobtrusive service was excellent. It was a 10 hr flight and there was always drinks or snacks available and a cheerful crew member to serve it. The only downside is that on a 2am departure the only food offered as a meal is a cheese roll! Not what you want at that time of the day after hanging around at the airport and next meal in 8 hrs time. Other than that it was a great flight and the crew were excellent.
 Singapore to Colombo with Singapore Airlines. The check in has been fully automated. You have to tag your own baggage and no staff is around to assist. Crew is quite rude and didn't care much about the passengers. Food is bland and the service is not that good. Wouldn't recommend. I think Singapore Airlines is losing its quality.
  Munich to Singapore. First time flying with a baby so we were a bit apprehensive. The flight crew were fantastic making sure we were looked after, from coming over to invite us to board and making sure we have everything we need. The food service was prompt, staff came around with drinks, just before the lights are dimmed they give out water bottles. Flight left 5 min late but arrived 10 min early bags were only the belt when we got out of immigration. I was also told that from Aug 2017 the Boeing 777-300ER will be completely replaced by the A350. Only downside the hand controller stopped working to had to reach the bulkhead to change channels. As a full reset would cause issues for the row behind me and take 10 min I wasn't bothered, the staff said they would do it as soon as the others fell asleep. To their credit 6 hours later once the other dosed off the reset was done. Great flight, they will always be on the top of my list of carriers to fly.
  Denpasar to Bangkok via Singapore. Both flights were very comfortable featuring great cabin crew, very good meals and entertainment as well as completely on time. The standards I remember were well maintained. I will continue to fly Singapore when available.
  Bangkok to Jakarta via Singapore in December 2016, and there's Christmas decoration on board. For me, the little things matters. Cabin crews are nice and the food is good even though I am in economy class.
  My wife and me flew from Singapore to Dubai on 4 May 2017. After travelling from Auckland to Singapore  by Air New Zealand I was pleasantly surprised by the attitude and training of the  cabin staff, who were professional, friendly and courteous and helpful. The seating in Economy class was comfortable with ample leg room. Meals were tasty with real metal forks spoons knives. No scrounging on beverages. Inflight entertainment excellent. Cannot wait to travel with you again.
  Manila-Singapore-Manila Cabin is clean. Crew are kind and are visible throughout the flight. Ample seat space with generous reclining. Seat is built-in with adjustable lumbar support. Good selection of movies from Hollywood, Bollywood to Asian. Newspapers are available (e.g. Strait Times, Wall Street Journal, etc.). Food is great and is finished with Teh Tarik Ice Cream, SQ's 70th Anniversary gift to passengers. Toilet is clean and well-maintained. The flight is on-time. SQ (Silk) Singapore-KL-Singapore: This is just a short flight, approx. 45 min. Seats seems to be worn-out already but has generous space. The aircraft is clean. Entertainment is available through wi-fi but who needs one for a 45-minute flight. Newspapers are available (e.g. Strait Times, etc.) Friendly and generous crew. The flight is on-time.
  Hong Kong to Surabaya via Singapore. I have been flying with Singapore Airlines in Economy a couple of times in the past and was under the impression that I really like flying with them. However, my recent two legs felt mediocre at best and made me question my general stance. The crews seemed disorganized, very mechanic, and provided slightly chaotic and/or unnecessary stressed meal services. The first beverage service consisted of pre-filled cups with wine and beer served from a tray that the FA carried through the aisle. Kinda strange. Why not hand out little wine bottles (as Lufthansa does) and cans of beers instead? If no one takes the cups, do they pour them out? The planes were fairly old, featuring ancient inflight systems. I also dislike with Singapore Airlines that during online set selection, one is only being shown very few available seats - and when you sit down, the seats that were shown occupied suddenly are empty, while the one next to you which was shown available is occupier. I understand that there always are last minute changes but I still notice a repeating pattern; with other airlines (within Star Alliance) I usually am able to make smarter seat choices than when flying with SIA. The food was good. Overall, if Singapore Airline wants to maintain its position as a serious premium airline, it has to improve the overall pleasantness of the flight experience. The fare was not cheap (yet the booking class made it hard to earn miles outside of Krisflyer), and mediocre doesn't justify a significant higher price than what the low cost competion offers.
  Singapore to Denpasar. In general, Singapore Airlines was good, however, their service seems to be going downhill.  Dining experience was slow - the cabin crew on the other section of economy cabin even had finished their service completely while the cabin crew on my section had just finished halfway. Another thing was there was no consistency since the crew started from wrong direction. Usually they start their way form the front to the back but this time one section within the economy cabin started from the front and the other from the back. By the time they have reached my seat, they said there was no more choices so I had to take what was left. Furthermore, on the meal tray itself, my salad or appetiser food container had no cover. Since the crew on my section was so slow; therefore, they expected us to finish our meal so fast so they could clear up. I have traveled with them a lot and I have been in business class. I didn't compare it with business but this was the first time in my flight with them in economy that the service was slow, ran out of choices, no food cover, non-focused cabin crew, etc.  I hope they can improve before it goes down to far and losing their loyal customers further
  Sydney to Manchester via Singapore. No problems checking in. Excellent food and attentive friendly cabin crew. Became quite cool on overnight flight. Would take a sweater next time. Entertainment very good. Priority ticket on bags worked well and bags soon out on carousel at end of flight. Found seat to be comfortable and spacious when sitting, plenty of leg room, but not so comfortable to sleep on when turned onto a bed. Only small area to place your feet when lying down. Overall would certainly use Singapore Airlines again.

 I had high expectations of Singapore Airlines but this flight from Shanghai to Singapore was just good. Plane was the oldest A380-800 which will be retired in few months. Good IFE but not touch-screen. Selection of movies was good but should be improved. As a Star Alliance Gold member, I was given a seat in the small Economy class section on the upper deck. As such a section was quite empty, I had a full row for myself. Service was good, smiling and polite cabin crew, but not the most proactive. Drinks selection was rather limited for a 5 hours flight, no sparking wine available. The hot meal served was of poor quality. Based on my experience, I think Cathay Pacific remains one step above.
  Kolkata to San Francisco via Singapore. From Kolkata was an A330, good and comfortable. Food and drinks were served though it was a late night flight. Transit in Singapore was smooth. Changi is a nice airport to transit through. The second flight was on a A350-900 the so-called next-gen aircraft; but I didn't find it too comfortable. The service was good with an efficient crew. A simple amenity kit was provided and the washrooms also had the basic supplies. The food was good and sufficient. Snacks were available in the galley. However, I did not like the cramped seating of the A350. Arrival was smooth and on time.
  Singapore to San Francisco. I previously had positive things to say about Singapore Airlines, but in this case, I was very frustrated. I paid extra for an upgraded seat with extra legroom. Instead, the seat was in front of the exit door and had less legroom. In addition, the TV was broken and so for the entire 16 hour flight, I could not watch any TV. Two thumbs down.
  Hong Kong to Brisbane via Singapore with Singapore Airline. It is a disappointing travel experience. The flight from Hong to Singapore (SQ871) was delayed about 30 minutes and therefore arrived Singapore 10 minutes later than scheduled. Yet my next flight from Singapore to Brisbane (SQ255) was going to depart in about 40 minutes. It was so a rush to transfer flight in such short period of time. A better arrangement would be appreciated as this pattern happens daily. As soon as I landed in Singapore, the staff informed me that my luggage could not get on the same flight as mine because of the time constraint and that I had to make a report after landing in Brisbane. However, no further detail was given and I was not sure where and who to talk to. The flight from Singapore to Brisbane is about 8 hours which would give their staff plenty of time to communicate between Singapore and Brisbane offices about my luggage. When I landed in Brisbane, I was directed to the office after asking a flight attendant and then the counter staff at departure. I would appreciate if I was given a better instruction in Singapore (or at least before landing) so that I would not need to run around in the airport. I told the lady at the office about my situation and showed her my flight tickets and passport. However, she did not check anything about my luggage and kept giving me confusing information. She told me my luggage should be in the baggage claim and I had to wait at the airport for an uncertain amount of time since I went through custom already and could not go back in anymore. Then she said the staff had paged me at baggage claim but I did not respond. However, I did not hear any announcement in baggage claim. When I asked her whether my luggage was in Brisbane or Singapore, she was not sure. I would’ve appreciated if she could check for me before saying anything. I am not upset about my luggage not being able to get on my second flight but I'm deeply disappointed about the service and how the staff handled it. I will never take Singapore Airline or recommend to my family and friends.
  Dusseldorf to Hanoi via Singapore. Both segments were truly pleasant flights. The check-in and boarding were well organized and quick. The cabin crews on both flights were very kind and helpful. On DUS-SIN they frequently served drinks, snacks and apples were available as well. I had the same excellent experience on SGN-SIN and SIN-DUS, so I would definitely fly with Singapore Airlines again.
  Singapore to Amsterdam. I felt so welcomed by the crew. The flight attendants were helping and greeting passengers and bringing them to their seat and helped them putting away their hand luggage.  The meal service was very quick and efficient. Overall they flight was very pleasant and comfortable! The flight attendants did Singapore Airlines proud and showed why this airlines has one of the best crew service! I would recommend everybody to fly Singapore Airlines.
  Cape Town to Singapore. Don't bother to hang your jacket. Don't bother to help open up your bedding but one has to struggle with it oneself. Rude interaction. Don't bother to help with opening the table for meals. Often forget to offer some passengers cheese and fruit when it is standard for all business class. Poor lounge food choice with only Indian food available to eat. Don't allow couples to travel together.
  Istanbul to Singapore. Best cabin crew experience, and very helpful during the 10 hour flight. Served frequently snacks and drinks.  I personaly congratulated chief of cabin crew, who didn't stop to serve passengers during the whole flight. I will seriously consider to fly again with Singapore.
  Singapore to Bangkok. It was a very pleasant flight, no delay, quick and effective service at fantastic Singapore airport. Although the flight was almost full the services on board were well organized. Of course I should mention wonderful air hostess. They looked like top models.  Overall it was 5 star flight.
  Jakarta to Singapore. Exemplary customer service experience from Garuda and Singapore Airlines. Our flight scheduled to depart at 15:20 from Pontianak to Jakarta on 27 March, was delayed for 3 hours due to bad weather (heavy thunderstorm). We missed our connecting flight scheduled to depart at 19:00 from Jakarta to Singapore. Upon arrival in Jakarta we brought our case to Garuda customer service and it was promptly processed. There's no flight available for the day so we were put in hotel with dinner and breakfast voucher. The next day Garuda customer service staff went to Singapore Airlines office and they were able to release 2 tickets for us to fly back to Singapore on that day. A gracious and much appreciated act from Garuda and Singapore Air. Thank you!
 My experience with Singapore Airlines was decent at best. The airline fails to compare to the Middle East carriers such as Emirates. My Singapore to Mumbai journey was in an old 777 with a very uncomfortable seat that left me with a backache. The entertainment system on both the 777 and A380 were archaic and cumbersome to use. Definitely didn't feel worth the premium price that I paid for the ticket.
  San Francisco to Singapore via Hong Kong. Beautiful seats with such comfort. Sufficient storage space. If you long for Singapore cuisine there is tons on board. Whilst I did not eat the crew reserved a banana for me before we landed. The SFO-HKG was uneventful as the crew were kind switched off the lights early allowing us to sleep.  The HKG-SIN sector departed on time and the HKG ground crew and lounge staff were very courteous attending to any questions I had about my allergies. The crew was quick to get us our drinks and meals and then we settled to do our work or watch a movie. My suggestion is that if the crew is aware that on board wifi is not available for the initial part of the HKG-SIN as apparently the networks are not that great. This will be very helpful.
  Singapore to San Francisco. The A350 seats were somewhat closer than the Boeing 777. The seats has the length but does not appear to be as wide. The toilet is very cool with state of the art flushing etc. Normally I am able to sleep well on board but maybe because it is a day flight I suffered from jet lag later in the week. Crew was excellent and attentive to our needs and there were loads of request for food by my fellow passengers.
  Brisbane to Singapore. This flight was in an older A340 that does not have flat bed seats. It is fine for a day time flight but having flown this at night previously is not good for a refreshing sleep. Check in was a bit slow and rude, being directed by one staff member to a check in agent who put up her hand to my face to indicate for me to stop while she did something else. Lounge was basic but all I wanted was a coffee. Flight left on time, brunch and snacks were both tasty, of a high quality and large in size. Quality of coffee on board was excellent, too. Crew were great and the wine was good. Attempted a couple of hours sleep which was not great due to the seat. Off the plane at the closest gate to immigration and through customs in 5 minutes and the bags were magically waiting to be picked up. All up a very enjoyable trip that would have been improved through travelling on a plane with the new long haul business class seats.
  Flew roundtrip on Singapore Airlines new nonstop route between San Francisco and Singapore in Premium Economy on the outbound and regular Coach class upon returning. The premium seat was decent, but I wasn't as impressed with the rest of the setup or the soft product. With the hard partition toward business class in front, and the service area / galley located well to the rear past an economy section, the premium economy area on this aircraft is a virtual dead-end rarely patrolled by flight attendants. On the SFO-SIN sector, received two meals during the 16h20m flight, with no other proactive service - no separate drink runs prior to the meals either. You had to press the call button for anything, mid-flight snacks were available but again, nothing was offered voluntarily. Flight attendants seemed to do what was required but without a smile. No landing cards handed out. Except for the seat itself, the service on the return flight SIN-SFO in regular Economy was actually better, with a pre-lunch drinks run (from a tray, not a full cart) and follow-up hot beverage service after the meal. As with the outbound flight, however, the second meal service - a breakfast - took place about six hours before landing, what gives? The check-in experience at SFO was ok, but at SIN economy passengers are herded toward self check-in kiosks and self baggage tagging whether they like it or not. I have only flown SIA once before, but based on my limited experience with them so far, I wouldn't go out of my way to fly them - although I would chose them again if they offered a convenient schedule at a decent price point.
  First time with Singapore Airlines. Got to Sydney airport early. Checked in online and dropped bags. Friendly ground crew directed me to Business Class check in counter as the online check in counter was busy with another passenger. No issues and was issued boarding pass seamlessly. Boarding at Gate 61, a bit chaotic as there are very few seats in that part of the airport for all passengers on a full A380. Departure delayed one hour due to bad weather but was handled professionally by captain and was able to make my connection in SIN. Meal ok, but cabin crew seemed almost robotic, rehearsed and fake. Lacked human touch and could probably be replaced by a few well programmed robots. Seat 60K in economy. After sometime realized my back was aching. Discovered that seat had no lumbar support, some did, mine didn't and couldn't fully recline either. Not pleasant for a 7 hour flight to SIN. Didn't bother complaining as crew was nowhere to be found after meal service and were happy to switch off lights and disappear. Entertainment system, a bit dated, probably the original system used with the first A380 flights and some buttons required a harder press on the remote as had been worn out. Had about 200 movies but I mostly listen to music while flying. Choice of music was mediocre, so decided to use my iPod instead. No free WiFi quota. Same continued on SIN-CMB leg except seat had lumbar support this time, didn't turn on entertainment system this time. I think SQ is highly overrated and not a patch on Emirates or even some non 5 star airlines. Would consider others before SQ next time.
  Bangkok to Seoul via Singapore in business class. Checkin in BKK efficient, fast track security and immigration took less than 10 min. SQ lounge in BKK efficient. Flight comfortable with decent food. Singapore Changi lounge good, with decent food and drinks. Long flight to Seoul with new business class seat. Seat very comfortable with lots of storage space and good IFE. Food was of poor quality and quantity. This was for sure the worst ever business class meal ever. I pre-ordered the "Signature" lobster thermidor. It was awful. Small overbooked pieces of lobster swimming in butter on a lobster shell. Served with limb overcooked asparagus. The breakfast wasn't any better. I like SQ because of its great service, but the food served on this sector will let me think twice before booking SQ again.
  SQ 305 from LHR to SIN onboard Singapore Air's Boeing 777 four class cabin was one of the best long haul in economy flights I've endured. The service is great, a regular drink tray with waters and juices being brought to you to keep you hydrated. The food was decent for economy class standards and they also offered a small snack (sandwich) and second meal. A small amenity pack was provided and consisted of a toothbrush and socks - nothing special but still a tick in the box which some airlines have cut back on. The headrest of the seat is comfy and is made of leather which gives it class. Ambient lighting during the night hours gave a relaxed and upmarket feel. The best part of the Economy seat was the entertainment system which consisted of a large screen - bigger than an iPad size and then has a small digital control below; it all works well and is also touchscreen and the quality and size is better than I've seen on BA business 747. Overall the most comfy and best way to fly direct to Singapore from London in economy class but price will still dictate choices and whilst I'd pay a small Premium to fly Singapore again a harder discount from BA or Garuda would sway me.
  Singapore to Paris. Excellent staff service. Thank, once again, to cabin crew who provided excellent service during the flight,and were always smiling, patient, prompt and helpful. The food and beverage was satisfied. Thank, also, to pilots for so sweet landing in Parisian fog.
  Sydney to Singapore. We are very disappointed that we arrived 5 hours before the departure to get seats in row 30's and we were told its all full. As we are older people in early 70's. We were told we should select our seats by Internet. We checked 48hrs before departure online however all seats were allocated, the seats available were the same seats open 48hrs ago. What a shame that airline has no remorse to senior people. We are seating in toilet class row 56's. As seniors we make two or three trips a year however we haven't encountered this situation in our travelling time. Manager was not considerate or seriously shown any interest. Remember sorry does not make pain go away. I will advise the all the family and friends not to travel Singapore Airlines in future.
  Dubai to Singapore via Penang. First time fly with Singapore Airlines and will be final. I thought everything is perfect not until when I received my new luggage, with the Protection cover missing and the pocket zip is broken. When I file a complaint to Customer service, and the response is that it is due to the luggage is wear and tear, Singapore Airlines could not submit the damage claim to the insurance company and that's it. My conclusion, Singapore Airlines is very irresponsible, if you want to fly with them please ensure your luggage is wrapped or use the old luggage.
  My wife and I thought we would treat ourselves to Premium Economy on a recent holiday to Southeast Asia on both the main legs, London to and from Singapore. We usually fly BA premium economy, but this was part of a package and we upgraded the flight. We are in our 70's and cannot cope with economy over 13 hours To say we were disappointed would be an understatement. The only good thing is the seat but the service is very poor. Firstly if you "Book the Cook " a pre-ordered meal, it will be served long before anyone else. The promised champagne and drinks service did not materialise and staff did not curtain off the cabin from economy and were constantly moving through the cabin to serve economy passengers. This is an expensive airline with a lot of online hype about the premium economy service. We were allocated Row 31 which has extra legroom but as the seat plan shows it is right next to the galley and we were constantly disturbed throughout the whole flight. Under no circumstances would I use this cabin again - not a patch on BA
 Singapore to Sydney. I always fly Singapore Airlines as it offers the most direct flights out of Singapore. Flew on SQ241 on Feb 8th. SQ advises that all their SQ flights with B777-300ER and A350/380 has wi-fi. Unfortunately this flight has no WiFi despite it being a B777-300ER plus flying out at 0700 one would expect a little breakfast. Sadly there was no meals until 12 noon Singapore time which means about 3pm Sydney time. I overheard an American passenger asking for some food as he was hungry. I can understand that most of the passengers are doing a transit but there are many of us who are just starting our day and with a flight at 0700 there is not much time for breakfast. I would appreciate if SQ indicate clearly which flights have wifi and not a blanket statement about the aircraft.
  Flew Singapore Airlines for a family vacation to Bangkok from Singapore. Everything was a breeze from online check-in to boarding and deplaning. The aircraft was clean and tidy. The cabin crew were attentive to passenger needs. The meal was delicious and sufficient enough. Before take off, the crews distribute hot towels to passengers so you can freshen up. The flight was smooth including landing. Inflight entertainment is great as there are so many choices of movies or music to listen to. Singapore Airlines is a great airline and I would always consider flying with them. During seat sale, they offer fares that are even cheaper than low-cost carrier. With Singapore Airlines you have meals and free luggage allowance of up to 30 kgs.
  Manila to Hong Kong via Singapore. Excellent service from their staff. Food is good and generous it's hard to beat. Singapore Airlines innovates and tries further to give better service to their customers. Plane feels a bit old already but facilities and amenities are well appointed.
  Singapore to Munich, and travelled this sector twice within 6 months so my review is based on mix of both. Boarding at Changi is consistent and zone wise boarding. Check-in staff, passport and boarding card checks are very friendly. On boarding the flight crew looked less enthusiastic then I know of. There was a sense of disorganisation. The senior crew jetted through cabin with a frown and certainly created a negative environment. Once in the air, meal and drink service was conducted. I use book the cook service and was served about 30 mins before fellow passengers which I find bit awkward. Again, the meals can be elabotate for this class but I found portions are small and not filling. Service lacked enthusiasm, warmth and smile on both the sectors and cabin crew were indifferent. Some were good and some were kind of forced to work. SIA provides good entertainment system so while watching movies, I decided to get a snack from middle galley and crew were friendly but didn't see them throughout the flight atleast on my side of aisle. On one of the flight, I asked for a coffee and it was brewed very strong even by European standards with the reason given that Europeans only drink strong coffee. The crew in back galley were sad and angry. On the positive side, SIA 777-300 has spacious toilets. Entertainment system is good and seat is spacious enough for the class. All in all, MUC flights are out of Singapore Airlines pattern. I read review of another passenger in this forum also travelling to MUC and found to be negative. I have made some good experiences on thier other sectors and based on it, I do recommend Singapore Airlines. I hope SIA will rectify the crew issue on this segment and hear the plight in catering segment for Premium Economy on all segments.
  Melbourne to Mumbai via Singapore. My recent journey with Singapore Airlines was really great, the crew was friendly and helpful.  Me and wife were traveling with 1 year old baby and we felt like one of the staff was appointed specially to us. We are very happy with the service. Thank you Singapore Airlines. I would give 10/10 for service, but I have to give only 7/10 for flight as it was very old and noisy flight .
  Seoul to Melbourne via Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Both sectors of this trip were fantastic. I rated all aspects of the flight experience very highly. Starting from the smooth check-in to the high quality food served at the lounges to the care from the flight crew. The meals were very good especially when the 'Book the chef' option is used. It's worth noting that the business class suites on the Boeing 777-300ER was newer than the ones on A380-800 but despite having a few more features (incl. newer AVOD and more storage compartments) both were really comfortable and spacious.
  Singapore to New York via Frankfurt. I have flown the SIN-NYC route 4 times in the last 15 months. In my earlier trips, I flew with a large European carrier and two different Middle Eastern carriers. I last flown SQ on this route over 8 years ago so I can compare the recent experience with that from 8 years ago. The main thing to me that distinguished SQ service from competitors is cabin crew service. One thing which I felt was lacking though is the smiles that SQ's crew used to be famous for. Some of the more senior staff still has that touch and could make a positive impression but increasingly, I noticed in my last 8 or so flights on SQ in the past 12 months, that the crew are no longer as at ease or friendly as they used to be. A small minority seem a little indifferent which drags SQ reputation down. Their service adds a shine to the brand even though the hardware is not as impressive as the Middle Eastern carriers. A380 feels older compared with the B787s and A350s that many airlines are now using. Despite the older planes, I find the generous seat width a life saver. Other details include lights under the IFE screens which gave good coverage for each passenger's immediate area but do not disturb surrounding passengers. Another detail is the foot pedal activated trash bins in the toilets, helps not having to push the bin's lids using our hands. There was good crew presence throughout the entire flight. The food portion is generous and quality better than other carriers I have flown. I can't wait to experience the A350 on this route, and hopefully the cabin crew will be better trained and motivated.
  London Heathrow to Singapore. Was expecting more but very good all the same. Never flown Singapore Airlines for some reason. Used the United Airlines lounge at LHR T2 as better facilities, great breakfast and bar. Boarding ontime. Boeing 777-300ER with new business but not that new now. Took row 11 bulkhead, feet forward as opposed to angle. Great space for Business class with 1-2-1 seating. Far bigger than British Airways F seats. First Cabin of business only 3 rows so intimate. Being an early morning service brunch was served. A little too quickly for my liking virtually immediately after levelling out. Preordered book the cook Lobster , very good. Service and quality of food excellent. Cabin staff attentive if a little sterile. My TV system wouldn't work for a few hours. Crew tried hard to rectify and offered to move our seats. FInally got it working all ok. Flight services director appeared later with a SGD200 voucher for the inconvenience. That is good customer service. Slept for 4 hours. Breakfast prior arrival SIN good, arrived early. All in all great hard product, good food and service.
  From boarding in Dusseldorf to reaching Changi, everything went smooth. We were greeted by professional well-presented crew.  Upon reach my seat in Premium Economy I wanted to take photo of my seat, where a cabin crew delightfully approached if she can take a picture for me while sitting and said "it is great to have you on-board Sir and I would like to assure that your special meal is loaded". We left DUS in time. The service followed with hot towel, drinks and nuts and meals. Using book the cook service means getting your meal before your fellow passengers. The meal was okay and we were offered three choices of warm bread and big selection of fancy drinks. After meals, they served ice cream but missed on me, where a crew assured that they are not offering it to me since I am vegetarian and ice cream contains gelatine. Since it was a day flight, crew was actively anticipating needs and were very busy serving to a group of very demanding passengers in economy. This flight had dedicated crew for Premium Economy and they came around at least 3 times to assure if everything is fine. Many rounds of snacks in a basket and drinks on tray and crew looked enthusiastic, service minded and very friendly. We were made to feel like welcomed guests. I walked to see economy class, the crew were happy to chat about A350 product.  The aircraft by itself is very quiet, quieter than B787 and toilets are spaciously planned and were kept clean. The air ventilation can be really felt and cabin design made me feel relaxed. The Captain announced turbulence, and crew walked through the cabin to ensure we have fastened seatbelts. Before landing, breakfast was served and immigration cards handed out. We landed in time and I left the aircraft as a happy passenger with a feeling that this was my best flight ever.
  Singapore to London Heathrow. I've flown Singapore Airlines in Economy Class long haul several times and been satisfied. On this occasion I decided to opt for Premium Economy. I was flying from Auckland to London via Singapore but the first leg was on Air New Zealand, and I recommend their Premium Economy service. Singapore Airlines seats have a bit more space and legroom than Economy, and the in-flight entertainment screens are bigger, but otherwise everything was identical to Economy class. I'm a vegetarian and I had the exact same two meals I had in Economy class three weeks earlier, and I didn't enjoy them the first time around. My companion ordered the "book the cook" and his meals seemed better quality, but none of the available options were vegetarian. For the breakfast service they completely forgot to offer us a drink. The service was bored and impersonal throughout, the flight attendants were rushing around and didn't smile. The toilets are shared with Economy class. For sleeping I didn't find the seats significantly more comfortable than regular Economy and the fixed central console means you can't stretch out over any adjacent empty seats. That said I'm only 5'3", my 6'1" companion did appreciate the extra legroom. The entertainment selection is extensive and the noise cancelling headphones good. However, we were in the front bulkhead seats and the screens were set on the wall ahead of and were too high for comfortable viewing, there are also irritating advertisements ahead of each programme. All-in-all extremely disappointed, didn't feel I got value-for-money compared to regular Economy class. This experience has really put me off flying Singapore Airlines again.
  Copenhagen to Brisbane via Singapore. SAS Lounge in CPN comfortable and food looked OK, was not sure re wine out of a tap and so left this alone. The only other alcohol in the Business Class lounge was beer. Flight left on time and crew started working down one side of the Business Class cabin almost immediately, the other side took substantially longer. In any case the crew were helpful, the food was fine and the seat comfortable. Wine was good and topped up. A short stay in the lounge at Changi T3 and then re-boarded the same plane at the same gate (different flight number). Crew still fine but food was not up to scratch, the steak was very overcooked to the point of being really tough. The vegetables were mush, I didn't eat much and the crew member asked if I wanted anything else but I went to sleep instead. Supper coming into Brisbane was better. Waited 25 minutes for one bag in BNE, the other didn't arrive. Filled in the details at the airport. Have not heard back, no one answers the baggage service phone although you can leave a message that no one responds to as well. Calling Singapore Airlines they give you the number for Menzies Aviation that you have already called, they also mentioned that they would call back but have not. The online bag track system has had the same message on it for 6 days. In all the standard here is not commensurate with the full business class fare paid. The main advantage of the flights was being able to sleep, arriving on time is good but not when you are without your luggage and the follow up is so poor.
  Singapore to Munich. A recently renovated 777-300 was exceptionally comfortable and provided the basis for an excellent trip if only the crew had cared. All crew members were well presented as always but those serving my part of the cabin showed a low level of enthusiasm about their jobs. It started with a 40 minute wait for a glass of wine and water, there was a similar 40 minute wait for a coffee in the morning. Offered a regular meal as opposed to the special meal I had pre-ordered at both dinner and breakfast, indicated that they weren't paying much attention. Not called by name once, just "sir" with a half hearted apology at dinner re the offer of the initial meal and then when asked if I would like desert a pointed response to me when asking what it was, being told "I have no idea, you ordered a special meal". Dinner was very watery as I don't think that the water from the vegetables had been drained and so the gravy was more like a soup. Breakfast omelette was cold. After I asked for the regular cereal to be taken away, I think that they began heating the special meal I had ordered only at this point. When it was served 10 minutes later half of it was cold to the point of being refrigerated. Not offered water between meals, had to go to the galley each time. While not the fault of the airline, it was topped off by a nearly two hour wait at customs. There was no immigration officer at the "crew only" queue and the crew went through our queue so they were off long before the passengers. We were behind a very slow moving contingent of Air China passengers. By the time I got to the baggage so much time had elapsed our flight was no longer listed and had to go to the Lufthansa bag desk to find out which carousel to go to. Landed at about 6:00 am and was in a taxi at about 9:00 am, which is far too long. The slow processing on arrival in Munich reflected the poor quality of the whole experience. Luckily the seat was so comfortable I had slept really well.
  Singapore Airlines is dropping their lead over other airlines. While service is still consistent as it was for many years, nothing has changed and the food is everytime getting worse. I have flown Singapore Airlines in last 2 months a few times and the main courses offered I could not eat them and left them. No question asked of course. Being the most expensive and for long time leading they better watch or they will soon have tough competition.
  Singapore to Jakarta return. I always had a good experience on Singapore Airlines, until December 4 and again December 8, 2016. I flew from Singapore to Jakarta and then back to Singapore. When I booked, I gave SIA my United Mileage Plus account number so I could get credit for the two short flights. I was told it was in my profile and even showed up on my two boarding passes for both flights. When a month went by and I did not see any credit in my UA Mileage Plus account for the two SIA flights, I contacted Mileage Plus to look into it. I was told by UA that I was not getting credit because my flights were in K class economy, and that was ineligible to get miles on United, even though SIA is a Star Alliance Partner. I then took my complaint to SIA who told me something I had never heard of "when you book in K, V, Q or N Class you only get miles on SIA." What? I flew on the plane, I paid for my ticket and SIA only gives miles for their Kris Flyer program? Lame, .stupid and unfair. Part of my flights to Singapore, part of my trip was on ANA and they gave me full mileage credit on UA Mileage Plus for the NRT-SIN leg. I will never fly Singapore Airlines again.
  Frankfurt to Singapore. Superb product! Right from boarding till reaching Changi. Boarding began in time and orderly, zone wise boarding which helped in quick boarding and we left within 25 minutes considering it was a fairly full flight. We were greeted by delightful and genuine crew. The aircraft was clean and business class is the best I have seen. Premium economy seats are very comfortable with lots of options to store gadgets, charging point, usb port and big hd screen with many options. As soon as we were airborne, hot towel service followed by snack and drink followed by meals. I used the cook the book service, passengers using such option are served first, this doesn't allow you to dine with your fellow passengers unless you wait. Usual meal service was hurried and crew seemed to be in stress as economy in back was completely booked out. The meal by itself was okay. For premium economy I would have expected to be elaborate. Trays were collected after a while and rolled down service. After some hours I tried thier snack service, crew delightfully greeted and opened snack options and gave me more than requested. Fresh fruits, sandwiches, chocolate waffles and crisps. The crew was also courteous enough to inquire if they could do anything so that I can sleep for a while. I also noticed that crew went through cabin couple of times to anticipate our needs. Although captain announced turbulence and turned on seatbelt sign, crew walked through cabin with torch to check seat belts and ensured we fasten it. They even fasten seat belts for passengers who were sleeping, never seen such care on another airline. Breakfast was served before landing and immigration cards were handed in time. At all times, crew were caring and meticulously dressed. I am very impressed by Singapore Airlines and thier product. Definately my first option to Asia. 
  Singapore to San Francisco. I have an email with my itinerary showing the flight is from Singapore to San Francisco. There are no words about a 1hr 30 mins stop in Hong Kong. Only today I realized the flight is through Hong Kong. If I had known that, I wouldn't choose this company at all. The agent was surprised to see my itinerary as it clearly shows this is a direct flight. 
  Perth to Munich via Singapore. This is a review of the flight SQ328 from Singapore to Munich on 10th February. The ordeal started in Singapore. While the flight was not marked as delayed, the departure time had been pushed back by 35 minutes on the airport screens. When I inquired, the answer was that "we are using the first available aircraft". Nice indeed. Singapore Airlines obviously works under the premise that changing departure times because of missing aircraft does not mean a delay. The flight boarded in accordance with the displayed delayed departure time. However, once on board, nothing happened at the departure time. No announcements were made. After inquiring again, the captain condescended to make an announcement that he was waiting for other passengers to join the flight. When inquiring a 3rd time what additional time we would be looking at, I got told that the captain is unable to tell. After an estimated 15 additional passengers had come in during additional 45 minutes of waiting, the aircraft finally taxied out to the runway. However, while several other aircraft passed us and took off, we were sitting in a parking spot next to the runway. This time an announcement was made that we "have a few aircraft ahead of us" - after about 20 minutes, the captain told us that his flight plan had expired and the route to Munich had been closed because of the long time we waited for other passengers. The result was that we had to taxi back to the gate from which we had left, in order to get a new flight plan and refuel the aircraft. This exercise cost another hour. In summary, it may be justified to wait for connecting passengers from delayed flights. However, the captain should have communicated honestly and, in particular, never taxied out to the runway. It is unprofessional and proves utmost incompetence to do this without a robust flight plan. He could have easily obtained an adjusted flight plan while we were sitting at the gate waiting for the connecting passengers from delayed flights. His lack of planning and anticipation skills are very concerning from a passengers's view. What does the guy do if anything unforeseen happens in the air? To add to the picture, the aircraft was worn, old and super noisy. The service in the back of the cabin was slow and disappointing when compared to previous Singapore Airlines standards. This was the second encounter of disappointing Singapore Airlines service in four flights on my recent trip. Things seem to go south at Singapore Airlines. In general, I question the justification of SQ having a five star airline rating.
  Singapore to Chennai return. The outbound flight was excellent in terms of being on time, the inflight service was impeccable. The seafood that I normally order was very very good. The flight crew were friendly and helpful as I needed some help with ordering in flight duty free goods. On the return from Chennai to Singapore, the service during the flight was bad. The cabin crew with their robotic attitude were interested to finish the service as soon as possible, to disappear from sight. Other than that I do not have any complaint to make.
  Perth to Vientiane via Singapore. Beware the stopover with Singapore Airlines. My husband flew straight home from Laos but the rest of us - myself and our 3 teenagers - decided to stay in Singapore for 4 nights. I would have thought the national airline would be encouraging passengers to stay and spend money in their country. We were charged an extra $437.50 per person to do this. On emailing and phoning the airline on several occasions the explanation given was the flights were a different code. With further enquiry I was told that departure tax was part of the cost. This, when asked, amounted to about $30 each! So I won't be flying with Singapore Airlines again and suggest you check the cost of your tickets to see how much extra you will be paying to stayover
  Sydney to London Heathrow via Singapore. I normally fly China Southern business class from Sydney to London and I pay for the tickets myself as I fly to the UK to see my parents and family. This year my father turns 90 in February so I am flying to London twice this year and in order to save $2000 I decided that one flight had to be an economy one. Not being able to face true economy I booked a Premium economy seat with Singapore Airlines. I have flown Premium economy with other airlines over the years, Qantas, BA and Virgin Atlantic (when they still flew to Oz). Firstly having booked the ticket with an online travel agent I went on to the Singapore Airlines internet site and was able to select my seat and Book the Chef meals. 10 out of 10 for their on-line presence, easy to use compared with China Southern which is a nightmare. At the airport no queue for the dedicated Premium economy checkin. Staff member very polite. No lounge access but Sydney Airport has plenty of places to sit comfortably and is not too busy. Boarding was a breeze as Premium economy have priority with Business and First. On the plane the FAs were all smiles and assisted passengers with their luggage and that's something I haven't seen for a while. Boarding was swift on both sectors, the captains introduced themselves and we left on time. Soon after the seat belt sign went off the drinks were served. I prefer being given a minature gin and can of tonic rather than just being served it in a glass. Also no slice of lemon. The meal service came next all served on one tray. The quality of the food was good, but very small and no different from economy. Throughout the flight FAs came around with water and if a passenger wanted a drink or snack they were provided. The FAs were always polite and friendly and came when requested. I never drink much alcohol when flying so the water was adequate. we arrived early on both sectors, disembarkation was quick. My flight cost A$3100 return, an economy ticket on the same flights A$1300, a China Southern Business Class ticket A$4800 if booked at the same time. So there is the rub was it worth it. Well yes and no. The seat is more comfortable, even with the seat in front fuly reclined I still had space, the screen is large and clear and the available entertainment exhaustive. The problem arises when the Singapore Airlines product is compared to the likes of Qantas, it just doen't feel special. There are no seperate toilets, the food is the same as economy, during the flight the curtain between Premium economy and economy is not even closed. In other words all you are buying is a bigger seat with more space, an ecomomy plus rather than a Premium Economy and is that worth the extra A$1800. I don't think so. If I could have my time again I think I would either spend the extra A$1700 and fly business with China Southern or have stopped over on each direction with $1800 to spend on hotels and entertainment.
  Tokyo Haneda to Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Old Boeing 777-300 but refurbished. PTVs are not the latest ones, no touchscreen but good picture quality. Good service, but cost cutting measures were too apparent. SIA used to gorgeously serve meals to economy passengers. Now, the big meal tray comes with only one small box of mains, another super tiny box of salad, one piece of cold bread and that's it. They also need to increase speed of in flight meal. Learn from other airlines such as United and Air China. They are super 'meh' airline companies but their speed of conducting meal service is admirable.
  Singapore to Paris CDG. It's been nearly 5 years since I last flew SIA and although just a single flight so far, I was bitterly disappointed. A380 business class section was looking a bit tired, seats worn and not the standards I remember. The biggest shock was how poor the cabin staff service was, almost from start to finish. Yes, they got the service done, but there wasn't a single smile or sign of expected service courtesy, they appeared bored and wanting to finish as quickly as they could. I fly a lot of other airlines around Asia, and whilst many of them have gotten much better in recent times, things seem to have gone the other way for SIA. Have the return flight next week and will update after that.
  Singapore to Copenhagen. I usually fly this route with Singapore Airlines and have found my satisfaction declining with their offer lately. There was over a one and a half hour delay to our departure with no apology from the captain or crew when we landed in Copenhagen. There was quite some turbulence on this flight and the plane appeared to be struck by lightning at one point which was also not commented on by the captain despite many passengers being visibly shaken by the experience. The Boeing 777-200 had an old interior with the entertainment system not working on my seat nor those of my two companions. The interiors of these planes are simply not up to standard for a 5-star airline and are well overdue for their scheduled upgrade. The crew were courteous and attentive and regularly came through the cabin with refreshments.
  Manchester to Houston. Boarding, food, space of seats, customer service etc all excellent. 10/10 and will use again. I booked this flight as it was good value and a direct flight for our trip. First time using Singapore Airlines and would say they are the best airline I have been on. Looked after so well on the flight. Even getting different seat options to give us more space. Just great service. 
  I flew on Singapore Airlines (SQ) from Sydney to Chennai via Singapore last December. This was my first time on SQ and was quite excited about the journey as I had heard a lot about them. General: All my flights were on-time infact some arriving a bit earlier. The seat allocation in manage booking was restrictive when compared to competitors. I wanted to allocate a window seat and it was showing as all the seats were taken. Luckily when I checked-in, it showed one window seat on each sector and I was able to take it. Not sure why SQ should make it complicated. I do understand they have to block some seats to cater to their frequent flyers etc.. but that doesn't mean you block the whole flight. Value for money: The ticket prices are on the higher side compared to competitors. However, I am willing to pay for quality hence I would opt for SQ. Ground service: Ground staff in both Sydney and Singapore were friendly and the check-in process was smooth. Seat comfort: The seats were spacious. Though I am average sized I felt even a bigger person would be able to sit comfortably. Cabin staff service: Cabin crew are one of the friendliest in the world. Prompt service. My only disappointment was when a request was made for some additional alcoholic drink (within usual limits in a competitor), I got a feeling that the crew were not enthusiastic. I am not sure whether this is due to the airline policy or it was the cabin crew's perspective. Also when you request a spirit, its taken like a special order which will come after a while. Ideally they are supposed to have it along with the other drinks (like other competitors do) and should be served instantly. Food & beverages: The quality of food was excellent. The quantity could be a bit more but I will live with it. Inflight entertainment: One of their weakest points. In this current era of touch screens, we have to use remote control on both their A380 and A330-300 fleet. Also the choice of movies are very limited, a cheap take-away earphone and outdated software. I wouldn't mind if they provide a better headset and collect it at the end of the flight. I have read that their retrofitted B777-300ER and A350-900 come with touch screens. But that doesn't help anyone as A380 and A330-300 still forms a bulk of their fleet and are deployed on key routes. As an aviation enthusiast I used to enjoy the onboard camera with a competitor, unfortunately its not available on SQ. Cabin Wifi: The rates are really expensive when compared to some of the competitors. It didn't also work for a good part of the journey. I am aware there are restricted zones but I have flown on the similar route with another competitor and haven't had much issues with the Wifi. Overall, I would fly Singapore Airlines again and hopefully some of the above issues may be resolved with more A350's being delivered.
  Melbourne to Singapore. I have for the second time in 2 years lost my baggage. This time I arrived last night and my baggage never appeared on the carousel. I went to report it missing to be told that I didn't check in any baggage. I flew with two fellow workers who verified that I did (not sure why they didn't believe me) and I left my details. After numerous calls in the morning, I was told my baggage had turned up on another carousel at T3, and they would call me when it was being delivered. That was early this morning, it is now 4.30pm and I cannot get though to the "hot line" to check if they could give me an approximate time, no joy there either. Shocking service, for an airline that's talks up its service mantra. I travel constantly and if I wasn't coming home I would have been stranded..
 Copenhagen to Singapore. Normally I fly BA, but this was the most direct flight to our final destination. My first time traveling Singapore Airlines in business and it was in a class of its own. Attention to detail was incredible, food tasted and looked great and the seat (even though it was there 'old' seat) was so wide and comfortable it was great for lounging and sleeping. The crew were super attentive but I feel they lack in making conversation. IFE I felt could also be improved but these are minor details for an otherwise impeccable flight.
 It was my first time aboard the new Singapore Airlines A350. Although it was a very short flight between Kuala Lumpur to Singapore, it was fantastic. The A350 cabin seems very bright and spacious, the Singapore Airlines design is elegant and modern. The crew was outstandingly friendly and professional and made this short hop one of the best flights I've ever taken.
  
Flew Singapore Airlines from Sydney to Singapore. A380 Closed Suites were amazing. The privacy, the special meal, which was Boston Lobster in my case and the Noise canceling headphones gave me enough comfort to take a nap, watch a movie and write a journal about the 5 days that I've spent in Sydney Australia before boarding this flight. Very comfortable and completely hassle free. The flight attendants were there anytime I needed and Seat 1A was great. 
  The flight was below usual Singapore Airlines standards. It was a first generation Boeing 777-200 fitted with outdated seats, personal tv screens etc. Even the business Class seat was at least 10+ years old recliner. Service was quick and food was ok. I did not feel to get the level of service you would expect when you pay extra money to fly Singapore Airlines.
  Flight from London Heathrow to Singapore. I had booked the flight through a partner airline and had made several attempts to arrange an aisle seat prior to the flight, however as it was a full flight, this was not possible. However, the airline did assign seats prior to the departure, which was helpful. I have flown with Singapore Airlines several times, and can't fault their inflight crew, who are helpful and try to accommodate any requests. Is one of my preferred airline for bookings in the future.
 Moscow to Sydney via Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Our airplane had a technical issue on the Moscow to Singapore (A350 SQ361) leg. Passengers were kept inside of the airplane for 6 hours while the plane remained on the ground in Moscow airport. SQ did not arrange return of passengers back to the terminal. Neither hot meal was served onboard only a pack of chips within 6 hours. Crew provided little and infrequent information. Some passengers panicked and disembarked. We missed our connecting flight to Sydney and had to spend an extra 9 hours waiting for the next flight. As a result of the delay I was supposed to go to work straight from the airport after 38 hours of the prolonged journey. The airline asked me to write a detailed letter describing what happened. I spent my time and did that. In return I received a standard email with apologies.
  Bangkok to Singapore return. I had little to no queue at the check-in counters at both Bangkok and Singapore airports. Boarding was orderly and in accordance to the boarding group indicated on the tickets. In Bangkok, the staff hold up clear signs indicating doors to use by premium passengers and economy passengers. The A330 was quite new and comfortable. The screen for the IFE is large and has plenty of movies and programmes available. Two options were available for meals and in both journeys, I got my choice of meal despite sitting in the last row. I opted for the red chicken curry for the outgoing flight and stir fried pork with fried rice for the return flight. Both delicious and portions adequate. Although the seats were in the last row, they were able to recline with some room to spare before hitting the wall. The toilets were near the last row of seats but they were positioned further back, toward the galley area. Cabin crew worked hard on this 2 hour flight with hot towels given at the beginning of the flight and a meal service with coffee/tea run after the meal. One thing useful is the foot pedal that is attached to the toilet trashbins. This is a feature I have not seen on some new planes of other airlines. Toilets were well stocked.
  Brisbane to Singapore and the experience was a pleasant one from the very first welcome. I am overjoyed that Singapore Airlines has reinstated the lager B777-200ER on this route especially in Business Class as it provides a 1-2-1 layout, with the long haul business class product rather than the 2-2-2 regional layout. The crew was very attentive and welcoming, taking meal orders before take off. Food was excellent as were drinks.On the overnight flight you have the choice of either a meal after take off or before landing. I choose mine after take off wanting to sleep. I was awake for breakfast and was offered the continental breakfast. The IFE on this plane is a little bit older as is most notciable on the flight path screen and the old remote, but still an excellent selection. The flight was 45 minutes ahead of schedule because of strong tail winds.
  
Singapore Airlines new route Singapore - Canberra - Wellington - Canberra - Singapore. Flights to and from Singapore are overnight flights departing 23.00 from Singapore and midnight from Canberra to Singapore. Old plane but has 34 inch pitch in economy, heaven compared to other airlines 31-32 inches. Seats are quite firm but a good 19 inches wide. In both directions the meal is only a snack with a drink after takeoff, served really quickly to be able to turn the lights off. Extra drinks only on request. This allows Wellington passengers to get some sleep as they have already had a 3 hour flight to Canberra and a 1 hour transit. Breakfast is generous served with coffee and tea refills. The other bonus for this flight for Canberra residents is not having to get to Sydney or Melbourne and not having to deal with Sydney airport. For many Canberra residents it is only a fifteen minute drive to Canberra airport, check in is fast as it is the only flight out. With internet check in it is a bag drop. You can leave home two hours before take off and be in the departure lounge with time for a drink before boarding.
  Amsterdam to Singapore. I was looking forward to fly the A350. After booking the flight I received an offer to upgrade to Premium Economy, but I rejected after reading a number of reviews. The flight was departing behind schedule due to passengers who did not turn up and a time consuming de-icing process. I am glad I did not take the Premium Economy upgrade offer. Walking through the Premium Economy section during boarding I did not experience much added value by looking at the hard product, compared to Y. The seats look pretty narrow as well and not that much pitch. The business seats look great though. The Economy product is very nice in my opinion. Seats are maybe a little bit narrower than in the Boeing 777-300, but the pitch was good (I am 1.80m tall, enough space), decent recline and a huge entertainment touch screen which was awesome. The cabin felt spacious because of the high ceilings. Also higher humidity. Great aircraft! I was very dissapointed in the cabin noise level.  Yes, take off was less noisy but not during the flight itself. I think it will be less noisy in front of the aircraft but not sure about that. Customer service was good (not exceptional) and the meals were delicious.  One of the best meals ever had on a plane. I appreciate the metal cutlery and hot towel cloths. Overall, it was a great flight and I am looking forward to the next one! And I made my connection flight (which was very tight) thanks to the very efficient airport of Changi.
  Singapore to Houston via Manchester. Flight left Singapore on time and cabin crew provided hot towel followed by drink and light supper after take off.  FAs patrol the cabin with water, juice and snack runs every 15-30 minutes and very helpful when I requested additional drinks. They turned the lights back on and started the hot towel, drinks and Breakfast service before we arrived in Manchester. Flight deck communication was adequate; we know we were ahead of schedule and can expect that Manchester is foggy and cold when we arrived. Entertainment system was a slightly older one without touch screen but still contains more than enough movies, TV series and games to keep passengers entertained. The flight left Manchester behind schedule but arrived on time in Houston. Fresh set of crew got on board from Manchester going to Houston. There is one FA that we knew from our previous flight 2 weeks back between SIN-CGK; back then she mentioned she'll be in this flight and she was! She was one of the better crew members in our past flight and her bright and cheerful personality shines through in this flight as well. Even though other FAs in this flight to Houston were also polite, courteous and helpful as expected, but most of them were not as personable and does not exude a warm personality in giving their service. Most of the FA on this flight tends to give mechanical service and you can feel that they are here to perform as expected, but missing the part where they should be able to engage their customers in a more personal way. However they did a great job in providing their services throughout the flight, keeping us full with three meal services and drink-snacks in between, also keeping the restrooms clean and well-stocked. Flight deck communications are adequate; we were informed about possible turbulences along the way so we can prepare, the time we will be arriving in Houston and also the local weather informations.
  Jakarta to Singapore on the A350-900 (9V-SMD). Check-in was quick since we checked in online and arrived early. Flight left Jakarta slightly behind schedule but arrived on time in Singapore. Flight attendants provided quick lunch service and two drink runs in a short flight (1 hour 20 minutes). Even though they were still very polite and courteous, the FA on this particular flight were not as energized or cheerful as other flights we were in. Entertainment system uses touchscreen system that is very easy to use with lots of choices. Restrooms were clean. Minimum communications from flight deck; we didn't get announcement on which terminal in Singapore we will arrive in and local weather conditions like they usually broadcast before arrival. We have a connecting flight in Singapore from Terminal 3, so I asked several FA for arrival information and they didn't know either. I finally got the informations I needed on arrival terminal (Terminal 2) after looking at the system generated flight informations in the entertainment system; and even informing the FA on this.
  Singapore to Jakarta on an A350-900 (9V-SMD). Flight left behind schedule. We waited for like 30+ minutes after scheduled departure time on ground in Singapore before push back to avoid getting trapped in air traffic congestion in Jakarta. Excellent communication from Flight Deck. Flight Attendants on this flight worked hard, providing lunch service with two drink runs on a full flight for such a short flight (1 hour 20 minutes). FAs were very cheerful and polite. I pre-ordered in-flight merchandise (aircraft models) and they brought it to me before the flight lands. Aircraft was a new A350, the cabin was bright and airy. and large windows adding to a sense of space. Entertainment using the latest touchscreen which is very easy and fun to use.  Only gripe I had was one piece of our luggage was stranded in Singapore and didn't make it on our flight, but after checking with SQ baggage service person in Jakarta we were told that it will arrive on the next flight from Singapore 2.5 hours later. The issue with the delayed/misplaced bag happened most likely because we were connecting in Singapore an hour before this flight from our previous flight from Houston.
  Houston to Singapore via Manchester on Boeing 77-300ER (9V-SWH). Check-in process at Houston Bush was just OK; they were not as fast or efficient as Qatar check-in next door. Houston to Manchester flight left relatively on time. Cabin Service was great, the FAs did quick hot towel, drinks and dinner service right after take off, and they also provided a birthday cake for my son as was requested. Good communication from the flight deck when there was turbulence coming up so everybody's prepared. Afterwards they dimmed the cabin lights so passengers can rest. FAs worked hard; they kept patrolling the cabin with water and juice runs every 15-30 minutes or so throughout the night, and occasional snack runs too (sandwiches, chocolate, fruits). Had breakfast before we landed, and arrived at Manchester ahead of schedule. Manchester to Singapore flight left behind schedule but they catch up and arrived on time in Singapore. Fresh set of crew from Manchester provided excellent service; the FA offered three meal services throughout the 13 hours flight (Breakfast, Lunch and light Supper) plus snack and drinks in between. We're kept full at all times with good food choices. Leading FA engaged me to ensure that my son had had his birthday cake as requested, even offering another one for this leg, which we politely refused (his birthday was already over!). Good communication from flight deck regarding arriving terminal and local weather. Cabin crew on both legs ensure that the restrooms were always cleaned and in pristine condition. Entertainment system was easy to use, a slightly older version without touch screen, and even though it may not have an obscenely extensive entertainment choice like Emirates, they have a large collection of movies and TV series including new releases that is more than enough to keep you entertained throughout both legs. Overall an excellent flight.

**DOING
  Melbourne to London return via Singapore. Have always Singapre Airlines with high regard until my most recent trip to London. When we booked in January 2015, we could not book premium economy on the MEL to SIN leg, as at that time there was no premium economy on this leg. This has now changed but only on some flights. MEL to SIN in Economy, an older plane with inflight entertainment screen to boot. The screen was awful, so if you flying on another SIA flight, hold back and watch the movies you want to watch on a better screen. Service was very average, IFE was poor, food was very poor. Singapore to London in Premium Economy The only advantage in taking premium economy is the seat pitch and thats it. This is a very poor attempt at premium economy and it is a complete rip off. Inflight entertainment was poor, a much larger screen, so great for movies, the only plus. My small hand held control panel did not work. The entertainment system kept resetting itself at the end of every movie or programme. One ear in the headphones did not work. Service was poor - In premium economy you are placed in front of economy and behind business class. The service is provided by the economy cabin staff. Could not call for service as my hand held control panel did not work. The toilets are down in economy, none near premium economy. Food was very Poor -  Economy class food. The only reason why I've given a score of 2 is because they have the book the cook service, but that is still economy class standard food. Remember, you are paying double the price for this seat. Flight arrived 25 minutes late. Return legs London to Singapore in premium economy was exactly the same but this time the entertainment system kept resetting itself, the headphones worked and so did the hand held control panel. Singapore to Melbourne in Economy - the breakfast on economy is as poor as you get with airline food. A cold bread roll, hard cold butter, cold muffin, cold unripe fruit.  The TV screen on this plane was up to date but still had issues with it freezing. We had a seat between us, so basically it was the same as flying premium economy but without paying twice the price. I had made a complaint to SQ a month before flying and this complaint has not been responded to. On all counts SQ have really dropped the ball. I would not recommend Singapore Airlines, especially if you are looking to fly premium economy.
  San Francisco to Singapore. A good experience on Singapore Airlines with a few hiccups. We got the middle seat to ourselves in economy which made the 16.5 hour journey quite pleasant. The nicest part of this flight is the actual aircraft. The A350 makes such non stop flights easy on the body. A plus for Singapore Airlines for including this in their fleet. Service standards are good, but quite often I feel that SQ have a pretty rushed and least patient service on the San Francisco route. The cabin was overall clean but there was some muck above my window which I had to clean. Biggest disappointment was when I asked for the Singapore immigration card and the crew member told me they hadn't brought any on the flight. 2 hours later another crew member started offering them. An apology for the error was not forthcoming which was the actual annoyance.
  An excellent flight with Singapore Airlines from Wellington to Canberra. The flight attendants were exceptionally friendly, professional and attentive. The food was also very good. The seat was perfectly adequate for the three hour flight and looked ok for an overnight service. If I did have one complaint, it would be that the cabin was uncomfortably warm. The flight left on time, arrived early and I was out the front door of Canberra airport ten minutes after touch down, a great new option between the capital cities that I look forward to using on a regular basis.

  We flew Singapore Airlines from Surabaya to Singapore for Christmas and New Year holidays. Our flight was delayed by approximately 15 minutes due to traffic congestion at Juanda International Airport. Despite the delay, we landed on time at Changi International Airport. The services on the ground and in the air were fantastic and the meals were quite tasty. We were very happy to fly with Singapore Airlines and will continue to use it.
  London to Singapore return, and the Premium Economy experience was very poor. Despite booking some months in advance, they neglected to allocate us any seats together and our party of 4 was distributed throughout the cabin. The seat configuration is 2-4-2 and there are no toilets specifically for Premium Economy. Rather than a separate cabin curtained off, Premium Economy is just the front section of the economy section. The seats were functional and inflight entertainment good but seat pitch is less than Air NZ. The food was terrible. We used the "book the cook" option on the return flight and this was no better, though they did manage to accomodate an allergy in our group. The staff were unfriendly and snacks on the 14 hour flight (2 meals were offered, the second 6 hours before arrival) had to be requested via the call button. The flight arrived early and the plane was quite new but would not fly Singapore Airlines again long haul.

 Melbourne to London via Singapore. If you book on line make sure to read all 20 pages of the Terms and Conditions. I have been an Elite Gold KrisFlyer member for 15 years and have previously considered Singapore Airlines as one of my preferred airlines. Not any more. All I wanted to do was buy an Economy Class ticket and use points to upgrade to business class (my daughter was the passenger). So I went on line and selected the cabin class that allowed upgrades. The web site showed a tick that this was possible and the ticket that I subsequently purchased likewise confirmed that class E tickets are eligible for upgrades. What they don't tell you is that upgrades are only permissible to the next available cabin class and that as most international flights have a Premium Economy cabin you can not upgrade from regular economy to business class. This little known rule is buried deep in the terms and conditions (section F, para 24, sub section a)) which almost nobody ever reads, it is 20+ pages long. And if you want your money back then there is a $200 cancellation fee. I have cut up my Elite Gold card and will never fly with Singapore Airlines again.
  New York to Chiang Mai return via Singapore booked for March 2017. Days after making the reservation well in advance (through Orbitz), I was notified of a minor change in schedule. No problem. A couple of days later I received another change, this one a 22 hour flight delay requiring almost a full extra day of travel spent in Singapore. Singapore Airlines policy gave me these choices: Accept the change (ridiculous), or provide them with 3 alternatives in order of preference. They then choose which one you will fly. The passenger cannot choose and have that choice confirmed. Or cancel the ticket (full refund) and start over. In this case, no other same-day flight Singapore to Chiang Mai was available, so the alternatives reduced to an extra connecting flight through Bangkok, losing 2 hours, or extra connecting flight through Bangkok, losing 4 hours, or connection through Hong Kong and losing approximately 15 hours in transit. But if you say okay to these choices "you could end up with any one of them", and all are inferior to the original reservation. I cancelled, and will not be booking this airline again. This magnitude of change is inexcusable and the subsequent policy absurd.
 Singapore to Auckland with Singapore Airlines. This was one of the worst flights I have ever flown. The Premium Economy area was terrible. Firstly, no toilets specifically for Premium Economy. We had to use Economy Class. The seats were ok but, when the person in front reclined their seats, we could not move. My husband's seat in fact was broken. The service was terrible - the worst I have experienced in 45 years of travelling. The food was awful and service was too rushed. The staff were unfriendly.  We will not be flying Singapore Airlines again.
  Tokyo to Jakarta via Singapore. Exceptional, but not in a good way. Missed connecting flight to Jakarta due to afternoon typhoon in Singapore. Plane from Tokyo landed in Batam, Indonesia instead, flew back to Singapore in three hours. Same issue happened once due to technical problem, but apparently SIA always tries their best not to compensate me with business class seats, even though I missed my flight because of their problems and I have been their gold member for 4 years now. I was compensated only with another economy class seat and SGD 15 meal voucher that I can only redeem at limited number of food outlets at Changi airport, and most of them are too random (food not looking good at all). They have been also been doing this cost cutting in the economy class meals by not giving appetizers anymore. FAs never happy when I order some special drinks even though they are on the menu. If SIA wants to do some cost cutting or what not, they should have made it less obvious, especially to loyal customers, otherwise loyal customers will look for other cost-effective Star Alliance carriers. Their ticket price for the same route is a lot more expensive compared to some other Star Alliance such as ANA and Asiana Airlines.
  First time I've flown with Singapore Airlines and they didn't let us down. Flew from Sydney to Colombo via Singapore. Although we were in economy the aircraft was clean, ground crew and cabin crew were friendly and attentive throughout and food and entertainment were fine. The seat on the return leg on the upper deck of the A380 was so comfortable I had to be woken for breakfast. It was on the return leg that this airline really impressed me. At Singapore there was a technical problem with the A380 slotted to fly us back to Sydney. We were advised immediately and reallocated to another gate where within an hour, the entire passenger list was boarded onto another A380 and we departed 1 hour late. Who has a 'spare' A380 with flight crew ready to go with passengers boarded in 60 minutes? They also made up the time and landed us in Sydney ahead of schedule by about 5 minutes. This is a very impressive performance and one that some other airlines might seek to emulate. We flew Air New Zealand to San Francisco in May and a technical fault in Sydney saw us trapped in the airport for 8 hours, miss our connection in Auckland and lose a day out of our trip. No-one should be blamed for technical problems but the rude and unprofessional manner in which ground staff at Sydney airport managed passenger enquiries was unparalleled in my 44 years of flying. We will never fly with Air New Zealand again. We will fly with Singapore Air.
 Auckland to Singapore. Singapore Airlines Business Class is the best you can fly. The food selection is extensive and delicious. There are many beverages to choose from, good selection of wine. The cabin crew are attentive, and they feed you well. The seat can be transformed into a bed that is comfortable to sleep during the long flight. There is a wide selection of movies that I had to make the tough choice of sleeping 40,000 feet in the air or watching the very nice movies with noise-cancelling headphones. I enjoyed my flight thoroughly and would love to fly with Singapore Airlines again. Certainly a great way to fly.
  I flew from Heathrow to Singapore then Denpasar to Singapore to Heathrow. My outward flight was appalling. I am a deafblind traveller, the airline was advised of my condition and requirements by both my travel agent and my mother. On boarding the aircraft with my cane I was told where my seat was, and nothing else. I had no access to safety instructions or menus. No access to entertainment system, no knowledge of where toilets were and no access to help button. I did not know how my chair worked. I was completely ignored on the outbound flight. A complaint was made and I was advised my return flight I would be made comfortable, that I would have my needs taken into account. This was not the case, again the seating was not appropriate even though promised. Singapore Airlines did not fulfill their commitment to make "reasonable adjustments" to ensure my safety or comfort onboard their aircrafts. I could not see or hear as both main flights were night flights. I could not use the toilets as I wasn't told where they are. The crew outbound had no concern for my safety or comfort. I was denied access to all inflight entertainment and felt unable to leave my seat for 13 hours. This is totally unacceptable. Singapore Airlines have acknowledged their errors but not offered appropriate compensation - an absolute disgrace. My worst ever experience flying.
  Trip not up to Singapore Airlines standards, behind me and my wife there was a couple with a child sitting the seats with them. Three people in two seats! The child was very noisy the whole 15 hour flight. We told the flight attendant several times that they had to do something. Nothing was ever done. The flight attendants just stayed back in the galley and had a five hour rest in the middle of the flight. Not much attention paid to anyone. 
 Singapore to Hong Kong. Outbound leg on Singapore Airlines A380, stuck in the dreaded middle seat which was awful. Attendants were unfriendly and telling me to check in 10 minutes earlier online to get an exit row seat despite me having said I was on the website and it didn't allow me 48 hours beforehand. Only 1 friendly member of staff during the trip. Fish pasta for special meal was a let down - overcooked and too many bones. Inbound, service was a little better. Standard and expected for the price of ticket I paid but a little too plastic and fake smiles.
  Los Angeles to Bangkok via Tokyo / Singapore. This is my first time for Singapore Airline, on 3 Legs the experiences were average. Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita the cabin was great, IFE was ok, crew was not so nice. Narita to Singapore the cabin was  clean, seat was comfortable, IFE was nice. Only thing that made me surprise was cabin crew because that were not nice, no smile. Singapore to Bangkok the cabin was good , Seat was comfort but look little bit old, crew was average no smile at all.
  Melbourne to Amsterdam via Singapore. Legroom is comparable with other good economy class airlines, but they are wider which makes a difference. They are comfortable, everything works - meals, drink service, food service, punctuality. Singapore Airlines can make a reasonably good economy experience by being friendly, attentive and active when serving customers. Even the food was good for economy, while maintaining simplicity. It was 24 hours from Melbourne to Amsterdam and I don't feel tired or washed out on arrival - had a good sleep on both legs. It's worth that little extra expense and Singapore Airport is the best to kill time in. The business class looked fabulous, but their premium economy didn't seem that impressive as I walked past it.
  Frankfurt to Singapore in First class. One of the best flights we ever took with total attention to detail. Singapore Airlines suite arrangement is amazing with a full bed being assembled when it was time to rest. The entire flight was silky smooth and departed on time as well as arrived on time. The crew was just the best with the female Chief Steward running a great team. Krug champagne was a nice touch along with very useful inflight cosmetic bags. The Entertainment monitor is huge. 5 stars from us for this flight.

  I flew Milan to Singapore return in business class. Seat was very comfortable, on return flight I think I slept almost 10 hours after having dinner at the Singapore lounge. Service very good. When arrived in Singapore  I found my luggage broken. They collected it from my hotel the morning after, and in 24 hours the luggage was repaired and back to my room.
 Bangkok to Singapore. My first time flying with Singapore Airlines - check in on-time and no queue at all. The ground service I was satisfied with. The aircraft was nice and the seat very comfortable. The inflight entertaiment was not that good and the earphones were also poor. The food is standard, but compared to Garuda or Emirates it is not as good. The cabin crew not that nice - no smile, just a straight face.
  Tokyo Narita to Singapore. Excellent inflight service. Food is good. Beverage selection is good and I love their cocktail, especially the Bailey White Russian. The aircraft seem a bit old and the IFE screen is really bad, really dark and difficult to watch to movie, earphone provided is also uncomfortable and sound quality is really bad.
  Singapore to Jakarta. The aircraft was new, the food is excellent. Cabin staff service is also really good, even though one of the stewardess seem a bit grumpy (maybe due to the hectic of serving meal in such a short flight). The inflight entertainment is really excellent. High quality screen, latest tech. I wish I had this in my previous longer flight to/from Singapore / Tokyo.
  Bangkok to Singapore. The flight was quite full but this didn't stop excellent cabin crew from providing a top notch service. The cabin was clean and fresh. There were two meal options offered and food was good. The food for the flight from Bangkok leg seems better than the food out of Singapore. Very good selection of entertainment on Krisworld.
  Flew Singapore Airlines from Melbourne to Singapore. Departure airport was quiet that day due to industry-wide strike. Anticipating delay and congestion, somehow I checked-in and cleared custom in a breeze, which was quite a surprise. Orderly boarding accompanied by cabin crews repeated welcomes, no one has rushed and despite the rear cabin being full, it remained quiet throughout the journey. I had prepaid extra for the Preferred Seat 48A on-board the new A350 with almost unlimited leg room - there's no seat in-front, thus moving in or out of the seat without disturbing fellow passengers alone was worth paying extra for. However, the seat does come with its own design flaws. Once the PTV is pulled up, it physically creates a wall in between 48A and 48B, not only reducing 48B's already limited personal space, it also made plugging in USB charger an additional hassle. Furthermore, reduced seat width and immovable armrest are just another two trade-offs if extra leg room is preferred. Nevertheless, the amount of seat recline did appear adequately generous. The flight took about 7 hours, there were two meals served - one dinner and another light meal. The size and taste of its meals have noticeably deteriorated over the years, e.g., the size of the tray has been reduced significantly, just to name one. I found the IFE content rich and diverse, especially the music library - I enjoy listening to music while watching the moving-maps. I didn't use the WiFi, thus unable to comment. The flight attendants patrolled the cabin two to three times between meals with professional manner and meticulous grooming. All in all, this flight demonstrated Singapore Airlines high standard of service.
  Singapore to Brisbane. I am a star alliance gold member for the last 4 years and regular traveler on this sector. Recently Singapore Airlines has decided to replace the regular A330 service with an older much worse Boeing 777-200ER service. I am surprised they would use such old dated cabin in this aircraft, my main concern is the poor qaulity entertainment screen, also the poor meal service now converted to a brunch and every poor standard, better meal served on budget airlines. There was no drinks service before the meals. I hope they review this and revert back to regular A330 service.
  Istanbul to Sydney via Singapore. First time I had flown Singapore Airlines in over 25 years and I had very high expectations. First impression was that the interior looked clean but slightly dated. The seats were comfortable but the armrests didn't come all the way up - which was annoying. Had 3 seats to myself on one flight but couldn't stretch/sleep due to the arms rests. Legroom was above average at 32 inches and much appreciated. The individual TV was very old and screen quality was poor. The cheap headphones meant that the sound was fuzzy and after 30 mins I gave up. This was the case on all 4 long haul flights. Very disappointing. Selection was average. Compared to Emirates or Turkish Airlines it was remarkably bad. Even the moving map was ancient. Needs massive improvement. Service was excellent through the flight. Crew very polite and proactive. Food / drinks were generally good. Asian dishes were excellent and they gave me a second hot meal on request. Icecream for dessert was fun. Snacks were also provided as were drinks between meals. Steel cutlery was appreciated. Hot towel service is excellent. Toilets were always kept clean with nice amenities. They were also larger than on other airlines. All in all, I was really looking forward to a 5 Star experience but the PTV really let me down. Ruined the flight given I had over 38 hours flying time on this trip and had been really looking forward to seeing some movies / tv etc. With the new economy seats, Singapore Airlines will be a 5 star product but without them they are barely 3.5.
  Delhi to Singapore on the day flight with the A330 and return on the A380. With two rounds of drink service and a meal service, cabin attendants were very attentive and thoughtful. The seat on the A380 upper deck is much better than the seat on the A330. Flying economy with them is a delight. Cabin presence is great. IFE in want of more movies. WiFI was available on the A380. Extremely clean cabin and highly recommended. Singapore Airlines is my favourite airline.
  My friends and I flew Singapore Airlines from Manila to Ho Chi Minh City via Singapore last week for a holiday. From updating a companion's passport details through their reservations line in Manila to the orderly boarding procedure, one gets a sense of the quality. The meals, particularly the pork pasta dish served on the Ho Chi Minh City to Singapore sector, were divine. The frequent drinks run was very highly appreciated. The cabin staff were efficient and effective, particularly with regard to safety, with polite but firm requests to stow bags and trays when necessary.  The Boeing 777-200 is on the senior side with a minute screen but the A330-300 on the SIN-SGN vv. route is another story. 
  My wife and I flew London to Auckland via Singapore with Singapore Airlines, both legs on an Airbus A380. The airline has 3 configurations on these aircraft, we booked on the flights with some economy seats on the upper deck, we had row exit row side seats which gave a vast amount of leg room. Both flights on time and crews very good.
  In September / October 2016 I flew with my wife around the world using in sequence Virgin Atlantic, Air NZ and Singapore Airlines. All in Premium Economy. The principal airline booked was Air NZ and their service in Premium Economy was excellent. Unfortunately our flights from Auckland to London via Singapore were very poor. The standard of Singapore Airlines Premium Economy was inferior to Air NZ and to a lesser extent Virgin Atlantic. Singapore Airlines Premium Economy is marginally superior to Economy class and vastly inferior to their Business Class. During the first hour of my flight from Singapore to London I made my concerns known to the senior cabin steward. He made a mental note but did nothing to show any reparation for the poor service except that he admonished his junior staff for serving wine in clear plastic beakers as opposed to the glass beakers provided alongside the plastic foil-topped water on the food tray. He explained that Singapore Airlines were relatively new to offering Premium Economy class. No welcoming drink, no menu in seating area, alcoholic beverages served in plastic cups, meals of appallingly poor standard, coffee disgustingly bitter, wines of a poor standard. Apparently champagne was available but it was not offered to passengers and I only became aware of it after a chance conversation with cabin staff while waiting to use the bathroom. Singapore Airlines offers very little in terms of Premium service in its Premium Economy cabin service. 
  I recently flew from Sydney to Tokyo via Singapore in economy class. This was my first time flying Singapore Airlines, and I had high expectations. I am tall, 6 foot 5 inches, so space is paramount for my flying experience to be comfortable. Sadly SQ lacks this. I had 4 different versions of the B777 on this trip, and I found the newer the aircraft, the less space there was between seats. Food was ok, and service was great. Cabins seemed unclean. If you're travelling in Economy, don't expect a great experience, as it seems SQ only cares for it top dollar paying business class passengers. Will stick to my usual choices of Qantas and Garuda Indonesia in the future.
  I had a delayed flight from Tampa (on JetBlue), scheduled initially at 4.30pm but delayed to 5.06pm in taking off at 5.35 pm to JFK with a connection flight to Frankfurt on Singapore Airlines at 8.55pm which I of course, missed by the time I got to the other Terminal and through security. I was stranded at JFK a bit after 9.00pm because at the counter at the gate was no one anymore and the tiny booth is only occupied a few hours at odd hours per day. So I called the 1-800 # on my booking confirmation and was told that they would put me on the very next flight at 8.55am, yes the person said am! But as all offices are closed now I will get a confirmation call once they open the next morning! Learned later that they are in San Francisco, 3 hours behind us. So I went back to the other Terminal to the help desk of JetBlue, which had the delayed plane - after more than an hour with several phone calls I finally got a room in an hotel for the night, I finally made it after midnight into my room. The next morning I rushed to the Airport only to learn that there is no am flight ! The flight is apparently daily at 8.55 pm. I couldn't believe what I was told on the phone. I already spent a short night without my luggage or personal belongings and fresh clothes and now I had to sit another 12 hours around. Once the booth from Singapore Airline was occupied at 2.55 pm I told them about my dilemma and he called his supervisor to find out if I could reschedule my flight back from FRA, Germany to JFK : instead of Oct. 03, 2016 to one or two days later because of my lost 24 hours here at the Airport. Nope, nothing to do, because I already have gotten an hotel room for the night ! Unbelievable, I would have slept in a corner at the Airport they would have rescheduled my flight back home?  I didn't even get to choose after this ordeal, really? It's a shame that the company is not more flexible or willing to do more for these kind of situations. I'm very disappointed how this was handled.
 Ho Chi Minh city to Melbourne via Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Wow there really is - I discovered - not a great deal of consistency with SQ apart from the service routine. HCMC to Singapore I had the best meal on a flight ever. Tender pork in gravy with thin sliced fried potato and onion. Was so good. The entertainment was appalling in that the screen was too dark to even see, even with lighting altered and the screen tilted, blinds down. Anyway we got there safely and being just a 2 hr flight it was fine. Leaving Singapore on SQ 227 at 9.20pm. Full flight. Going through security at the gate itself. Boarded in sections but no one abided by that and they were not enforced which makes for a shambles. Paid for exit row seats. Nowhere to store anything. My husband tried to find an overhead locker but the lady in the aisle two seats down refused to share. Her carry on was horizontal in it and she had another small bag. Got upset when my husband tried to put her bag vertical. Was ignored by FAs. Found somewhere finally, but if you do go for the exit row you will be last off as you can't get back to where your bag is. Nowhere for my handbag. I got it stuffed under my own seat via the front. There was a baby in the infant seats but was really good, very attentive parents, I was impressed. Singapore has got the meal service wrong here too. At 9.20pm you are faced with a proper dinner which a snack would suffice as most have had dinner by then. Breakfast was a roll, muffin and a little bit of fruit. After having such a great experience on the initial trip I felt let down. Still quite good but I felt I could have been with any other airline. I wish there was more consistency. I would still opt for them though at least outbound.
  Melbourne to Singapore. The 2013 version of business class is quite an improvement on the 2006. The seat was as roomy and still the class leader, but now it is more flexible: it has more options for reclined seating without going into the full bed routine. Blankets, pillows, etc, are top quality, though no amenities pack as usual with Singapore Airlines, but there's stuff in the nice bathrooms. New 18" screen was fantastic, though I find the range of watching and listening on Singapore Airlines somehow terribly middle of the road and safe. Food and wine with lots of choices and all very good, well plated and thought out. The FAs were responsive and worked hard, they saw issues without being told and dealt with them gracefully. But they were chilly and somehow robotic. Engagement was not on the agenda; it rarely is on Singapore Airlines unless you are in First/Suites. On time, spotless, efficient, and careful with premium passengers.
  Full flight Melbourne to Singapore. Older 777 plane. Chose two seats together, there are not a lot of these, but they were great. You expect very little in economy these days as most airlines have made economy a miserable experience for passengers. Singapore Airlines still treats economy passengers with respect and I was so impressed. We boarded in sections in Melbourne, it was monitored carefully with some held back as they tried to "skip the queue" as some always do. Left a little late but not by much. the hot towels before you leave and just before you arrive are a nice touch most airlines have stopped. The seat was wider than most economy. We got a refreshing drink and peanuts shortly after takeoff. Two hours in was a meal. I chose non seafood so my seat was stickered accordingly, I had a fantastic lunch. Quality tender chicken breast in a lovely light soy gravy with perfectly cooked vegetables, hot crispy bread roll, crackers, cheese, water, dessert and real cutlery, Drinks though didn't come out until everyone else got their lunch and I did sit with my tray there till everyone else was done too. No big deal. Entertainment was probably the only thing that they fall down on with not the greatest sound quality. Had a nap after lunch, then a mushroom and chicken pie before landing, All in all the Melb-Singapore flight was pretty well near perfect and we even landed half hour early. Singapore to Hanoi was on an older plane again. Seats had some marks in them, pocket torn and window very scratched. The service was good still, but not quite as good as on the ex Melb flight. The entertainment system again not the greatest but watchable. The food too, another lunch seemed to be lacking both in quality and quantity but was still pretty good. All in all, I thought for economy flights, Singapore provides a better experience than I have had in years. 
  Perth to Singapore. Very pleasant flight and found seats very comfortable. Found the meal tasty and decent portions. Singapore Airlines is one of the few airlines to offer cognac. Cabin crew were attentive and offered refreshments throughout the flight . Would definitely try to take them again when planning my next trip.
 Hong Kong to Singapore. I had high expectations of Singapore Airlines and may be that contributed to feel very dissapointed towards this overrated airline. Majority of people have an pre conception of this airline that is not true. The ground staff in HK is not Singapore Airlines, thereafter when I asked for something as look at my star alliance account they were unable. The plane B777 was old, uncomfortable seats. The food was poor and the IFE limited. Thr flight was late so I had to run from one terminal wing to another to not loose my connecting flight to Delhi. Appalling customer service in India. When searching for flights, Singapore Airlines is ranked as an expensive airline compared to others in the same route. I don't see why, poor service on ground and in the air, old planes, uncomfortable seats and terrible food. Lack of customer service.
  Singapore to Brisbane on Singapore Airlines on a group of around 40. As a leader of the group, I have requested through my travel agent an aisle seat at the back of my group members so that I can facilitate and coordinate my group easier. I checked in at Changi airport Terminal 3 as the first person in my group. When I told her that I had requested an aisle seat of the back of my group, she rejected with an unsmiling face and said there was no choice of seats for group travel. Throughout the whole check-in, she was smile-less. The check-in was unpleasant.  My co-leader checked-in in another counter as the last person in my group. The counter staff was a lady who was more willing to help to look for aisle seat for my co-leader. Onboard, the cabin crew was pleasant and diligent in giving out water/juices in between meals. Seat room was sufficient. Lots of movies available for watching. The meals were average. Apart from the disappointing ground service, I am pleased with the service onboard.
 Singapore to Paris and my first long haul trip with Singapore Airlines - it was amazing. I was in awe of the big plane and service was great. Food was ok but other airlines provide more. I was fortunate enough to be seated on the top deck and it was perfect. Comfort kit just contains basic items such as socks and toothbrush / toothpaste with no sleep masks. Would have wanted to have that for this long flight. There were a lot of choices in the movies. The inside of the aircraft looks a little dated from the seats to the toilet. Aside from that, everything else is excellent.
  Singapore to Jakarta. Check in really smooth, and without any troubles the staff guide us through the boarding gate, seats. Seat with a lack of foot rest, legroom acceptable, able to charge devices. Service was exceptional! Really good service. Entertainment with lots of variety, however my IFE hangs a few times. Meal was horrible. Tasteless and lack of fruits Overall, the meal is something they really need to improve on.
  Sydney to Moscow DME via Singapore with Singapore Airlines – all on a B777-300ER except the last SIN-SYD which was on the upper deck of the A380. As this was a early bird fare booked last year it was very reasonably priced. Sydney check-in easy and quick. Boarding orderly. SQ222 to SIN departed on time, arrived 1 hour early giving us more time in transit to relax before the next sector to Moscow. SQ222 was a pleasant flight, friendly and attentive cabin crew. The next leg to Moscow, whilst sitting in aircraft waiting to taxi for takeoff, a senior cabin crew member approached us advising that our entertainment systems were not working in our seats and politely invited us to sit a few seats forward in exit row seats. Needless to say, we jumped at the opportunity. Pre-dinner drinks were served quickly as was the tasty supper. Breakfast was also wholesome and filling. Had a most comfortable and pleasant flight and was able to get a valuable 5 hours sleep thanks to the exit seat legroom. Enjoyed chatting with the personable cabin crew in the galley also throughout the flight who were approachable, professional, warm and informative – particularly about Moscow and their experiences. On this sector SIN/DME, the staff were most attentive. Arrived in Moscow refreshed after what was a total of 18 hours flying time. This was one of the best flights I have had for a long time – with all carriers – as I could not fault this flight. Return DME to SIN SQ61 also lucked out with exit row seats after I requested them on board – when I saw they were vacant and this once again help make the overnight flight to SIN very pleasant and quick. Meals from Russia were tasty. Departed on time arrived early. The last sector on the A380 again departed early and arrived early. Another overnight flight with the usual high standard service with a smile, attentive crew throughout, comfortable seats and superior airline food. Toilets were kept clean on all flights. Of note was that Singapore Airlines seems to have mastered the most suitable, comfortable cabin temperature for their red eye flights compared to other airlines where it can be extremely chilly.
 Singapore to Hong Kong with Singapore Airlines. The crew were very polite and they smiled every single time I asked for something. The meal was great they had menu for this flight. There were 3 available options for economy class including the vegetarian menu. The inflight entertainment was updated and had many several new movies. This flight was fantastic.
 Jakarta to Singapore with Singapore Airlines. This flight was really good. The crew were polite and the meal was great. The crew asked many times whether I needed anything that they could make me more comfortable. The inflight entertainment was a bit old school on this flight but even so they have many updated movies and TV shows which has just launched. Overall I really love flying with Singapore Airlines.
  Bali to Tokyo via Singapore. First leg Bali to Singapore on A330. Ordered special fruit platter meal and tasted delicious. Great choice of in-flight entertainment. Toilet hygiene could have been improved. Second leg Singapore to Tokyo Haneda a comfortable flight on latest Boeing 777-300ER cabin. Both mid-night snack and breakfast were tasty. New, wide 11.1-inch IFE screen offered latest movies, TV programs and nice flight path simulation. Needed to wait for quite a while for baggage but that is airport's fault not SIA's.
  Singapore to Hong Kong. Original A380 but was swapped out for a Boeing 777, so a little disappointed. My last experience with them was on a Boeing 747 (wasn't great then), and their service has improved considerably since. Check in was friendly and fuss free, and got along my way really quick. The IFE is rather dated but the selection was rich. Cabin interior was cosy and comfortable despite the age of the aircraft, making itself rather distinguishable from their sister budget air Scoot. The most memorable part was the food, which is a portion rather worthy of premium economy or even business class of other airlines. Return to Singapore an A330 looked newer and IFE was touch-screen. Cabin crew quickly served drinks and snacks after take-off, as there was slight delay on the ground. Separately they served the meal, and again they did not disappoint. Topped it off with a Hagen-Das ice-cream. The price was reasonably good as I booked early. If you are particular about having good food on board, this airline is certainly for you.
  Singapore to Dubai. On my last flight I sat bulkhead. Today I’m sitting on a regular next gen biz class seat on SQ. I’m tall and with this seat if you’re sitting straight up (or slightly angled) you cannot stretch your legs straight ahead for you hit the seat in front. So to stretch out you have to sit sideways to put your feet in the allocated space. Thus, you also need to place a lot of cushions for back support so that you don’t feel the corner of the seat into which you’re leaning. Once you get into position it’s OK. But initially it feels uncomfortable for you’re sitting sideways. It also feels more extreme/tight compared to the older version of this seat. Given how many great new business class seats there are out there where you stretch out straight ahead, I think Singapore Airlines is soon going to have to change this seat configuration to stay on top. It is fine for medium-haul flights, but I think for the super long-haul flights it would become uncomfortable. A small detail that I love on these newly refurbished planes is the toilet seat handle. Such a simple feature that I’ve seen for years on the B747-800i but not on any other planes. With this small handle it’s so easy to lift the toilet seat up and so much more hygenic than the old way. The simple things!
  Finally I get to fly on the Next Gen business class product from Singapore Airlines from Dubai to Singapore. The interior of the cabin is definitely more stylish with a copper - silver - gray colour palette that exudes elegance. For a change I sat in the bulkhead, which is usually not my preferred seat. But with this new seat, I think that is the best spot for you can stretch your legs straight ahead and not sideways like with the other seats. The seat has lots more storage space which is always welcome, along with some new small touches that I liked. The on/off screen button on the seat control panel is great. A separate USB plug for charging. And there are some new seat settings as well, which are handy given that for the full flat bed position you still need to get up and put the back of the seat down. Which I don’t mind at all. As to the quality of the food and service, it was typical SQ. Excellent. On my return flight am not sitting at the bulkhead. Curious to see how that goes.
  Fortunate enough to get a real good deal for a Business Class ticket on the inaugural Wellington to Canberra flight on 21 Sept 2016. Check in was quick and efficient, boarding was even quicker. Short Haul Business Class cabin in a 2-2-2 configuration, very comfortable and I found it quite spacious. Cabin crew very friendly as you expect from Singapore Airlines. A little pomp and ceremony being the first every B777-200 commercial flight out of Wellington, the first flight between Wellington and Canberra. Flight was fairly full, only a few seats left here and there. Quick take off and the service began with bubbles of course, food was really tasty and restaurant quality. Cabin crew very attentive, engaging and we had a few laughs along the way too. Flight was smooth, lie flat bed was flat and comfortable, still managed a few zzz's before landing. Seat comfort itself was great and inflight entertainment system, well I didn't try it at all, we were too busy having bubbles and food and laughs. Was a great flight and Singapore Airlines exceeded my expectations on this trip by far!
  Brisbane to London via Singapore. Would not recommend flying with Singapore Airlines if you are a musician who values their instruments. Never had any trouble with taking my guitar on other flights but as I went to book into my flight at Brisbane I was told that it was not company policy to let people take instruments on board and that I'd have to stow it under the plane. After a long discussion with the manager about how I've never had any trouble before and that it'd easily fit in an overhead onboard the aircraft she said to come back to the desk at around 9:30 when the crew would arrive, so I could ask them if I could be made an exception. I came back at 9 to be told that the crew had already arrived and said no so I would have to stow the instrument, I was then made to sign a form to waive my right to sue if the instrument was damaged before boarding the aircraft. I was assured by the staff that the guitar would be treated with the utmost care and I tried to put it to the back of my mind and enjoy the flight. Upon arriving back home I'm sad to see the wood on the head of the guitar has split and two of the tuning pegs have been damaged meaning my guitar which has traveled the world with me is now no more than an expensive ornament. What made me really dissapointed was being told there wouldn't be enough room on the aircraft for my guitar and then seeing 3 overhead compartments directly next to me free of any carry on luggage and plenty of seats free for it to have been stored. I know it's not Singapore Airlines policy to let people take instruments as carry on but I'm less than impressed about being lied to about not having enough room onboard and the fact that every other airline I've flown has had no problems with it. Apart from the guitar the flight was lovely, food amazing, staff were very friendly and the stewardess knew how to make a mean White Russian! Just wouldn't advise any musicians to take the risk and lose their beloved instrument.
  Singapore to Munich. Check in was great, straight up to the desk. Used the business class lounge which was good to have a bite to eat and relax. This aircraft had the new business class seat and the reviews are right - it is the best business seat I've come across. Heaps of room and your own little compartment. Had 3 course meal before bed. The bed was great with myself 6'4 being able to totally lay stretched out and get hours of sleep. Booked the cook and had the full English breakfast before landing. Couldn't fault this flight one bit.
  I booked a flight from Melbourne to Trivandrum via Singapore. I had a great connection - only 4 hours transit in Singapore. A few weeks later my SilkAir India flight was rescheduled. However Singapore Airlines provided me with a hotel for the day, transfers and meals. So although delayed for a day I got to go sight seeing in Singapore and had a rest at a very nice hotel. Previously I flew Etihad to India via Abu Dhabi. However Etihad has 10 abreast seating on the 777 and it was a 14 hour flight and very uncomfortable. I chose Singapore Airlines for the 9 abreast seating on the 777 and the 8 hour flight to Singapore which was much more enjoyable. The service with Singapore Airlines was excellent including hot towels and fantastic cabin crew. Changi Airport was a beautiful place to visit and Singapore is a beautiful city for a stopover. I totally recommend Singapore Airlines, Silk Air and Changi Airport for a superior travel experience when you have a choice!
  Singapore to Tokyo Narita. The service was horrible with staff not as polite or welcoming as they use to be in the earlier flights experienced. I noticed the standard of service being dropped and the inflight entertainment system was horribly maintained. I ordered a drink from the air hostess but then she said that she wasn't free and would bring it in a while but 30 minutes passed no sight of her nor my drink.  The entertainment system remote being beside you at the seat was discomforting as whenever you pulled it your elbows would disturb the person beside you.
  London to Hong Kong via Singapore. Basically everything in the flight is ok but on the ground it does not match any Singapore Airlines standards anymore. First, when I arrived at the terminal ground at Changi airport, the staff told me that all seats are changed since there is an aircraft change. But I remembered when the tickets are booked, it is still an A380 and when I arrived at the gate, the same model appears at the airport. If really there is a better reason to shuffle all our seats even when we book it 3 months before, I think Singapore Airlines should explain to us since we are not the only one complaining at the time.
  There's a simple reason why Singapore Airlines is always rated amongst the very top airlines in the world. They're excellent. Both their hard product and soft product are very impressive and consistent which is not easy to achieve. This 17.5 hour flight from Singapore to San Francisco (via Hong Kong) is absolutely heavenly. The 777-300ER has the next gen First Class cabin which is noticeably different from the previous first class. The leather is firmer, the design more fresh with subtle colour adjustments and the seat has many new compartments to store all your onboard 'necesseties'. The IFE has also been completely revamped with a great new remote system which is very intuitive and easy to use. Love that you can now quickly rate movies that you watch. The dining is amazing. As if I was sitting in a fine restaurant in town. I love ordering via Book the Cook for I can specifically choose my meals for every part of the flight. Excellent job SQ.
  Although the service and food were excellent on this short, less than two hour flight from Bangkok to Singapore, the plane was the very old 777-200, with the very old business class. The recline chairs upholstered in the dated blueish-purple fabrics. I think Singapore Airlines has only three of these left. I hope SQ gets rid of these planes soon for it is completely inconsistent with their other excellent equipment.
  New Delhi to Denpasar via Singapore on business class on Velocity Points Redemption. SQ did not offer A380 business class seats for our travel dates from Delhi. Flight timings were convenient as the flight happened throughout the day bringing passengers into Bali via Singapore by late evening. The service was excellent, barring a negative moment on the SIN-DPS sector. Ground staff in New Delhi were kind to allow me to hand in a package to my driver which I was careless about. They collected it at the gate and made proper inquiries with me before agreeing to handover the envelope to my driver who came to collect it later. SilverKris Lounge in DEL was average in terms or service or offer and reflected the usual attributes of airlines offering mediocre service at Indian airports. Due to Indian regulations no champagne is served on boarding Business Class in India. Flight attendants were friendly and the business class product had no concerns. In-flight entertainment options aren't as large as Emirates, but had an eclectic selection of movies to select from. From SIN-DPS, we encountered a scenario which left a sour taste of the experience. The offered menu had an option of beef. Living in India good beef is hard to come across, so the plan was to indulge in beef on the way to DPS, since beef options were not available on the DEL-SIN sector. On requesting for a beef dish, I was advised that they had run out of beef and was offered the option of chicken or seafood. No apologies or offers to check if an economy meal was available. My partner chose not to have a meal since he wasn't keen on the seafood or the chicken. At this point three members of the cabin crew apologised profusely to him and assured him that they would do anything possible to make things better. At this point my partner asked the crew why the same apologies or service recovery efforts were not made with me, and the crew member simply mentioned, 'I'm sorry but we weren't aware that you were travelling together!' They tried to make up for the error by plying us with drinks and making multiple trips to the seat to inquire of our well-being. 
  
We flew out premium economy and back economy from Johannesburg to Kuala Lumpur via Changi. I haven't flown with Singapore Airlines for about 10 years so was expecting a very pleasant flight. The aircraft was brand new and it all looked good and it was except for the attendants. I can't really put my finger on it other than it was impersonal, efficient but impersonal. They seemed to be in an awful rush to get us fed and watered and turn the lights off. You didn't see them after that at all and we were in premium economy on the way out. On the way back the flight left at 2am and after hanging around in the airport I was hoping for some good food. However it was not too be ! A sandwich was it ! You could ask for snacks but who wants crisps at 3am ? I felt rather disappointed
  I flew Singapore to Jakarta on 28 June. It was an early morning flight. The cabin crew was professional and working hard on this flight to get the meal service underway and completed despite the short flight duration. The seat felt a little cramped. The food was a slight disappointment and the service was less friendly or warm than what has to come to be expected of such a premium airline. Having said that, the crew was careful in ensuring that the pre-arrival checks are properly carried out (seat belts secured, etc) and that the safety of the passengers are paramount as should be the case.
  Flew Sydney to Amsterdam, returning from Paris to Sydney, both via Singapore in July. I had researched Premium Economy with SIA. The flight on A380 tended to be more comfortable with more room. Boarding in Sydney was chaotic and confusing. The A350 seat to Amsterdam was very uncomfortable (front row) and the foot rest was redundant - I am 188 cm tall and this seat is not designed for my build by any means. Service was generally good but not up to the marketing hype. Only offered champagne once on each leg despite the way it is marketed and if I wanted more if was begrudgingly offered. Food (Book the Cook) was okay. Considering cost and advertising this as a premium cabin, there was no sense of privacy or a little bit more exclusivity because rarely, if ever, were dividing curtains or wall dividers closed. This was more for the convenience of FA who were moving between Premium and Economy with food trolleys, etc. Many Economy pax took the opportunity to wander through cabin, especially when nursing crying babies. Also, noise, especially many screaming babies were immediately behind my rear row seat in A380 flights - very noisy (even with noise cancelling headphones). Certainly there was more room and a little more comfort but at what cost - I don't feel it was anywhere near value for money. My biggest concern and complaint, which I made to FA, and even to SIA customer service, on CDG to SIN flight (July 15), was when parents left their two boys in Premium Economy while they took themselves off to Business class. They did check a few times but basically the two boys were left to their own devices. I had to stop them from damaging the lights, the window shutters, clambering over their seats, especially the young boy of 4-5 years. The FA cannot be expected to keep an eye on two young boys and neither should passengers. In this day and age, this is a big concern. Anything could have happened to the boys. What if there was an emergency - who would look after them? They became very restless and eventually I complained to FA but nothing was done. The parents were inconsiderate, selfish and irresponsible. Singapore Airlines were disrespectful of other paying pax. As a passenger, why should anyone's flight be disrupted and stressful due to others' selfishness as in this case? This is not about whatever class your in; airlines must stop parents from abandoning their children like this for everyone's sake. Also, if anything happened to the children, who is liable - the other passengers? the airline? Would I fly SIA Premium Economy again - I seriously doubt it. It has potential but if they don't deliver on their marketing promises, I will fly other airlines who do. Also it is disappointing that they cannot even respond to a written complaint. If you over-promise and under deliver consistently, you have dissatisfied customers. This was over 4 flights and I felt dissatisfied and disappointed overall.
  Barcelona to Sao Paulo. First flight with Singapore Airlines and I was interested to see if travelling with Singapore would be substantially different to the experiences I had with AA/BA.  I flew economy but the service in economy with Singapore Airlines was equal to that in business class on AA. The Boeing 777 has a 3-3-3 layout so a bit more spacious for those in economy. We had the bassinet seats at the front as I was travelling with my wife and 3 month old daughter. Food was great, frequent drinks brought around as were snacks and fruit. In flight entertainment great. 
  Not so much (if at all) Premium. I flew with Singapore Airlines from Singapore to Melbourne (29/07/2016) in Premium Economy as part of a return trip to Colombo. This was my first time flying Premium Economy with Singapore Airlines, though I have flown it before with another large Asian carrier (which was a good experience). I usually fly economy with my partner for holidays and business class for work trips, so have some sense of the competition and product on offer. I'm also tall (194cm) and fairly broad which can make fitting into standard economy seats a squeeze. I had read a few reviews before the flight (all positive) about the new Premium Economy offering from Singapore Airlines and was interested to see for myself. The boarding at Changi was surprisingly disorganised and something of a circus. There was also some delays with take off which appeared to put the staff into such a fluster they forgot to give us menus or the standard amenity pack. The seats in Premium Economy look modern and fancy but are surprisingly uncomfortable for tall people. While they provide a bit more leg room and recline it is hard to make much use of this in a comfortable manner, and forget about getting much sleep. The foot rest offers nothing other than an annoyance and a reduction of leg room. The staff were (on the positive side) not rude but generally unhelpful, unfriendly, looked bored and appeared to go out of their way to not offer anything that might be perceived as an extra (eg. another glass of wine, a second cup of coffee, authentic hospitality etc). The main meal was very small and surprisingly un-tasty. The snack before landing was meant to be chicken fried rice but I struggled within the minuscule dish to find anything other than white rice and a couple of bits of carrot. The meals were so small and mean I was starving by the end of the 7.5 hour flight. The wine/champagne (if you're very lucky you can get one glass) they serve in a plastic tumbler (unlike the ad). The staff also have a habit of leaving you locked in with your empty meal tray for about an hour, which I can only imagine is a crowd control exercise. The entertainment system was good with a reasonable range of titles though annoying compulsory ads at the start of each viewing. It has an bad habit of switching itself on while you are trying to sleep as the controls are right where your knee pushes into the side of the seat. Overall, Singapore PE appeared to me to be a very average Economy with a slightly fancier looking seat, though not one that is well designed or practical for taller people. The service is anything but premium, in fact I've had better service in standard economy for a whole lot less dollars. My experience was nothing like the reviews I have read.
  Manila - Denpasar via Singapore. Out of MNL via a very, very old B772ER with the very, very old recliner seats with pull out screens in a 2-3-2 configuration. Singapore Airlines should retire or refit this plane soon. I don't think it's fair that they charge premium price for such an aged regional bird. Despite the trademark efficient, if not cold, SQ style service and tasty in-flight catering, very little can justify premium SQ pricing. The recliners are not a big issue on the short 3.5 hour flight and can actually be quite comfortable for a quick snooze after the meal service, but the screen is prone to glare, and my wife's screen was just malfunctioning the whole trip, making her experience not much different from a recent J class experience on a shorter MNL-HKG trip on PR with no IFE save for borrowed iPads. There wasn't the standard stowage space you'd expect from more modern J class products, but the toilets were clean and the amenities plentiful. So disappointed on this leg. Onward journey from SIN to DPS on a more modern A330 with angled-lie flat seats and a 15 inch seatback IFE AVOD system. Better product with more stowage areas. Service was half a degree warmer than the crew's from the MNL leg, but still a bit robotic for me. Got the nasi lemak via Book the Cook for breakfast and was quite a tasty offering. Less drink runs this time, but it's a shorter flight. All in all, an above average business class experience, but SQ needs to up its game a bit more for the price they charge.
  Bangkok to Singapore. My IFE unit screen was not working as the screen went fuzzy and shaky when turned on. The FA tried to restart my system but it did not fix it. As no other seat was available, I was struck with no movie entertainment except for the music for the whole flight. Crew on this flight of the Singapore Airlines standard. They did the usual greeting when boarding, pre-flight drink and hot towel. Hot Towel is something not many airlines offer. Bangkok is not one of the country where you can book the cook, but the foods were not too bad with a Thai dessert on the tray. The cabin is clean even though this is relatively old plane. That might explain why the guy 2 rows in front of me also has the same problem with the IFE unit. Overall, it is an average experience.


  First time we flew Singapore Airlines Business Class from Singapore to Sydney and return. Outbound boarding was on time. But soon after pushed back, the aircraft returned to its parking position due to electrical problem, resulting in one hour delay. Upon took-off all passengers who sat in business class asked the cabin crew to convert our seats to bed mode because it was an after midnight flight. We slept for about 5 hours and were woken up by the FA for breakfast, whereas our daughter was left sleep until half an hour before landing in Sydney. The meals were tasty and glasses were filled up frequently. FA were friendly, except one stewardess looked not so interested in serving us. We landed in Sydney only 20 minutes behind schedule. Inbound flight : Check in process went very fast and served by a friendly ground staff. Boarding was also on time. The cabin crew were friendlier compared with their compatriots in our outbound flight. However, we couldn't sleep/rest due to turbulence weather which we experienced almost the entire journey. All in all we really enjoyed our business class experience with Singapore Airlines.
 Sydney to Bangkok via Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Boarding SQ212 was a breeze after having a cuppa at the lounge. Boarding was fast and FA's greeted everyone by the family name. Pre takeoff drinks was served when we were settled down. Flight was smooth and food was yummy as I preordered under "My cook". Wine was offered throughout the meal service. Entertainment is good and the seat even though it is not the latest biz class seat but it is good size. Landed on Singapore on time. For those that transit in Singapore via Singapore Airlines, don't forget to claim your Changi Voucher of S$20 for general retailer and S$20 for liquor, tobacco per passenger. That's S$40 off liquor if you buy in the airport Duty Free Shopping. Singapore Silverkris Lounge is great. I like the space and the food. Love the TWG Tea selection - Singapore Airlines really know how to pamper their passengers. We freshened ourselves up and had coffee and snack before time to board our connecting to BKK. This A333 was a old bird but still in working condition. The FA was really thoughtful to offer cold towel when my partner jokingly mentioned towel should be cold in the reallty warm cabin while she was giving out hot towel. The temperature quickly came down when we were at cruising height. The food out from Singapore on Singapore Airlines is so much better. Flight was delayed a little due to air traffic in Bangkok. Overall, I love the Singapore Airlines Biz Class .
  Travelled from New Delhi to Manila via Singapore. The ground crew did not mention anything about the flight delay and did not bother to ask if we had a preferred schedule for our connecting flight. The inflight service was terrible. I asked for earphones from three different flight attendants but was only given one when I typed my request on my iPad. The food was nothing spectacular. The ground crew on my flight from Singapore to Delhi insisted that I have my backpack checked in and argued that it was too big. I have used the same bag on my flights with KLM and Emirates and they allowed me to carry it inflight. I have high regards before with this airline but sadly their service has gone downhill. 
  Had such a great experience on SQ278 yesterday from ADL to SIN. At last someone listened. As I have allergies I have been given the same chicken breast with carrots etc. After hearing that I have been bringing my own food on board to eat. This crew made their own version of cup noodles with chicken plus they had mushroom soup for me because I mentioned about NZ and CX flights where they made protein shake and chicken soup for me (not on the menu). It's these small little things that can make one happy. Thank you Singapore Airlines. Wish they had wi-fi on board.
  London to Melbourne via Singapore. In general, the boarding process and on-board service was very good, with most flight attendants being amiable and chatty. The food was good too, apart from a very ordinary entree leaving London. However, both flights were marred by very noisy children. On the first sector (on the very quiet A380) I was in the front cabin which offers a more intimate setting. A small baby cried almost all of the trip despite attempts by his parents to pacify him. So a decent sleep was impossible. Even the supplied noise-cancelling headsets could not eliminate all of the noise, and anyway they produced a constant repetitive buzzing noise. I fully support family travel and do feel for parents who have to deal with distressed children but surely SIA could arrange for a quiet area for travellers. The sector to Melbourne was worse. I was seated in the front row of the small front cabin - with 2 rows of seats and no bassinet places. Behind me was a family of 5 with a girly toddler who screamed for most of the flight. A baby crying I can understand, but this family was generally very noisy and seemed unaware that they were sharing the cabin with other passengers. There seemed to be no attempt by cabin staff to try to improve the situation, even though their exchanged looks indicated that they were aware of the noise. Added to that, the cabins of the un-upgraded B777-300ER's are becoming quite shabby and worn, and the IFE systems are behind the times. Because of the noisy fellow travellers I have to downgrade my ratings for these flights. It is a pity, because SIA are reliable, honour seat allocations and the staff are generally very good. Maybe I was unlucky, but my trip home was not as good as I expected.
 Flew PER-SIN-CDG and then return MUN-SIN-PER. Flight over was good, check in was quick and boarding fairly organized and FAs were attentive from PER. Flew A380 from SIN to CDG and the plane looked tired and there was a film of dust on pretty much every surface - would expect more from a high end carrier like this. Meal service was quite slow, and FAs didn't bother to ask me if I wanted a drink, just breezed past me. Meal collection was also slow - 1 hour to collect trays. Most of the FAs seemed unconcerned with their passengers. Food was OK. Exit Row seats were good, and worth the extra $. MUN-SIN: different story, plane, a 777 appeared cleaner and newer, and FAs were attentive. Sitting not even halfway through the plane, couldn't get my first meal choice on either Dinner or Breakfast. Exit row seats not worth it - cart kept banging into my partner's leg/tv screen as the config of the aisle makes there be a little "turn". Window seat on this exit row also has a restricted leg room due to protruding of the exit door. Singapore should rethink this config and do 2-3-2 for the bulkhead to make a bit more space. SIN-PER, FAs attentive, but still meal service was quite slow. IFE on way over seemed good, on the 777 on the way back, new KrisWorld system kept freezing for everyone in my row. Touch screen wouldn't work, then remote, then touch screen. Selection of movies quite broad but TV series lacked a bit of punch. All in all, not a bad trip but if I could fly cheaper on another reputable airline for these destinations, I'd try them out.
  I fly for work and do not find Singapore Airlines value for money. Flew from Singapore to Bangkok. The planes are getting old and quality depends on the type of planes. The newest A350 is equally horrible as the cabin space in economy is tightly squeezed to optimise seats for $, but missed out on comfort. The soft touches of SIA being premium such as haagen daaz ice cream, food menus, biz class toiletries pouch or previous-palatable local food in economy have been discarded for margins and this is where I feel SIA have lost their direction/plot. Flying SIA is no longer an experience of delight. One finds too many issues and only is contented to reach the destination safely. 
  It was a very pleasant flight from Hong Kong to Singapore with Singapore Airlines. They manage their flights well, and almost everything was perfect, from boarding phase until the landing of the flight. They also serve great food and beverages to the passengers.
  Rome to Melbourne via Singapore with Singapore Airline. The aircraft on both sectors were old and dirty. My seat had bread crumbs and coffee stains and was generally uncomfortable. The meal card says sit back and relax in your "luxury" seat? It was certainly not in economy class. I was made to believe that Singapore Airlines offered great service however I was unimpressed. Food was average, drinks sparse and you had to ask and wait for a while for them to return with a drink. Some of the flight attendants had no warmth or smile. You would think on long sectors, there would be more attention to service however this was not the case. Overall, disappointing on SQ and would think twice before booking again.
  The flight was full after the holidays, hence took a longer time to board and delayed by some 20 minutes. I was surprised that the dinner menu was not provided - rather the cabin crew took the "chicken or fish" approach. Not sure if Singapore has ditched the menu for economy class. Food was ok, but seems like they switched to cheaper looking cutlery this year. Also I found the cabin light was inadequate. Again not sure, if it was intentionally kept dim or just the the aircraft was aging. Overall, I felt a bit short of the 5 star service that I am used to getting from SQ. I hope this is an one off experience.
  Singapore to Auckland, paid to fly Air New Zealand. Singapore Airlines was the code share. A little disappointed with the Singapore leg which was the return flight. Business class practically empty so crew were not run off their feet. My husband sitting beside me was served quickly but for some reason I was left waiting on both meal times. He had nearly finished before I was attended to. When the meals arrived (dinner and breakfast) they were the worst I have had on a flight. The seats are quite comfortable and you have privacy the way it is set out. The movies are quite a bit out of date and the screens aren't touch screen so hopefully they will eventually have that. 
  Saved by the crew. Very excited to be flying Singapore Airlines business class but sadly the reality fell a little short of the expectation. Yes, the seats are massively wide and the leather is lovely but it all feels a little, old in comparison to what's on offer with the Middle Eastern carriers. No turn down service (flight left Melbourne at 1835hrs) though a nice warm doona provided. The seat only has a thin foam pad as an underlay when turned down. Meals were served when they determined, not you. I say "meals" though for some reason there was nothing offered coming into Singapore although the menu showed a snack available. I used "book the cook" and the fish was sublime but the remainder of the meal was nothing too exciting. There is no toiletry bag though SQ pride themselves on having hand creams and lotions etc in the toilets. Which is fine but we all love a take away from a flight, surely we should be given a choice? Also, no pj's! These days it's just expected. The Silver Kris inflight was pretty poor, limited number of first run (decent) movies, I ended up watching some videos on my iPad. The screen size was quite small in comparison to other aircraft I've been on in J class. But the crew, they were fantastic. Friendly, professional, efficient, calling me by my name every time. 110% to them. Am returning to Melbourne on the A380 in about 10 days, I hope I can give a better account of my return.
 Manila to Melbourne via Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Both legs of my flight were lovely. The staff were incredibly friendly, the flight only took off 10 mins late due to the late arrival of the plane but made up for time in the air and we arrived on time. Quick service, quite comfortable for economy, the food was great for flight food and would definitely recommend.
  Have not flown with Singapore Airlines for a long time so I was really looking forward to fly with them on this short flight from Singapore to Denpasar-Bali. Both ground and inflight crews were friendly. Food and inflight services were good too! One thing that needs to be updated is definitely the IFE system. Flew on the return leg and was really satisfied with the overall flight experience as well.
  Paris to Melbourne via via Singapore. After premium economy to Paris we flew home in Business Class with Singapore Airlines and really enjoyed the experience. Check in at CDG was smooth and we headed to the Star Alliance lounge which is not bad, except getting a seat was a real challenge as it handles so many airlines. Boarding on the A380 was orderly and seated in seats 18 and 19 K on the window. Drinks prior to take-off with French champagne and orders taken for lunch. Flight entertainment was excellent as was the service from a very professional crew. Landed in Singapore about 30 mins early so had time to freshen up in the lounge before boarding for Melbourne. Boeing 777 aircraft with the new Business class seats which again were very comfortable. Daylight flight so had a chance to watch more movies and enjoy the excellent in flight service. Overall you can see why Singapore Airlines are very good at what they do.
 Singapore to Yangon with Singapore Airlines and they did not disappoint. Always friendly crew, food was ok but breakfast is not my favorite anyway. The IFE in my opinion had good selection but I think they need to upgrade the moving map, perhaps it is different in a long haul sector but I am not sure. They flew a A330 which was bigger than I thought. Check in was swift and flight took off and landed on time.
  Surabaya to Hong Kong via Singapore with Singapore Airlines - first time using them. My flight was on time and as I travelled with an infant I got a front row seat with lots of space. Service was good and my son was given some toys. Food is tasty, toilet is clean and the amenities are superb. Inflight entertainment could be upgraded.


  Singapore Airlines from Hong Kong to Surabaya via Singapore on an A380 and A330. A380 is really enjoyable plane, cabin is huge. Cabin staff very attentive, toilet was clean, amenities superb.  I was a little bit disapointed about the food, for moslem just only 1 choice - just chicken. My boy under 2 years got toys but not get food. The entertainment is like the A330, need upgrade for the movies.
  I had an unpleasant trip back to Singapore from Hong Kong. Firstly, the boarding time was 7.15pm. We ended up boarding at 7.30pm. Secondly, the cabin crew were not that friendly. Thirdly, the whole entertainment system was down about 3/4 of the time. Yes, they compensated us with a $75 gift voucher but the fact is this was my first time with Singapore Airlines and there were so many problems. Before take off, the TV that was supposed to show us the safety procedure was disrupted by a technical error. The food was not that tasty compared to Korean Air (who I was flying from Korea to Hong Kong). The ticket I bought was cheap but I believe service could be better.


 San Francisco to Singapore with Singapore Airlines. I was very disappointed at the poor handling of my cancelled flight from SFO to SIN. Myself and a significant number of other passengers were not given any notification about the cancelled flight prior to arriving at the airport. I am also aware of passengers who had been waiting at the airport for more than 12 hours and did not receive any notification from the airline about the cancellation until the last minute. Moreover, despite trying for hours to call their hotline, I was perpetually put on hold. This was also the experience of other passengers. Ground staff refused to open their check-in counters to assist with our enquiries until 9.40pm and even then they were late by 20-30 minutes. Can you imagine the feeling of confusion and uncertainty when the airline was not contactable over the phone or on the ground to tell us whether the flight was delayed or cancelled. I have since written in to the airlines customer service and more than a week has elapsed without any reply or explanation - mirroring the complete disregard for their passengers they displayed during the cancellation.
  Adelaide - Singapore - Manila on May 23 in economy class. A very professional on-time performance by all crew. This was my first flight with this airline and I can understand why they have such a good reputation. The only comment is that the entertainment system was not as good as Emirates.
 Tokyo Narita to Los Angeles with Singapore Airlines (SQ12). A380 on the upper level Business Class section. Service on Singapore Airlines is top notch, staff are very friendly and professional and treat passengers quite well. Food and drinks selections are excellent with a wide range of choices available. Having flown on several A380's primarily those operated by Singapore Airlines, I have found that this one offers some of the older seating which I am not terribly fond of. My problem with the seats is that the foot rest shelf is offset and does not allow for one to site with their legs straight ahead, instead you have to angle your legs slightly which is uncomfortable. Also on these older planes, the electrical controls for the seats are showing their age and heavy use by being slow to respond or not respond at all. For converting your seat into a bed, there is unfortunately no information provided and either requires you to spend a great deal of time figuring it out or waiting for an attendant to help you (or watch them while they help someone else). Basically the latch to release the seat back is located on the upper outer edge towards the aisle, but is well concealed so not easy to find even by touch. You must also make sure that the seat is in the full upright position before trying to convert it to a bed. Another problem that I have encountered is that the temperature in the cabins is usually on the warm side which makes it difficult to sleep well. With regards to inflight WiFi, it would be nice if this was included for Business Class and Suites passengers considering the cost of tickets on Singapore Airlines. Overall though I greatly enjoy taking this flight from Narita to LAX since the A380 is quite comfortable and less prone to the effects of turbulence.
  For a different experience, I decided to try out the new Premium Economy seats from Sydney to Tokyo via Singapore return. Between Sydney and Singapore I was in 35A and 31A to Tokyo, the same on the return. There is no overhead locker space for 35A as the partition wall blocks the cabin bins, while 31A has a single storage pocket on the bulkhead, stuffed with magazines etc, rather than the double pockets on the seat backs. I utilised the Book-The-Cook service on all legs, which were nice meals but nothing to really to separate them from regular inflight meals in terms of presentation. The seats were nice and comfortable with excellent width, recline and nice leg rest. The big bonus was the generous 13.3" screen size which was clear and wonderful for watching the IFE. However the high wall mounted screens in row 31 meant that any movie I watched or personal photographs I wanted to view, they would be on view to the whole cabin. Whilst seated in 35A, I could clearly watch what was on the screen of the person in 31K for example. The staff were super attentive as they always are on an SQ flight. The only hassle was the Auxiliary Power Unit failing on the SYD-SIN leg which meant that there was no AC boarding the flight and a prolonged wait to depart the the flight at Changi Airport.


  Singapore to London Heathrow. Efficient boarding process was let down by abrupt manner of cabin crew on entering the aircraft. Hot towels were almost thrown at passengers. The lack of finesse continued throughout the flight. The meal choices at dinner and breakfast were poor. On this route it is reasonable to expect one western choice of food. Hot drinks were also served with the meal trays, so by the time meals had been eaten he drinks were cold, unlike on other airlines where a separate drinks service is offered.
  Manila to Zurich via Singapore with Singapore Airlines. Departure from Manila International Airport was delayed for about 2 hours because of air traffic. During the flight we get dinner. The fish and the desert was delicious but the fried rice was just steam rice. Entertainment programm was outstanding with a large choice of new relesed movies. The flight was very smooth and the flight attendant were very cheerful. After we landed in Singapore I had to hurry to my next connecting flight to Zurich. The flight between Singapore and Zurich was smooth but the meals were one-sided. We get for dinner and breakfast fried rice dish with fish or chicken. I expected at least one noodle dish in this sector. The flight attendants seemed very tired and unmotivated.
  Manchester to Singapore on the 4-class Boeing 777-300ER. Outward journey from Manchester on seat 41H, paying extra for so called extra legroom! As this seat faces the aisle in front, a curtain is closed separating Economy from Premium Economy. This means your feet need to be tight against the seat itself as the curtain is less that 18" almost directly in front meaning your feet are in danger of being tripped over or run over by the trolley. A most uncomfortable 15 hours. The return trip from Singapore on seat 41C was slightly more bearable because the curtain was kept open the entire trip.
  Perth to Singapore return. My wife and I thought the flight was fantastic. Our flight to Singapore from Perth was better than envisioned, as they found out it was our anniversary and treated us very well with better seats, champagne and cake when we arrived in Singapore. We were made to feel quite special. Our was return flight was very good as well.
  Taipei to Singapore, and a fantastic flight, well organised boarding led to early departure. Crew friendly and attentive. Quick response to requests with lovely smiles. Great inflight entertainment with large TV and movie/music selections. Meal was tasty (had the black paper beef, veggies, fry rice). Plenty of seating space.
  Singapore to Manila return. On my outbound flight, cabin crew welcome at the aircraft door and they escorted me to my seat and helped to place my hand carry-on bag. I was pleased with the positive attitude that staff displayed throughout the flight. My flight back to Singapore was the same, and my biggest concern was getting a 2 seater window for my friend and I. Onboard the Boeing 777-200, 99% of the aircraft is configured 3-3-3 seating. I highlighted my concerns to cabin crew and she spared no effort trying to find a 2 seater seat in the economy cabin, though she was not able to do so.
  Johannesburg to Taipei via Singapore return, and this is the 19th year I have flown with Singapore Airlines, and the standard and the quality of the airline has remained at a very high standard. We always get the seats I reserve for my brother and I, cabin crew friendly, food is very good, and seats are comfortable. Last time when I arrived at Taipei, I was informed (when I reached the baggage collection section) that my baggage didn't come through, it is at Singapore, and the airline said they will sort everything out for me, just need to leave a cellphone number and the address. I received my baggage the following day, which was very efficient. I recommend this airline.
  Flew Singapore Airlines flight 421 Mumbai to Singapore in Economy on a retrofitted Boeing 777-300. Pretty disappointing. Boarding was delayed due to late incoming a/c. But no announcements at all - passengers got agitated when no boarding call was given even after 45 mins after scheduled boarding time, staff seemed a bit nervous. Not expected from SQ at all. Onboard, my IFE (seat 52A) didn't work properly. Screen was grainy and without colour, no audio. Crew tried to reset it, but still in vain. So ended up watching a movie on my mobile. Windows were stained too. Seats not very comfortable, didn't recline well. Not sure if its by design, or due to some technical fault. The check-in staff were very polite. Onboard, food was good. Had ordered Indian Veg meal, was of top quality. Toilets clean even after 4 hours of flight.
  Copenhagen to Singapore, returning from Singapore to London in business class on Singapore Airlines. Another top experience with SIA. The best business class seats for my 191 centimetres. Good champagne, good wines and pleasant crew. Good entertainment on new screens. And luggage on the belt when walking through no-queue automatic self immigration in Singapore.
  Melbourne - Singapore, SQ218, 16 April 2016, 40K. Had a bit of trouble with check-in, I could not check in online due to age restrictions as I'm under 18. If they don't permit me to check in online they should do something to the app because I could check in on my phone's app. Onboard, supper was good, amenities were good and seats were fine. Breakfast was delicious and cabin crews friendly. The IFE in my seat didn't work very well especially for videos. Overall this was a great flight, arrived 1 hour early allowing more leisure time at Changi.
  Bali to Bangkok via Singapore. I could have flown direct but found a very competitive fare on Singapore Airlines. Slightly delayed departing and arriving into Singapore. This was due to air traffic not the airline. The Captain was very prompt in keeping the passengers up to date. Three flights on the A330 and one on the Boeing 777-200. I did prefer the A330, the leg on the 777 was full and as always the crew worked hard. Food quality was of a better standard than my last SQ flight. It does show a huge standard between catering out of Singapore and some other destinations. Will continue to fly SQ.
  Took this flight from Hong Kong to Singapore on a business trip. Nice and real business class in a bit of an older style. Service was great. While service and the cabin crew were nice, I was quite unhappy with the cockpit crew. Upon departure the pilot talked about fair weather conditions, nothing unusual. He did not mention with any word that we need to be seated for 2 hours and being shaken around in turbulence. It even got that bad that the captain got the cabin crew seated because he said it is too dangerous for them to walk around. But 5 minutes after that, the captain comes out to go to toilet? It is not a shame to tell passengers that there may be turbulence en route.
  Flew Dubai to Melbourne via Singapore. I found the flight very enjoyable and on par with previous flights with Singapore Airlines. Check in on both the going and return trip was smooth and pleasant. The theme was reflected across the rest of the flight meaning at no point was I left feeling stressed or perturbed. I especially enjoyed the return flight from SIN to DXB since they had used a newly refurbished 777-300ER which had all the new bells and whistles, incl. touch screen IFE and refreshed seats. While I did not use the in-flight Wi-fi, it was good to know it was available and operating.
  Singapore to Perth and return. We were pleasantly surprised to be greeted by name when we boarded the plane. Crew took time to make my kids feel comfortable on the flight. Cabin lights were turned off about an hour after the flight and then breakfast was served at about 4am. Unfortunately, my husband was taken ill shortly before landing – thankfully there was a doctor sitting just across the aisle from him. The crew was amazing – they thought and took care of every little detail. My kids and I were given assistance through the airport, and even helped into the taxi to go to the hospital. I didn’t manage to get anyone’s names but I am very grateful for their assistance. SQ214: Again, impressed with service. Senior crew was outstanding, some junior crew seemed a bit indifferent. Seats on both flights were comfortable and acceptable for a medium haul flight (they were angled flat seats ie. old business class). For anything more than 7 hours, a full flat would be perfect. Selected breakfast from book-the-cook for SQ225 flight, which was delicious. IFE kept the kids entertained the whole time.
  Sydney to Milan via Singapore with Singapore Airlines. A waste of money! Check-in took almost an hour. This was partly my fault as I was over the baggage allowance, although this had never been a problem with other airlines. The explanation was that SQ is strict with their baggage allowances - fair enough. However the amount of time it took was unacceptable. This resulted in having to rush through passport control and the TRS and left me with about 15- 20 minutes to quickly eat something before having to board the 4pm flight. The business class cabin was full of children. I had booked the flight 1 week prior and opted for the afternoon flight as the reservations agent had told me it was almost empty. I understand loads can change, but if I had known I would have opted for the evening flight even though this would have allowed only about 1 hour 30 minutes in Changi before catching the connecting flight. The food was inedible - my specially selected chef inspired meal of Tasmanian salmon was dry, with rubbery beans and overcooked pasta. The breakfast served just before landing in Milan was awful - two rubbery and cold poached eggs. There is no business class amenity kit provided - how cheap can an airline get? It just smacks of miserliness. I sent a formal complaint to Singapore Airlines and their lukewarm reponse was to say sorry. It is simply not good enough. Frankly, this airline has dramatically slipped. It can no longer be considered a top tier airline. The only saving grace is the personnel, who are exceptional. The business class lounge staff and most of the flight attendants were absolutely wonderful. However, this is not enough to redeem this airline. I take 3-4 long haul trips between Australia and Europe per year and will never fly Singapore Airlines again!
  Flew from Singapore to Manila return. We got very good fares by booking several months in advance. The ground staff at the check-in counter at Manila airport was very friendly. Service by the senior crew on both flights were outstanding, the junior staff seemed a bit indifferent. There was a slight issue with my child's meal on the return flight (her meal contained pork, which we don't consume so it was exchanged for a seafood meal) which was taken care of by the crew once notified - happy with that service recovery. Everything else was as expected from Singapore Airlines. Seat was comfortable for the short flight, the IFE was great and kept the kids entertained.

  Singapore to New York JFK via Frankfurt. The cabin staff are friendly and responsive with what I requested. The seat was quite comfortable, they also provide blanket, pillow, eyeshades, earplugs, playing cards for the kids and more. The inflight entertainment was awesome with latest movies. However the ticket is quite expensive because I'm a traveler which likes to accrue 100% miles when I'm flying. And maybe if it's possible for the wi-fi and internet connection they should give as a complimentary for the guest who does not a promotion ticket.
  Brisbane - Singapore, the flight was smooth, the service was top notch, very professional from entry to exit, nothing was left unturned. It was a red eye flight but the cabin crew were still active throughout the cabin. This is why they're sitting at second place in top 10 airlines in 2015. My only problems were the seat was kind of small for my size but that what you get for flying economy, the in-flight entertainment had a good selection of movies but the screen I felt wasn't clear in this day and age where HD is supreme and lastly the meal was smaller then I remember on my last Singapore Airlines flight 10 years ago. Overall highly recommended airline.
  Pretty unhappy with Singapore Airlines. I was expecting to watch some movies during my flight between Singapore to Tokyo since I can't sleep during flights, then I took to my seat and the entertainment system wasn't working, called couple times the cabin attendant and after 2 hours what I get was "Sorry, would you like to have a magazine or something to read? We trying to reset your system". Then nothing, after this no one came back to say something. Give up to sleep and my flight all way down to Tokyo was boring. They give me a voucher for 75 Singapore Dollar which made me more angry. 
  Singapore to Paris. I am very disappointed by the service rendered by Singapore Airlines to their Economy Class passengers. First, they changed my seat reservation for my long-haul flight from Singapore to Paris. As a result, I ended up not being able to rest much on the plane. When I queried them on this change upon my arrival in Paris, they sat on my query and took more than two months to reply with a respond that doesn't shed much details on what went wrong. It has been 87 days and I am still awaiting a satisfactory response. Having endured an unpleasant flight and getting no clarification on what happened has made me feel like the airline doesn't value or care about the interests of their Economy Class passengers. Given their relatively higher fares even for Economy Class, I would urge customers to think twice if they are intending to fly Economy Class with the airline.
  I booked a flight on Singapore Airlines on the 18 March 2016. I checked in at Manila NAIA Terminal 3 and the check in staff provided excellent Customer service. I was very pleased with the service provided by the cabin crew as they paid a lot of attention to the passengers needs. IFE needs to be updated to cater to the needs of passengers. I was unfortunate to experience the first generation IFE Tv monitor on my flight. I feel that the airline needs to upgrade their IFE to ensure passengers are well taken care of. I will definitely fly again with them!

  Excellent service, food, and entertainment options for this short 2.45 hour Singapore Airlines flight from Yangon to Singapore. Cabin crew were friendly, enthusiastic and professional. AVOD available, with a great selection of entertainment. Hot towels were served shortly after take-off, followed by a generous cooked lunch. 
  Flew economy on Singapore to Kuala Lumpur return this week. By chance, both flights used the new A350-900 fleet. For such short route, I guess it's partly to test the new planes. Not too bad an experience on the new planes. Smooth, steady and quiet in the air, a beautiful looking plane especially the signature long and curvy wings and rather cool batman-looking cockpit window. Leg space is larger than other economy class.  Noisy wheel box and luggage compartment mechanisms (on both flights so it's not a coincidence).  Insufficient aisle clearance as you pass through premium economy cabin so we had to literally hand carry our hand carry luggages at that stretch of the aisle. Noticed that cabin crew was struggling to find space to put hand carry bags into the overhead compartments.  Other than the beautiful outlook and smooth cruise in the air, the interior comfort falls short of expectations.
  Manila to Singapore in Singapore Airlines Business class. Great service starts at check-in and continued to the Silver Kris lounge before actually boarding the aircraft. The lounge at Manila Airport T3 was a good relaxing space, with comfortable seats and excellent range of drinks. The aircraft was aging A330, and while crew provides outstanding service, the aircraft cabin was quite touched by time. As usual, delicious dinner, a movie and 3.5 hours of flying was a breeze.
  Dhaka to Melbourne via Singapore, flights operated by A330-300. Check in at Dhaka was fast and professional, the 3rd party lounge there was reasonable. Flight packed but crew were good. IFE good. Did not eat so cannot comment on food. Singapore to Melbourne with a professional crew, the flight was not full which meant crew were very relaxed. Good drink service and tasty food. Bags out in no time. 
  Melbourne to Delhi via Singapore. Check in fast and swift, and a good Lounge in Melbourne. A333 from MEL to SIN departed on time, and had plenty of room to spread around as flight was relatively empty. IFE good. Did not eat on this flight and cannot comment on food. Singapore lounge in Terminal 2 so so, and looks more like a canteen. SIN to DEL red eye operated by a Boeing 777-200 which was refitted. Packed flight and crew not as good. Food and IFE average.  Not bad flights but won't say they were very good either.
  A very pleasant journey on Singapore Airlines last December for my trip from Singapore to Guangzhou. The flight time was around 3hr 55mins and it was just as pleasant as my other trips with SIA. The food was decent for Economy class, cabin hygiene great, seat very comfortable, foot space also quite decent for a passenger in Economy and it's also a plus to provide foot rest. The only difference from my last trip is that Singapore Airlines replaced the IFE headphones to more compact earbuds which don't fit very well in my ears, and the audio is slightly poorer than expected. It was overall an enjoyable flight.

