  Do not waste money on a Business Class flight. The business class experience is a bit of a joke: don't waste money on Business and just fly economy where you will probably get three seats to yourself and decent food/drink. In Business, he menu has been changed and has been reduced to an omelette or Indian vegetables. Whilst allowances could be made for THY return flights to IST from KTM, it is inexcusable for such a poor food offer to Business Class passengers. The pre-arrival offer (food) was samosas. On arrival at KTM, business class passengers did not get express treatment to the arrival lounge (unlike all previous flights) and I spent nearly two hours before exiting the airport. The IST-KTM route offer has deteriorated to such an extent that I - despite 10+ trips on this route in business - would not recommend using THY.
  The plane was antiquated, my footrest box under the TV was so contorted, my seat would not recline into a lie-flat without me getting up and trying to manipulate it whilst using the control panel. I tried to engage the cabin crew but they seemed indifferent and just shrugged their shoulders. The power supplies are completely useless as they are in a confined / dark spot which you need your phone torch to be able to see - do not bring an oversized electric plug (the ones you get with most laptops nowadays) as it will simply not fit. I ended up using two travel adaptors to extend the the power plug which I then wedged with my mobile phone. The 'sky-chef' is a complete gimmick. They simply arrange food on a plate and are totally inflexible. I asked if I could have my meal a little later than scheduled but was met with a stern 'no'. I have photos of the defective footrests and the power supply.
   Our flight to Istanbul from Podgorica was delayed due to weather conditions and we missed our connection to San Francisco. The airline claimed they would provide a hotel, transfer and food at their expense and sent us to a 3rd party service desk for formalities. There were a few desks and it was very confusing. They provided no food vouchers, put us into a car and sent to a hotel. Turned out we needed to pay for transfer - about $180 for round trip. The hotel was provided for free. For the food we needed to order and pay cash at reception and it was later delivered to our room. It was a terrible food. We didn’t manage to get a receipt for that while they promised to give it to us a few times. After arriving to SFO I had 2 calls with their customer support. They always direct you to file a "feedback" at the website and can’t do anything even put through with their supervisor. In process of conversation with Sereda she was just quietly disappearing for minutes with no explanation nor excuses. An attempt to use a Facebook chat started promising until the other side suddenly stopped responding. Now to feedback forms. I filed 4. Attaching my single well-pictured receipt that everything there - my name, purpose of the expense, place, date, amount and signatures. I think I was communicating with AI generating slightly different but generally similar responses. Have a look: Feb-26: "We are sorry that events outside our control disrupted your journey. We have found out that the adverse weather conditions caused 33 minutes of delay on TK1086 Podgorica/Istanbul flight on the date of 13th of February, 2024, due to which you missed your onward flight specified in your ticket and completed your travel on TK289 Istanbul/ San Francisco flight. ... As per your request, for evaluation of expenses, we kindly request the expense bills that are issued by the establishments the expenses are made at, with the place, date, contents, name and the total amount of the expense visible on the receipt. Thank you for your understanding and wish to host you better in your future flights." Follow up on Feb-26 : "We kindly inform you that as it will breach the security and documentation protocols, our accounting department is unable to process compensation for the expenses without the original invoices or receipts. For evaluation of expenses, we kindly request the expense bills that are issued by the establishments the expenses are made at, with the place, date, contents and the total amount of the expense visible on the receipt. Also in order to evaluate your reimbursemnet request of your visa expenses, you can share your e-visa doucmnet or image of your visa. Thanks for understanding." Feb-29: "As per your request, for evaluation of expenses, we kindly request the expense bills that are issued by the establishments the expenses are made at, with the place, date, contents,name and the total amount of the expense visible on the receipt. Additionally, referring to your message we would like to state that, our compensation and reimbursement transactions are being held within the accordance of the Civil Aviation Passenger Rights Regulations. " Mar-1: "We are not able to evaluate the process without the invoices which are official. We kindly request you to send us the invoices which includes your name, date and the amount and also it must be official.
  My journey began in San Diego with a limo bus to LAX. Nearly everybody in the limo seemed to be travelling on Turkish and to beyond Istanbul. The driver said all their services are full of passengers for THY. If you are listening Turkish Airlines, think about a few flights to San Diego with its upcoming new terminal! Check-in was open very early, and painless, by a very polite agent. Boarding was chaotic. The first boarding announcement began half way through another announcement about another flight being made throughout the terminal. The agent spoke with her back to the boarding gates and said which passenger groups to wait on the left and which on the right. But it transpired she meant on our left and right even though she indicated her left and right. Consequently the lines were totally full of the wrong passengers. Eventually we found the right lines and entered through the boarding gates which also took our photos in the process. Apart from the boarding mix-up, I would say the process in LAX was very good. After boarding the Captain announced 20 minutes delay in start-up due to some luggage compartment problems. My seat was near the back and I could hear loud noises of containers rumbling around. But she was exactly right and after 20 minutes we started up and took off. Amenity packs and Menus were distributed, followed by the first meal. The crew on this flight were very relaxed and courteous as they served us. On my way out from Istanbul I had been in Business Class but the crew there all seemed in a rush, even though the flight was over twelve hours. Everybody settled down to sleep as the sun could be seen coming up and then setting again through a few open window shades. A self-service snack and drinks were available in the galleys during the night. Near the end of the flight another hot meal with choice of entrée was served. We landed on time and endured the inevitable long ground time at Istanbul Airport before we reached our gate. Long long walks to İmmigration, and another long walk to the most distant luggage carousel, even though there were many empty ones near the centre of Arrivals. But. Our luggage was already going round; Istanbul Airport luggage is always so fast. Overall an excellent flight.
 Flight delayed with no information. Ground staff rude and nonchalant. Even laughing when asked why no information. Please read previous reviews. Would rather pay extra for an alternative option. I would not recommend this airline.
  Horrible experience. First they messed-up our seats, and me and my wife were separated during the self check in at the Istanbul airport. It took a lot of back and forth with the ground staff to get them to switch our seats so that we can sit together. The staff was of no help, and kept trying to persuade me that seat reservations don't matter even though I paid for them. They did try to offer me to pay for an upgrade to business class. The plane was really old, seats were far too small.
 Horrible check on experience. Tried to check in 10 mins after check in opened, but the website and app showed no seats available. Contacted the helpline and they could not support.
  We landed in Istanbul at the 6:50 time but only left the aircraft at 7:15. We had a few mins to make it from gate A4 to F8 and our security checkpoint was only manned by 1 team with a second added for the last few minutes and once we cleared this 7:50 I ran to the gate making it there at 8:00. Being informed the gate had closed I was directed to customer service. I was met by 2 rude female attendees who could care less why we were delayed and their response was simply that the hour from landing to take off was sufficient to make the flight and I would need to buy a new ticket. We requested a manager and no manager, with the only direction to go to the main desk. When we got here the person attending us once more was unfriendly, we shifted computers 3 times to be told go to ticket desk so I asked what is they will do there that you cannot and I was told to buy a new ticket and that he was done assisting us and called the next person in line. Ground staff are extremely rude and I will never fly this airline even though they are part of Star Alliance to which I am a gold member currently. If this is the welcome you give guests I hope someone will read this and think twice about coming to Turkey as the experience I've had here is awful.
  Turkish Airlines ripped me off with charges and fees. They are not transparent and profiteer at the expense of their customers. Trying to deal with their complaints department is entirely unsatisfactory. Choose another airline
  We bought connecting flights tickets through Turkish Airlines website. In Istanbul the flight was delayed more than 4 hours, we lost our next flight and transfer. Drinks, Food, Compensation? No, not in Turkey.  Turkish Airlines customer service said that as we had not bought connecting flights they can't do nothing with this case.
 Fabulous airline. Polite staff, food catering amazing, wide comfortable seats with enough leg space. Airport clean with many perks. Staff and airport authorities respectful and caring.
  The airline cancelled a leg of my flight and changed another segment. When I used the link to change the flight that was cancelled (which they indicated was free) the airline charged me for a new ticket and denied a refund. When I went to cancel because of the second change the system confirmed a $5355 return, but they only refunded $2800. it has been over a week of calling and following up and they keep telling me that I have to create a new feedback with no response to date. Their customer service has been utmost unhelpful and rude. 
 The worst travel experience ever - supposed to take 17 hours and took 47 with a side trip via Dubai. The Ground Staff seemed to be trained in a Penal Colony and the trip started with a 233 minute sit on the Tarmac at BHX with no communication from the Flight Deck. Never again
  An airline that no longer offers the services we were used to. At departure, due to the delays that are already common with them, I hardly got the connection. But the luggage did not reach the destination. We had to make a 700 km round trip the next day to retrieve them. On the return they were late and 4 of the 6 bags arrived destroyed and at the complaints office I found out that this is something common with this company. The compensation process for the 4 bags is not completed after a month, the company trying all kinds of situations in order not to compensate. I am asking for invoices from luggage, invoice or paper from a luggage repair company that cannot be repaired. I do not recommend this company. 
  Travelled on 10th September Toronto to Istanbul and then Istanbul to Tirana. I travelled with my daughter and my husband, at Toronto airport we were told that there was going to be a delay from Toronto to Istanbul we were told in Istanbul we would get a flight to Tirana. Assuming that I would be like that, the flight got delayed for over 3 hours and we were in Toronto airport for over 3 hours with our 3 year old daughter. When we arrived in Istanbul there was no flight that night to Tirana we had to stay that night in Istanbul and travel the next day. We were told that hotel and food was going to be paid for us but no such thing was provided. Each staff would say something different and no one would help us. We went to the hotel by ourselves and paid for it ourself the stress that they caused us was unforgivable. We complained and nothing has happened. This was the worst flight I've ever experienced in my entire life. I will never recommend this airline to anyone. And I will never travel with them again.
  Great airline, the service is good, the airport staff are very helpful. I’ve been traveling for the past 3 years with Turkish airline and they never disappoint me. Thank you Turkish airline for the great experience.
  After we checked in and dropped the luggage, after the passport control, we went to the gate where we waited around 90 minutes until a message appeared on the monitors. Canceled flight. Confusion, long faces. After 15 minutes, a young lady shows up and says to go back to take our luggage, to cancel the exit visa and to meet in front of the check in desk. After 4 hours, we were taken to a hotel to rest. Next day we asked the receptionist when we will leave. He didn't know. We tried to contact the TA offices. Nobody answered. We emailed the offices in Buenos Aires and Turkey. No reply. We were left without any news for 3 days until we received an email saying that we should be ready in 3 hours to take the shuttle bus to the airport. Other people were looking at us asking if we know when they could go because they didn't have any indication from the airline company. We were ready at the right time. No shuttle bus. After numerous calls from us and hotel reception a shuttle bus arrived after 90 minutes the scheduled time of arrival. It was a nightmare! We couldn't go out the hotel because we waited a sign from the airline company and the data download cost is prohibitive, so we stayed mainly in the hotel lobby where we had wi-fi. Avoid at any cost this company. The stress was huge. 
  Turkish Airline crews are skilled. The meals are tasting and the luggage is on time. But there is a very interesting detail on my flights to and from Venezuela, that the necessary water is not easily delivered to the guest. When I had been ordering wine and water, I only got wine, when juice with water: the same procedure. Wondering about the Turkish guests in the flight, all with separate cans of beer or juice, outside the normal serving, I discovered that they had been getting that in the rear of the plane. As well water could be obtained easily there. But no official announcement has been given us.
  Horror story - three faulty flights out of four! First flight out of Miami was late by 4 hours. Next flight out of IST to Varna - a 40 min flight - canceled and moved to the next day, all at last minute. Staff at MIA said they'll put me in a hotel, which didn't happen. Airport employees were incredibly rude and condescending - eyerolls, and just directed to go to the opposite end of the huge airport - for any question asked, or just said "I don't know anything". What their site says and what their staff says and what their phone agents say - all different. The second flight that was canceled and moved to the next day - also had a technical problem - after already accelerating on the runway, it started breaking sharply, and the pilot announced that they have to fix something which resulted in an hour sitting on the plane being surrounded by service vehicles. No response to the filed complaint. Flight from IST to Miami - a 12.5 hr flight, was turned back after an hour+ in the air because "lavatory system not working", and then was circling around for a long time after flying back to Istanbul. People were still using the non-functioning lavatories during this time. Airline is still not responding to complaints at all even though they have all these beautiful words on their site about "making guests and the related service a priority"  and responding within 7 days. 
 I bought and paid for a Bassinet seat for me and my son. I called the pretty poor CS team to confirm prior to flying, and they assured me there would be a Bassinet seat. When I got on the flight, there was no Bassinet seat. I paid 139 euros extra for that seat. When I contacted the complaints team for a refund for them not providing me what I paid for they offered me 46 euros to compensate me. I sent over 25 complaint messages and got treated shockingly with them refusing to answer basic questions, like how did they calculate that measly refund. Very poor experience.
  I was denied boarding despite having been issued boarding pass and an allocated seat. I had completed an online check-in the previous day, then checked-in at the airport check in counter with my hold luggage three hours prior to my flight departure, followed by entering the departure gate in plenty of time, although no boarding time had been indicated on my boarding ticket. Minutes before I got through to the gate, there was an announcement for the standby individuals’ that TK are selling seats for 400 euros. Despite the staff member checking my boarding pass, detailing that I am safe as I have an allocated seat, another staff member approached the desk, closed the barrier in front of us and the gate door behind us, and said that boarding is denied which included 11 passengers in total. We then witnessed the remaining passengers board the flight, including the individuals on standby, and us being held behind this barrier and experiencing eight hours of a very stressful situation at Istanbul Airport with a lack of customer care and welfare. Essentially being left stranded at the airport. The customer service desk staff denied us compensation on the basis that although the flight had been overbooked, all 11 passengers had been late (not true), but to solve this issue, we need to rebook and pay ourselves for another flight, then will they will assist. Despite having been given a leaflet for ‘Turkish Airlines Passengers Rights’ which details Turkish Airlines compensation for denied boarding/ overbooking (after about 6 hours of discussions), TK had continued ignoring our requests. There was no willingness to try to help, nor provide welfare, no food, accommodation, or lounge access. Despite spending eight hours in customer service, the issue was partially resolved for me and another passenger after TK had us booked onto the next flight to Edinburgh the following morning. However, other passengers had booked themselves onto other flights paying with their own money. The attitude and service was atrocious and unacceptable.
 The initial flight left approx 3 hours late with no communication from the Aircrew as we all sat on the Tarmac, with the result that I missed the Connection in Istanbul. No assistance offered, and a very unpleasant night spent in the Worlds unfriendliest Airport. Finally offered a flight to my destination via Dubai on Emirates. So a journey of 18 hours took 47 hours, during which I was treated like a Dog. Would never travel on TA even if it was free.
  Awful experience. Luggage delayed both ways. On the way there I had to wait for 8 days. The airline refused to compensate the purchase of cosmetics and toiletries. 
  I had 1 set of ski equipment. Customer support confirmed by phone before I bought the ticket that I can take 1 set of ski equipment for free. When I checked-in my gear at Istanbul airport, the representatives demanded to pay an additional 61 euros for my equipment. Additional information about this appeared on the website, which was not there when I bought the ticket. However, later I was able to find a message that some types of equipment, including ski equipment, can be brought for free. Turkish Airlines is an ordinary low-cost airline. 
  My Luggage was delayed 2 times! I flew from Dallas to Douala and in Douala I had to wait 4 days to get my luggages. Now I am back in the US and it’s been 6 days that I am waiting for my luggages and I don’t have any updates. It is really annoying. I don’t recommend this airline.
  The incoming flight was late over an hour, they hoarded everyone 1:30 minutes late and the loading ramp was detached from the plane, as if it is ready to leave the gate. After about 15 minutes the pilot said it will take additional 20 minutes to load up luggage. After 20 minutes the pilot said will take another 30 minutes. Then after another 30 minutes, the pilot said it will take another 30 minutes and at this time they reconnected the loading ramp and started to board additional passengers (almost 3 hours after the scheduled departure). Right now it is 3 hours late and the plane is still at the gate.
  The flight got delayed 6 hours due to airplane technical issues. I had to stay 6 hours near the gate, I wasn't able to leave the airport because they didn't say when they are going to onboard passengers.  My daughter tried to reschedule it but they were very rude and they have only one answer, we can't help. The flight from Cairo to SFO on 1st September 2023 also got delayed and I missed my connection flight to SFO which caused me to overnight at Istanbul airport. I went to the customer service desk to ask them to provide me a hotel reservation and the agent asked me if I have USA passport or not. Once they realized I'm not a US citizen they said we cannot help you. 
 On my flight in December had a 7 hour delay and nothing shared not even internet connection so we could advise or tell our family. Then yesterday flying from JHB via Istanbul to Milan no luggage arrived, I mean seriously we live in the 21st century - how can luggage not arrive and then you find it difficult to track. The only way this airline will learn is if you boycott it which I strongly recommend.
 Terribly unpleasant experience, would seriously recommend to avoid this airline at all costs. They reschedule flights continuously, the last one was 13 hours later than scheduled and then they decide to offer less as a refund because their system likes to steal money from good paying customers. They have a rediculous customer service team that cannot process refunds and will make you wait 7 working days for a 'feedback' response and then another 7 working days for the refund itself which is ludicrous in this day and age for electronic payments. It screams of an airline in trouble finding ways to dupe people out of their money and holding onto it before it goes bust, please avoid and save yourself the stress.
 Online customer service is horrible. Communication via Whatsapp is a useless bot. Communication via Twitter X are mostly incompetent robot-acting humans. They just copy and paste information from their website instead of answering questions like a human being. System is terribly flawed. I understand that purchased seat selections reset when the flight schedule changes but they should also allow customers to get their purchased seats reassigned back to them. I had to make a new payment and repurchase them while they sneakily refund less than half of what I paid until I emailed them and pointed out the error. I wasted my money purchasing extra baggage because the online person said combined baggage for group is not allowed. But when I checked-in at the airport, turns out it IS allowed. On the contrary, all the ground staff and cabin crew (international and domestic) are very kind, provided excellent service, food is great. Seats are big and comfortable.
 I flew with Turkish Airlines to Astana, Kazakhstan via Istanbul and returned from Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan again via Istanbul. All my flights were business class. The flights were okay but inferior to those of other airlines I have flown business class with. Which is a lot as I nearly always fly business class. My main complaint is about the short transfer times Turkish Airlines give in Istanbul Airport. There were 11 people on the organised tour I was booked on. Only 4 of us caught the connecting flight on the outward journey. 7 people missed their flight from Istanbul to Astana, Kazakhstan and 5 of them missed the first day of their tour. All of us missed our return flights from Istanbul. The flight from Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan to Istanbul was late but even so the people who only had 1 hour transfer time would never have been able to catch their flights even if it had been on time. I had longer but still couldn't catch my flight. As the new Istanbul airport is already a major aviation hub connecting the East and the West and is anticipated to have the biggest passenger traffic in the world the transfer times are not long enough. The airport is very big and it takes a long time to get from the arrival gate to the departure gate and it takes a long time from landing to getting to the stand. Not one of the 11 people on my tour caught their connection flight back to the UK. I did get back to the UK that night but I was stranded in Heathrow Airport at 23:00 on a Saturday night. I could not get home as I missed my flight to Newcastle. If I had caught the flight from Istanbul I would have had 4 hours to catch the flight. Also my luggage didn't arrive. I was travelling on my own and I am a pensioner. The whole situation was extremely upsetting and stressful. I have sent numerous emails complaining about the distress caused as well as the extra expenses incurred due to missing the connection. Every reply stated that it was not their responsibility to pay any extra expenses incurred due to missing the connection. I finally pinned them down to why the flight was late from Bishkek. The stated: 'Flight TK345 Bishkek / Istanbul on16th of September,2023 was delayed for 1 hour and 27 minutes:45 minutes due to late arrival of aircraft due to delay in departure thereof at the previous station,10 minutes due to baggage reconciliation 8 minutes due to air control capacity and 24 minutes due to taxi duration.' When I looked up extraordinary circumstances for not paying compensation for delayed flights on GOV.UK none of the above reasons for the delay were there. As I said before, I will never fly with Turkish Airlines again as they do not care about their passengers. I would advise people not to use this airline.
  To start with a a 23 hour flight became 55 hours with Turkish.  We left Bucharest with a delay. It was initially announced as one hour but ended up being closer to two hours. Even though we landed midnight, 35 minutes before the time of departure of my connecting flight to Kuala Lumpur, Turkish staff decided not to give it another 15 minutes to allow the 10-15 people from my flight to catch the connection. I will skip over a highly disorganised process that got us to a hotel past 4am. That was a first night wasted by Turkish staff.  The guy who organised the ticket during the night as well as the person who organised the ticket in the morning failed to get us a ticket all the way to Sydney. They sent us to KL promising that they will fix us there. But when we got to Kuala Lumpur, Turkish don't even have a desk there! These guys just threw a hot potato in someone else's lap! In KL we had to run around for help and wasted another full day. Eventually we found a gate with another Turkish flight and after an hour of waiting, they agreed to take care of us. Their solution was to put us on a low cost flight (remember the $12k we paid) - at this point we just wanted to get back home. When we finally landed in Sydney, our luggage did not follow. Again, Turkish do not have a desk there so we had to find a way. Cutting the story short, our luggage eventually made it to our place on Sunday. Overall a horrible experience. Definitely not worth the money we paid for the ticket. Numerous people involved either did not know what they were doing or intentionally passed us along to get rid of the issue. Even though we flew in July, Turkish are yet to compensate us in any way for it!
 I was quite disappointed. I traveled round trip NYC to Singapore and have made the same or similar trip on Qatar, Korean, Delta, Singapore, and ANA. Turkish was vastly inferior to the others. On both flights on the way water dripped from above onto the passengers. I got splashed from above when we landed which was extremely unpleasant and other passengers had issues as well. The flight crew responded by crumpling and placing paper towels in the vents which didn’t solve the problem, only created damp paper towels on the floor when they fell out. Worse still, when I used the lavatory after boarding a flight attendant unlocked it from the outside and opened the door when I was on the toilet. I confronted him and he didn’t apologise, only saying he needed to do a head count before takeoff. Grossly unprofessional and inconsiderate. Lastly, the seats were undoubtedly the most uncomfortable of any I’ve experienced on flights over 10 hours. Very cramped especially compared to the Asian airlines and there were boxes (guessing inflight entertainment) on the ground that took away a third of whatever legroom remained. Inflight amenity kits, entertainment, and 2 pieces free luggage are little consolation when you can’t sit in your seat without water dripping on you from above, can’t go to the toilet without flight attendants charging in on you, and can’t even put a small bag under your seat because there isn’t enough room.
  This is my first time flying with Turkish airline and probably my last. Upon arrival at my destination, the luggage was destroyed. Thankfully able to get compensation from my travel insurance as I was not able to get compensation from TA with quite a lot of complicated procedures. On our flight back, they even lose our luggage and check it out at the transiting airport. This caused us unnecessary stress needing to get someone to transfer the luggage back to our final destination. This was despite us emphasising to them at the airport to transfer our luggage to final destination. Food was good but the service can be quite slow and if you sit in the middle row (good luck) you will probably get ignored by the FA from both ends.
  Our flights delayed, missed a connecting flight. It's done, no issues as it was on the way home not beginning our holiday. Lucky in some sense but could have been horrible. Istanbul is not Europe, it's not Asia, it's a nice middle ground where our simcards don't work. Majority of people traveling here are transiting, despite that the airport chooses to limit free airport WiFi to only 1 hour. Flight delays and updating our families could happen at anytime, we can't plan it for that one hour when people spend hours at airports, especially if it's delayed. So their solution is to monetize your panic and necessities by have you pay a ridiculous amount for more limited WiFi. Even the staff said this is the only solution. So in panic I buy it, settle my stuff, burned my money, only to realize they do have free WiFi, you just need to key in your flight information under TK WiFi. The kiosk is a trap, no where else in the world have I seen WiFi being charged for at an airport.
 I have been a long time business class traveler and thought that I will try Turkish airlines. In all honesty it was the cheapest option. Little did I realize the night mare that was going to follow. We had originally planned to go back home in two groups. We wanted to now go back Together and to change the two tickets was the cost of getting two new tickets issued for one way travel. I had booked these tickets 4 months ago. If you do decide to get a ticket with them make sure it is the refundable kind so at least you have an out.
 I arrived on 1st January 2024 to Vilnius Airport and successfully checked in to my flight (no. TK1408) to Istanbul to be transferred to Dubai. After collecting my boarding pass and after dropping off my luggage, I noticed my boarding pass had my surname misspelled. Being an integral customer, I went back to the check-in counter to clarify the issue - the check-in staff collected my boarding pass and went to sort the matter with Turkish Airlines representative in Lithuania, customer service manager. She ruled out any opportunity to amend the surname on the booking and offered only one alternative - to buy a new flight ticket costing over 900 euros. Besides representing absolute inflexibility and arrogance concerning booking and customer management, the quoted price was 3 times the amount than the original ticket I purchased and 40% higher than other airlines fares on the same destination that day. Mind you, I was already issued a boarding pass by Turkish Airlines staff and suddenly I faced this incompetence, arrogance and inflexibility in customer service in trying to find a feasible solution for a frequent flyer of Turkish Airlines. It resulted in them taking away my boarding pass and denying boarding.
 Turkish Airlines cannot keep track of baggage. I was warned before flying that there was a chance I would lose my bags and I hoped that their systems had improved and lo and behold I lost a bag on both segments of my trip. On my way home Turkish delayed my flight so I missed my connection. I ask the officials at IST multiple times to ensure that my bag would be on my new flight and they delivered false promises that it will be delivered. Losing a bag is a major inconvenience that the airline seems to very callously gloss over in their customer service. If flying with Turkish Airlines I advise carrying all important items in hand luggage or simply not flying with them at all.
  I bought seats for all my family (4 persons), I got requested by Turkish airline to confirm to agree to schedule change (its just 10 mins delay of Istanbul to singapore). I click agree then all my bought seats went scrambled (lost my bought seats). I did feedback forum complaint and uploaded screenshot of my previous email of my bought seats and call the customer service with same answer from Turkish airline. So I had to buy another seat arrangement because they separated our family seats for Istanbul to singapore. Practically forcing me to buy another seats arrangements if i want to seat with my family. I paid 2 times for the same flight for the seats and i had to spent 6-7 times call to their Turkish airline customer service with no solution. They always have the same answer : system shows I only bought 2 seats instead of 4 seats despite the email evidence that prove otherwise. This is the first time for me that a bought paid seats can be cancelled and lost.  Plus when we landed in Istanbul, the flight gate won't show up until 90 mins before flight time and 30 mins before boarding time. As we landed in gate A, we had to hurry up to gate F once the gate showed in the billboard. Practically from one end to the other end. My advise : avoid this airline if possible.
  I am deeply dissatisfied with my recent experience on Turkish Airlines. Despite paying an additional $39 for specific seat selection (51A and 51B) for a long flight from Istanbul to Miami, my wife and I were not seated together. Instead, my wife was assigned to seat 49A. This is not the first time Turkish Airlines has failed to honor our seat selection. On a previous occasion, they managed to reseat us together, but this time, due to a full flight, they were unable to do so. This resulted in a chaotic scene where security had to intervene and rearrange seating, causing distress among passengers and a delay in takeoff. When I requested a refund for the seat selection fee, given that the service I paid for was not provided, Turkish Airlines refused to acknowledge their mistake. Their customer service was unhelpful and unsympathetic, taking two weeks to respond to my complaint via email (as they do not handle refund requests over the phone), only to deny my request for a refund. This experience has left me feeling frustrated and deceived. In conclusion, the lack of respect for customers, poor service, and refusal to rectify their mistakes has resulted in a terrible customer experience. I would not recommend Turkish Airlines to others based on this experience.
  On check in at Istanbul airport we were told by the check In attendant that they were no longer issuing paper boarding passes and we need a Turkish cell number to send the boarding passes to. Well we do not live in Turkey so why would we have a Turkish cell number. The gentleman then said he would speak to the supervisor to issue the paper ones. The supervisor then arrived and screamed at us on the top of her voice. We have never been spoken to like this at a check in counter at any airport in the world. We actually had to ask her to calm down and take a moment to compose herself. A really bad experience that will influence any future decisions when booking flights again.
  The flight itself was ok, however what I found disappointing is the flight attendant attitude. This is my first time flying with Turkish Airlines and the attendant for the back rows was not smiling, not helpful and looked a bit irritated. I’m sorry for comparing but my experience with other airlines were far more enjoyable. Also, the lavatory was very dirty and it took a while until the attendants clean the lavatory; tissues everywhere on the floor and the sink is very clogged.
  I fly with Turkish often as it is the only airline my company will validate tickets through and every time I fly with them I remember why I prefer Qatar Airways significantly more. This last flight though was my absolute last straw and I am never flying with them again. I paid 39USD to be able to pick my seat on a two hour flight. When I got to my seat there was a family sitting there and they straight up told me to find another seat. I picked the middle of the plane, 18C, and I picked an aisle seat specifically so I could get back and forth to the bathroom (because unfortunately I am THAT person). I ended up extremely sick and nauseous during the flight and I had to run to the back of the plane for the entire duration of the flight. Flight attendant laughed at me, only help I got was from the two people sitting in my new row. Only way I can describe this is absolutely trashy and messy service from Turkish Airlines in Turkey. Yes it's only 39USD but I paid extra for my seat and it isn't even about that, it's the fact that everybody expected me to give up a seat that I paid for! They didn't plan ahead and book seats all together and that was never my fault. 
 After flying with TA my luggage has been delayed for a week. After three months of chatting with support service I've been offered a compensation on my expenses for that week. Now 5 months passed, but still there is no compensation paid to my account, neither any confirmation that it has ever been made.
  At the end of August 2023, my luggage was lost on the flight from Vienna to Istanbul. I was on a 2-month trip covering Turkey, Georgia and Sri Lanka  booked with Turkish Airlines, 19 days later the suitcase appeared at my home address in Austria without even me informing me that it was found. I was still in Sri Lanka during the time and my suitcase should have been delivered there. Middle of October, my return flight from Colombo to Istanbul was cancelled and I was forced to return to Turkey 24 hours earlier than planned. Of course I did not only pay one extra night for the hotel in Sri Lanka that I could not take and also an additional night in Turkey, because the airline forced me to change my flight. Turkish Airlines did not offer me any compensation for this flight cancellation in the EU nor a compensation for the coverage of the additional hotel costs. In late October/early November - more than 2 months after my luggage was lost - Turkish Airlines offered me a compensation of around EUR 250 for the expenses occurred during the time my luggage was lost. Considering that I had to travel for 2 months without a suitcase and I had handed in bills at the sum of around EUR 800 this is not only a joke, but also illegal behavior, as according to the Montreal Agreement.  After involving the Turkish Airlines Vienna Sales Office as well as two customer right organizations, I finally got the confirmation in mid-November, that my full expenses covering around EUR 800 are covered by the airline and I sent my bank details to Turkish Airlines about a day later. On Dec 1 I got a message from the Turkish Airlines Vienna Baggage Service informing me that unfortunately it was not possible yet to do the bank transfer and that the transfer of EUR 755 would be made within 15 working days. I was asked to fill in yet another form (in addition to the many forms and documents I already handed in way earlier), which I did on the same day. Today, 15 working days have fully passed and still there is no compensation on my bank account, despite me trying to call both Turkish Airlines Vienna offices (Nobody picked up the phone.) and sending another email to both the TA Baggage Service and the TA Vienna Sales Office asking for a confirmation/status quo of the transfer about a week ago. This behavior is just the worst service I have ever experienced from any company and airline. 
  Our baggage was lost (they somehow left it in Istanbul, it was a connecting flight) After 2 weeks they've delivered our baggage wide open and half empty. After 5 months of calls, emails and case numbers we've received email that no reimbursement whatsoever. This is Unbelievable because 5 months they've assured us that if they don't find our belongings they will pay 500 euros reimbursement. We've called more than 20 times, spend hours on the phone. Turkish Airlines is the worst we've experienced so far. Why on earth they treat customers like that? 
 I have been traveling since 1990 with different airlines, first flight was from Birmingham to Istanbul and Istanbul to Delhi delayed. Then at Istanbul airport staff kept changing the gate and weren't sure if all the passengers were flying with Turkish Airlines or Indigo. When we landed in Delhi all our suitcases were missing and they told us all the suitcases coming on the next flight. In-flight services from the crew were the worst experience. I will never fly again with Indigo or Turkish Airlines.
  Completely awful! They were 4 hours late, then they had problem boarding and that took another 45 mins. I missed my original connection IST-BKK. The new connection required 6 hours overly. The worst airline in 30 yrs since I have been flying. Avoid this airline at all costs.
  I purchased a round trip ticket with TA PTY-BKK-PTY in January 2023 with intentions of travelling June 2023, due to work obligations I could not travel and had contacted TA to leave my ticket in their system and not be penalised with a no show, now that I want to reschedule my ticket they say it cannot be found in their system and I must resolve this thru their feedback page, I have now sent the relevant support and verifications documents, TA are a total sham of an airline, yes indeed any company that cannot be responsible for their actions is a complete waste of time, they refuse to issue my ticket and just send me computer generated answers, do not use this airline. 
 Atlanta to Istanbul, A350 plane seems new, nice and clean. Food was good cabin crew was friendly. Istanbul to Bangkok, 330 plane seems aged and old food and crew was good. Overall experience with flight was great. Ground crew not so much.
  This is the worst airline on planet Earth. Our flight had over 105 pieces of luggage that were left behind in Istanbul and they didn't even bother to notify us, release a statement or explain why they intentionally left our bags behind. We were left having to assume that our bags were left behind. There was no official warning, statement or apology issued. They never bothered to explain themselves or compensate us for wasted time and distress. Whatever you do, absolutely do not fly with them. Their complete lack of customer service, compassion and common sense should put them out of business. They are a cheap airline for a reason.
 I thought paying for an airline ticket would save me time and nerves on long trips. It doesn't! The app is terrible, it just forgot to tell me that my ticket was canceled, and there were no explanations or apologies for the cancellation. It was just "your flight has been canceled due to operational reasons." This is definitely not what a passenger wants to see when they have everything planned two months in advance.
  Istanbul to London (24th November) had delay, so that when me and my wife got to London airport unfortunately we missed the next flight as boarding was closed already. I talked to Turkish Airlines about the issue, they didn't take responsibility. Therefore, staying one day in London and I paid more than 2000 dollars to come back to Toronto. 
  I bought my tickets months ago and received tickets number in the official APP, the flight was overbooked and the person in charge refused to issue boarding pass to me. He refused to make compensation to my loss. We are trapped in Havana, no hotel provided. And my hotel in Istanbul cannot cancel to make refund.
  I have booked my flight for December 2023 2 months in advance but unfortunately I had health issues before travel. I  submitted medical certificate for refund request. Initially they agreed for travel vouchers refund and finally they forced me to cancel ticket and cancelation charges are 70% of booking amount. 
  After their system CRASHED on Nov 1, 2023, dozens of flights were cancelled including ours. Our first flight had a delay of 5 hours also. What happened is that we had to spend a day in Istanbul after waiting in long queues for hours without any information from them. We then made our own arrangements on our expenses to finally get back home the next day as flights back to Greece remained cancelled. I made our claim 17 days ago (we were supposed to have an answer within 7 days, I presumed maximum 14) and today, I couldn’t even find an email address in order to ask for an update. Finally, I managed to get on a call with a customer representative that was one of the rudest people I’ve spoken to (he refused to give me even a high-level timeframe that I could expect to receive an update from them) by saying I cannot give you a date, because anything I’ll tell you it will make me a liar. How is this man called a professional and speaks with passengers that got through horrific circumstances, spend thousands of euros on their flight and they are treated this way? We will see if they will ever reimburse for the flights they cancelled.
  We were denied boarding on a Turkish Airlines flight from Istanbul to Tashkent, because we asked a question of the gate agent. Afterward, we were sent from one customer service desk to another, and every time they refused to rebook our flight because they said we did not arrive at the gate in time to board. Another customer service agent told us that “we refused to board the plane”, therefore it was our own fault. We had to spend an additional four thousand dollars just to get out of Turkey and continue on our trip. Our return flights back to the United States were also significantly impacted, resulting in more additional expenses. To make the trip even worse, our luggage was lost and we did not get it back until the end of the trip. Turkish Airlines refused to give us a refund or admit any wrongdoing related to their atrocious customer service, even though we submitted copies of our stamped boarding passes verifying that we were at the gate in plenty of time to board! We will never fly Turkish Airlines again!
 I booked a flight from Amsterdam to Aqaba with a stop in Istanbul. Because the first flight was delayed I missed my transfer in Istanbul. I told the crew I would miss my next flight and they said they would arrange for me (and some other passengers) to be picked up by ground stewards and taken quickly to the next flight and that they would wait for us. When we got off the plane, of course no one was waiting for us. The first flight that went to Aqaba was the next day. I had to wait on the airport the whole night and couldn't sleep for more than 24 hours because they said there was no time to book a hotel. They gave me a coupon for food but there was not any restaurant who accepted the coupon. I had to pay for the food and for the wifi to check my next flight, who was also delayed. I arrived one day later on my destination and missed the first day of my only 5 day trip because of this and they will not pay me any compensation because they say the reason of the delay was out of their control. However they will not tell me the reason of the delay. The service of cheaper airlines I traveled with, is much, much better than the service of Turkish Airlines, where you pay double for the same tickets.
   I would not bother with them. Delayed flights multiple times and so we missed our connection which was also with Turkish Airlines. The staff in the airport were horrendous to deal with. I was travelling with a toddler and they tried to get us to pay for the next flight and insisted it was my fault we missed the connecting flight when it was their fault the plane was delayed and got to Istanbul just as the boarding for our next plane started with only 30 minutes to get to the other side of the airport and through security. The refused to provide accommodation or any food vouchers whilst waiting for our new flight. They left us in the airport with more than 24 hours with a two year old. Our family contacted customer service who were also horrendous to deal with. Honestly never experienced the depth of dismissiveness and gaslighting by an airline, especially considering I was travelling with a child and we ended up having to sleep in the airport and now both ill from doing so. Don't bother with them they do not care
 On arrival at check in at Gatwick we were informed that on our flight to Istanbul, we could not sit in the exit seats that we had paid for in advance due to our age. However, on our flight from Istanbul to Amman we could sit on the exit seats although our age hadn’t changed. Absolutely ridiculous and furious as we had paid for our seats in good faith. The flight itself was fine as was the food. In our seats were teenagers who would more likely panic if they had to open the exit door. My husband and I are fit and healthy and better equipped to deal with this. Will not be using Turkish Airlines again after the end of this trip.
  I had to take this flight because Turkish Airline has cancelled the flight Cluj-Istanbul (due to bad weather although all the other planes flew to different cities in Europe). After paying a fortune in taxi fares from Cluj to Bucharest, the flight TK 1046 from Bucharest (that supposed to arrive in Istanbul) at the same time as the flight from Cluj took off 35 min late. Because Turkish airline did not close the cancelled flight from Cluj, I could not have the Boarding Pass for my next flight TK 70 from Istanbul to Hong Kong, let alone the Boarding Pass From Hong Kong to Sydney. Due to all these issues and the fact that at Istanbul's Transit Desk were hundreds of other passengers with flights messed up, I could not make the connecting flight to Hong Kong. When I finally managed to arrive in front of a person, I arrogantly had been told that I need to purchase another ticket because "it was my fault I took the flight from Bucharest to Istanbul". Of course I told them I did this in order to make the connecting flight, yet it seems that I was talking to a wall. After 2 hours at that desk (in that time there must have been more than 500 distraught Turkish Airline customers) I bought another ticket, this time with the beloved Qatar Airways. The story is much longer, I had to retrieve my luggage, pay for a Turkish visa, take a bus to SAW airport all on my own time and expense. After many days of sending a request (with all the supporting documents (including an screen shot of the other flights from Cluj that flew very well to all Europe and beyond); a refund from Turkish Airline has not been granted, neither an apology given. In all "it was my fault I took Turkish Airline". No worries, it will never happen again.
  I am deeply disappointed with Turkish Airlines customer service. Despite multiple attempts to contact them regarding urgent travel issues, there has been no response. This experience has shattered my trust in the airline's commitment to customer care. A prompt and efficient response is crucial in the travel industry, and Turkish Airlines has failed to meet this basic expectation. This lack of communication has added unnecessary stress to my travel plans. This was the worst customer service that I have had. I strongly advise potential passengers to consider this before choosing Turkish Airlines for their journey.
  Took Turkish Airlines for the first time and will never take a second time ever. Multiple change of airline time and date, super last min, with busy daily life you have to deal with these changes multiple times frustrate us so so much. Made a mistake of booking an extra seat and called immediately multiple times only to just hear “sorry but nothing we can do”. I even suggested to pay extra cost on cancelation / Reschedule flight ticket willing to pay / pls help on this honest mistake, no care or kindness to provide any solution. Worse worse experience ever. I imagine it would be tough if I said it last minute but it wasn't even the case. If you want after or pre service care, dont ever take Turkish Airlines.
 I tried it on my trip abroad upon the recommendation of my friends. They really provide as good service as they say. I didn't expect this much. I bought it for my return trip as well, let's see if I can get the same service again.
 Istanbul to Montreal on Turkish Airlines. As I connected from a domestic flight I went straight to the TK lounge which offered a wide array of food and beverages with ample seating and relaxation options. Boarding started one hour prior to take-off and, as with all TK flights, was chaotic and lacked proper handling by the gate agents. I was shocked to see that they did not bother to match my passport to my boarding pass. Onboard, the hard product was new and a welcome improvement in terms of privacy and aisle access. However, the seats are quite challenging to get in and out of and would pose a problem for passengers with a larger build. Following take-off we were given a drink menu and told that there would be no food menu and that we would be given an option to choose a main course only. When lunch was served, they simply brought a pre-plated tray with appetizer and dessert and no salad option. Unlike previous experiences on TK, there was no appetizer or dessert trolley and no soup offering. The catering was a significant downgrade from the standard TK had previously established and won accolades for. The food quality and taste was at best OK but drink options were good with champagne on offer. The seat was comfortable and offered lots of storage options but inability to set the foot and back rest to individual settings took some getting used to. IFE had plenty to choose from with the latest movies and music in their library. FA’s were quite attentive and went about their business with calm and poise instead of the frantic running around I had observed on several other flights. The flight took off slightly behind schedule but landed on time. The overall experience was OK but the downgrade in catering was a total disappointment. I would look at other carriers on this route as TK seems to have abandoned its distinguishing practice of top notch catering.
  I took 4 flights on Turkish Airlines in a 10 day span, Miami-Istanbul, Istanbul-Dubai, Dubai-Istanbul and Istanbul-Miami. The only decent flight was the first one from Miami to Istanbul and from there every single flight was a nightmare, from the flights being delayed to the rude people working on these flights. From Istanbul to Miami  had a flight attendant that was super rude to the point that I asked him for a water and he wouldn’t even look at me and just walk away,  that I had to go back to the place where they have the food and water and I had to ask him in bad way (are you ever going to give me the water I asked you for?). I would never fly again with them. The plane from Istanbul to Dubai and the plane Istanbul to Miami looked outdated and tired inside with the seats looking old and color faded and the entertainment system outdated as well. 
 I gave up trying Turkish Airlines, every time late departure, miss connecting flights, lost luggage. My daughter took the same route, she also missed her connecting 1st and 2nd flight and also lost luggage. We are visiting Turkey to see several places and we do not have an address here, because of that we had to purchase clothes. We spend extra time for luggage delivery. Turkish Airlines used to bring luggage to the door, now they are using Aras cargo which is not convenient for us. 
 Ankara to Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. Checked in using the counter at the entrance to the domestic business lounge. The agent was courteous and efficient. I inquired about catching the earlier flight as mine was already showing a one-hour delay. He put me on standby which eventually came through. On board the business class configuration was the same as European carriers with the seats the same as economy with the middle seat left empty. The seat width and pitch were narrow bordering on uncomfortable. After an on-time departure, we were served a hot breakfast which is a welcome surprise for a 45 minute flight. I opted for coffee instead only to be told they had adjusted their catering and would not serve coffee on domestic flights. Instead, I was offered tea. Whilst it did not matter for such a short flight, I found it absurd that they would not serve coffee but tea. I even pointed out the menu we were given which clearly showed coffee on offer. The flight landed on time and was otherwise uneventful.
  Montreal to Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. 72 hours before the flight I received notice of an aircraft change which resulted in my advanced seat selection becoming useless as I ended up in a window seat with a neighbour instead of a direct aisle access seat. I tried resolving the matter by talking to their call centre which proved to be futile and a giant waste of time. Check-in was smooth and handled by a very pleasant agent. I used the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge prior to boarding which was well equipped with several food and beverage choices with some made to order. On board, the hard product looked worn and tired. The seat cushions were worn out and made it uncomfortable especially in the lie-flat position. The configuration on the A330 offers almost no privacy and has limited space for stuff you would want to keep within reach. We were served drinks and a hot meal shortly after take off. Food and beverage quality was good but I noticed a downgrade in the usual TK inflight offering I had come to expect. There was no appetizer or dessert trolley resulting in a single choice. Bathrooms were kept clean but as with every TK flight, the cabin temperature was uncomfortably warm. The FA’s were very friendly and accommodating and worked very hard throughout the flight. Two hours before landing a full hot breakfast was served but I opted for coffee only. The IFE had a wide selection with recent movies and music. Flight left late but landed slightly behind schedule. Overall, the onboard experience was favourable but the call centre was an utter disaster.
  TK209 was operated using the A350 on 28 October 2023. The aircraft had a 1-2-1 configuration with each seat in an enclosed suite with privacy door. Catering was superb with flying chef service. Wifi connectivity was fast and good with 1GB of data for up to 2 devices. The seat was full flat reclinable. Ferragamo toiletries were given out and Denon noise cancelling headphones were provided. Overall the flight was good. Flight attendants were efficient and polite. However I felt that they were in a hurry to clear the trays after meal service.
  I have travelled with them 3 times and every time my flight was cancelled. Their cancellation is purely based on profit. When a flight doesn't fill up they cancel when you call they say we are sorry. If you want to deal with a big headache in a foreign country with no flight to come back try Turkish you might even spend the night at the Istanbul airport where a bottle of water is $3.
 Today is the 1st of November 2023 at KLIA. It is now 22.25 local time. We have been left standing in the queue to check-in for over 1.5 hours now with little explanation apart from the system is down. The ‘managers’ have left their post. The staff have no answers or remedies. There is no service to speak of.
  My recent experience with Turkish Airlines has been extremely disappointing. I used to be a loyal customer, but my recent flights have been nothing short of a nightmare. The flight from Prishtina to Istanbul was delayed for hours, from 8:25 pm to 11:50 pm, with no communication or updates provided. To make matters worse, the flight from Istanbul to Doha was abruptly canceled, leaving passengers in complete darkness with zero information. Upon reaching the airport, I was greeted by an outrageously long queue. While Turkish Airlines did arrange a hotel for us, it was located two hours away from the airport. By the time we were able to check in, it was already 6 in the morning. My rescheduled flight for today at 8:45 pm has been subject to continuous delays, and I am currently stranded at the airport with no information or assistance. Even my attempts to seek help at the Turkish Airlines care point were futile due to the never-ending queue. This entire experience has been a nightmare, and I have never felt so let down by an airline. I can confidently say that I will never choose to fly with Turkish Airlines again. This level of irresponsibility and lack of communication is simply unacceptable. It's been a horrible ordeal that I wouldn't wish on anyone.
  When I arrived in Istanbul from the US my connecting flight to Bucharest had been cancelled. I was given no information in the email/text message about what to do so had to wander around the Istanbul airport international arrivals hall looking for a service desk. When I found it, it was chaos, frustrated customers yelling, TA employees yelling back, no clear lines, no communication, nothing. They had cancelled so many flights to different destinations and left people stranded. Spent over three hours at customer service only to be finally told that they couldn't get me to Bucharest (an hour flight) until the following night (I had arrived in Istanbul at around 9am). Total mess that screwed up an entire itinerary since Bucharest was not my final destination in Romania. Their hospitality consisted of putting out a box of cheese sandwiches and some water. I didn't even get that because by the time I was out of the customer service line all the food and water were gone and God forbid they put out more than one box. Finally I cancelled the connecting flight to Bucharest and booked a bus there from Istanbul. When I told the customer service person to forget the flight to Bucharest, I was taking a bus, he told me that I would not be able to use my return tickets to the US if I cancelled the flight to Bucharest. I argued with him, he asked what passport I was flying on, I said I was American and gave him my US passport and he magically changed his mind and told me I could still have my return flights. Then it took over two hours to find my luggage, this was after I stood in line for about an hour to talk to someone at baggage claim. Other people at baggage claim who had also been stranded were just walking out of the airport without their bags completely exhausted and ticked off. Some of them had been there for hours. It was not just me, passengers were talking to one another and we were all having a miserable experience. The best part? After all of this I found out that Tarom Airlines had seats available from Istanbul to Bucharest that night and it was the same flight as a TA flight. Why they could not put me on that flight I will never understand. My return flight to the US from Istanbul (I flew back to Istanbul from Bucharest on a Friday evening and flew back to the US Sunday afternoon so I could have a one day stopover) was delayed by four hours which meant I got to the US at around 11pm instead of 7pm. Wound up taking a $100 taxi ride home because public transit from the airport stops at midnight on Sunday where I live. Once again, hospitality involved a cheese sandwich and a bottle of water which they gave out when the plane was boarding. No food voucher for the Istanbul airport where I had to wait for seven hours since I arrived three hours early to check in (the email/text message about the flight delay was sent when I was already in the taxi on my way to the airport). Apparently I was supposed to wait to eat until I was in line to board. Now I am going in circles trying to get a refund for the flight. I can't even find out how much the flight cost since I bought all four of my flights at the same time and there is just a lump sum on the receipt. Called customer service and was told to fill out an online feedback form which requires a ticket number to submit. 
  I cannot understand all complaints. Never had a bad experience. Flights on time, food and service excellent. Plane and entertainment great and check-in efficient in Baku and Istanbul. Stewardess very friendly and good service, always a smile and made us very welcome. One of the best and convenient airlines in Europe to travel. 
 Basically one of the WORST airlines I have ever flown with. They over-sell seats on a regular basis. I arrived at the check-in counter only to be told that me and my wife were not guaranteed of seats as the flight was over-booked. They asked us to go to the departure gate and wait at the counter to see if the staff could there could give us seats. If not we were to be given ‘some money’ and put on the next available flight. The staff were treating Caucasians differently from Indians with regard to seat service. The flight from Cappadocia was delayed by one hour and that almost made us miss our connecting flight to Malaysia.
  The flight from Oslo to Istanbul was great and a pure pleasure. The flight between Istanbul to Bangkok was a pure disaster. Due to the fact that the boarding in Istanbul was chaotic, I ended up being downgraded from C-class to Y-class. This made the flight a healthy challenge due to my medical situation. The flight between Bangkok to Khon Kaen was a pleasure flying Thai Smile Airways, and the service was great.
 Flight was delayed for 30 min from Sofia we had connecting flights to Newark, USA. We had to run to catch the next flight it was horrendous. On top of that fly attendants one of them was extremely rude. Not apology nothing! I filled claim about it, they responded with nothing - only apology. They closed the claim and that was it! Unbelievable. Turkish Airlines won’t be my first choice for next time. They have to work on their customer service. I talked to my friends Who used them flying to Lebanon, same situation.
 We were flying from Heathrow to Singapore via Istanbul (what a mistake). Our flight from Heathrow was delayed for three hours so we missed our connection to Singapore. After alighting the aircraft we received no help at all. We were sent from desk to desk in a very very large airport. All Turkish Airline staff were extremely rude and just snarled at us. It was only with the help of a younger passenger that we found a Care Desk (not correctly named). We lined up for an hour and two new boarding passes were thrown at us for a flight at 5pm the next day. We were told to go to the Hotel Desk. No signage at all. We found the desk and queued for another hour to be seen. We are both in our late seventies so this was really troubling to us. We then had to wait for another hour for all passengers to be seen and queued for a coach. The coach then took us for a two hour journey to a hotel. When we arrived we had to queue for another hour to be booked in. By this time it was 6.30am. We only had time for a quick breakfast and a short nap to then be transported back to Istanbul Airport in what was a converted Transit Van. The flight to Singapore was further delayed for another hour. All in all it took us 40 hours to reach Singapore a journey that was supposed to take 15 hours. We have subsequently cancelled our return flight with this terrible airline and have booked at considerable expense on a Singapore Airlines flight. As mentioned before we are both in our seventies and could not risk a repeat of the outward journey. Do not be fooled by the competitive prices this airline charges. You only get what you pay for especially where airlines are concerned.
 The business class is always outstanding compared to European and even Japanese Airlines. The food selection and quality is way better than on other carriers. The welcome drinks, alcoholic and non alcoholic are already special and distinctive. The cabin crew was very kind and professional. The seat is changed into close to a bed, with a comfortable topper. The entertainment selection was very international and good. Wi-Fi is for free unlike at most other airlines.
 Horrible company! Don't fly with them, their customer support is horrible, no one can do a anything and no one is responsible for anything. If something goes wrong you'll spend more money then flying with real, dependable companies. People answering the phones are just checking the system, say they can't do anything, and then hang up.
   When I traveled from Düsseldorf to Ankara with Anadolujet, my suitcase arrived broken. I filed a damage report at the airport. Even though I have sent e-mails many times and submitted all the documents requested through the THY Baggage Services portal, along with photographs showing the damage, I have not received any response for 3 months. I see on the THY Baggage services portal that my file has been transferred to the compensation unit, but I cannot receive any response.
   Took 8 flights from DFW to Rome, and Berlin via Istanbul, between September 5, to October 1, 2023, and all 8 flights were delayed more than an hour, missed 2 connecting flights, and had to rebook and incur more expenses. They lost my luggage and it was finally delivered a week later damaged. Their web site does not offer claim processing but a feedback which goes unanswered and their staff lies about everything. Turkish air will not reimburse the expenses and extra days of trip delays, and will not credit miles for flights either, nor will do anything for inconveniences. 
   Absolutely atrocious service from probably the worst airline in the world when it comes to customer service and baggage retrieval! They lost our bags in Istanbul during our layover despite them being booked direct through to Dubai. We are now sitting on our honeymoon supposed to exploring and having a romantic time eating out so I can spoil my wife, instead we are stuck inside without clothes. You cannot even reach this company to try and locate your bags, our information is entered incorrectly on their system, and our one bag we cannot even locate through them. Do not trust this company at all. You will be disappointed. I expect this company to compensate me for all the clothes I will have to buy and for the inconvenience.
   I am disgusted by the lack of consideration and the dishonesty of this airline. They kept delaying the flight till the airport closed and flight was cancelled. Will not fly with them again.
  Absolutely woeful experience flying with Turkish airlines. Started off the day with a 3hr delay which made me miss their connecting flight. I spent about 12 hours at Istanbul airport with no sign of a transfer on the cards, even after i was told 3hrs into my wait that id be able to catch another flight in 4 hours. The last call time came for that plane and they still weren't able to get the transfer done
  The worst airline in existence. Lost bags twice on both the trip to Munich, and when forwarded to our next destination and refused to admit fault, and hung up when we called to follow up. Do not travel at all costs.
  This is unacceptable! On September 19th, flight TK829 from Beirut to Istanbul was 2 hours late, and flight TK1587 from Istanbul to Frankfurt was 1 hour late. On October 2nd, flight TK1594 was also 2 hours late. Due to these delays, my mom had to switch flights from TK828 to TK0830. The second plane was supposed to board at 6:55 but was 2 more hours late, making it 8 hours late in total. This is not acceptable, especially for older passengers who may struggle with such long delays. We have not received a refund or even an apology!
  Worst experience ever with an airline. Our first flight was delayed 50 minutes, so we missed our connection and had to be rerouted. We arrived 15 hours late to our destination and our luggage arrived 3 days later. On the return flight, we missed our connection. We knew in advance that it was going to be an issue because Turkish Airlines changes the flight time’s leaving only a 30 minute window between flights. Although the change was on their itinerary, they would not change our flights without exorbitant fees until after we missed our connection. This left us stranded in the Istanbul airport for 24 hours. They paid for nothing and didn’t even apologize for the delays. Literally the worst customer service experience. They lied constantly throughout the process to get us to someone else’s desk. Never again. Don’t recommend at all.
  I am pleased to share my pleasant experience during my recent flight with Turkish airlines in Business class. Amongst other staff, Miss Yagmur was very hospitable and courteous to all Indian Senior Citizen passengers on the flight which was very appreciating. I wish her all the best for her career and endeavors.
  It was the first time my flight was overbooked and I didn't know about that until I saw the indefinite seat number on my ticket. I spent too much time in Istanbul Airport looking for help and nobody seemed to care about my situation. That was the first issue I have faced so far. It's getting much more interesting as we go further. I was offered an overnight stay in a good hotel (that's the only pleasant experience that I have received) and a free ticket from Toronto to Istanbul throughout the year. I was promised to get a free ticket via email and I didn't. The next day I went to customer service and they told me they were working to get my ticket as soon as possible and they told me I can relax and go to Toronto. And what happened next? I hadn't received a ticket. I wrote to Turkish Airlines feedback on their web site and waited for more than 3 weeks to get a reply. Well, I received it today and I realize that I have a flight today ( I would like to remind that they told me I could travel the date of my choice). I called customer service again to change the day of my departure and the woman who answered the phone seemed to be careless and told me that I should go to Pearson airport( which takes time and money to get there) and ask them to change the date as there is less than 24 hour till my flight to Istanbul. That was really unpleasant experience and I have to go to the airport now because they told me that I don't have other choice. Will I get my money back for Uber and my time back? Probably not. Totally disappointed.
  
The worst customer service I have received from an airline. Our flight got delayed from Madrid to Istanbul for final destination to Miami. We had the Miami boarding passes already. We ran to the gate and it closed 10 min before without waiting for the already there passengers, not even 10 more minutes to prevent the chaos. The customer service that takes care of this issues is awful and unprofessional, giving the wrong information and lack of directions making the experience more miserable. They didn’t tell us that we needed a Turkish Visa for US Citizens to exit the airport for Hotel Services. It was 3 am, the hotel was one hour away and then we needed to come back 4 hours later for the next flight at 2 pm, it makes no sense at all. We couldn’t get our luggage because was already checked in for the next flight. On top of that, we paid hundreds of dollars for assigned front seats 5 months ago which were not honored for the new flight to Chicago for final destination to Miami (flying with United Airlines with No seats assigned). So, our dreamed trip got downgraded for a delay on a connecting flight. We got row 42 for the new flight as the best effort. First and last trip with this airline that do not care at all about their passengers. 
 Terrible experience with Turkish airline. Flight was due to leave at 18h20, then delay, the delayed again and then told at 8pm cancelled. Stood in a queue for 2.5 hours, no seats, no explanations, no information on compensation or how to organize a hotel ourselves. Finally the cheapest of cheap of hotels with bus trip there, further 20 minutes wait. Around 11pm at the hotel, with two kids and told to be back at the airport following morning at 6:50am 3hours before departure. Never again. Had a cancellation with Easy jet last month. Just so much better experience. I go EasyJet in future. This is a terrible airline. Be warned also if you change through Istanbul twice tried and twice connection failed with 24 hour stopover each time. 3 out 3 failures.
  Turkish Airlines has disappointed us twice. Especially the customer service was very disappointing and made us very upset. We travelled from Düsseldorf via Istanbul to Riyadh and back in Sept 2023. Both ways we had delays. The way there we could not make it to the connecting flight, so we were offered a later flight and a voucher for some food at IST airport. The food court was disappointing, as all the ‘restaurants’ that are on the voucher offer had non vegetarian food. The way back we had a delay as well. We arrived at gate A1. In the airplane they could not give us any information about the connecting flight (whether it would wait for us or not, or about from which gate the connecting flight was leaving). We ran for 25 minutes (and really a sprint) and we made it. Our luggage did not. When we arrived at Düsseldorf airport we made a report with the employee from the lost and found department. She told us the luggage would be sent to our home address. It never happened. 3 days after that we received an email that our luggage arrived in Dusseldorf. But since then we never heard from them again. So frustrating. Customer service of Turkish Airlines said it was not their responsibility anymore, it was the handling office at the airport. The only thing the Airline did was sending emails to this office (we did that as well), but without any result. They never got back to us and did nothing to help us. We sent dozens of emails and called everyday, but without success. In the end we travelled 2 hours back and forth to get our luggage. Besides that, it was not possible to make an official complaint. The customer service on the phone told me to fill in a feedback form, but the reaction on this form said they could not handle this feedback. I cannot believe how bad the service of Turkish Airlines is. Never ever have I’ve experienced something like this.
  Business class on flight TK10 was not 1x2x1 configuration but is 2x2x2, lack of privacy! Flight delayed at LAX and was told by flight attendant on board that arrangements would be made to connect to a later flight, and I would be greeted by agent at gate, upon arrival. No such thing, nothing done. Finally made arrangement myself and arrived Athens after 2:30am,. No compensation, just a sorry. Are you kidding me, when you flew on business class, costing thousands of USD. The lie flat seat malfunctioned at the middle of the flight and there was nothing done to change to another seat as all other business seats were occupied. Told to send email and file complains to Turkish Airlines later. I did file a complain on the business lie flat sleeper seat with the airline, offered 15% discount on future travel before year end 2023. That is it, flight discount on Turkish Airlines. It is only fair to offer at least partial refund in the business class ticket.
  It’s the second time I am flying from jakarta to Europe with Turkish Airlines in less than two months, and I want to express my appreciation and to congratulate them for the exceptional experience on board. Service is flawless, the seat configuration and comfort amazing, from the amenities pouch, to the pashmina, turn down service and inflight entertainment. The most impressive is the quality of their food, the in flight Chef and the taste and quality of food is really great. The staff is available to serve you with a smile. The Cabin Manager Ms Sibel was always super attentive to everything, even the smallest details. Her professionalism and attitude is worth to be mentioned.
  
On all legs of my route there were comfortable seats with lots of leg space. Also the monitor was there for watching movies. With the great selection of movies with high IMDB score. The food was great, real lunch and not just a sandwich. Overall I liked the flight experience lot and now I am happy that I bought the ticket for the next year very long flight with Turkish Airlines.
 I and my wife experienced the worst airline customer care in our life in the journey from Ercan airport, Nicosia, North Cyprus, to Milan Malpensa, Italy, with the connection flight in Istanbul airport, Turkey. I'm 78 years old and collected hundreds of flights during my life. With my age, I've walking problems and, considering the considerable distance between arrival and departure gates in Istanbul airport, we asked Turkish Airlines to have a transportation help at the airport, a wheelchair or other solutions. To make sure of its availability, we called Turkish Airlines three times from the hotel we were staying in Cyprus four, three and two days before leaving, then we asked again in Ercan airport when we checked in for the first fly, all of them confirming the availability of the transportation. When we arrived at Istanbul airport, we didn't find any transportation help. We asked again, but nothing happened. Being short the time before departure, I decided to walk: 72 minute fast walking to join the departure gate. When I arrived I was really in very bad condition! We will never fly again with Turkish Airlines and we would recommend all those people with physical problems to avoid this unreliable company.
  Terrible. When booking seats on the airline’s website, it was shown that row 24E would have extra leg room. Therefore I purchased it for 34USD extra. However, upon boarding of the plane it showed that row 24E was actually behind row 23 (the actual row with the extra leg room) and they refused to compensate for the cost when contacted about this error. Never booking with Turkish Airlines again. Also very stingy and charged for wifi even on long flights.
 Surprised that a wide body was used on this route. However it was a great flight! Comfortable seating and service delivered with a smile by a fantastic, friendly, professional crew. Nothing too much trouble. Will certainly use them again.
  At Denpasar airport we were not given the boarding pass for the next trip as Cathay Pacific said we would get them at a transit desk in HK. But once arrived in Hong Kong we asked to all transit desks and all said Turkish airline had no transit desks in HK airport. We had to get out, go through custom and do the check in again - and we only had 1 h to do everything we almost missed the next flight. My vegan food was tasteless.
  Final leg of journey from Athens to SFO: My wife had a broken foot and was treated poorly by ground and cabin staff. The ground crew could not figure out how to get her on board since she could not walk. Eventually a cabin wheel chair showed up - however this delayed the flight. She could not travel in the extra leg room seat which we had purchased due to regulations - definitely understandable. However, no reasonable effort was made to find a non-emergency bulk head seat by switching passengers to her lost seat (emergency row).  We flew Turkish before Covid and had decent service. They level of service and attitude (especially male flight attendants and ticketing agents) is troubling and highly disappointing. Eventually they will lose  regardless of price point to poor service.
  Flight on 8/31/2023 from IAH to MED. Layover in IST. 4 hour layover flight got cancelled bc the plane didn’t have enough passengers so wait 8 hours for the next flight without any accommodation in the airport. 2. Flight on 9/14/1023 from DXB to IST cancelled due to technical issue with plane. Plane got fixed and was sent empty with all passengers luggage to IST.  New boarding passes issued on 9/14/2023 for IST flight. Plane was too full and 30 passengers had to rebook on another flight. We ended up rebooking with Emirates and coming back home, IAH, instead of going to IST for 3 days. Luggage is still in IST airport. We have AirTags on them. I call TK luggage services every day and they keep telling me they can’t find them. I know my luggage is in the airport and they are not trying to locate it. It’s been 1.5 weeks since we’ve been home without any of our luggage. The worst service I have ever encountered with an airline. Will not be flying with them again. 
 Flight was delayed initially for 30 minutes and this was informed through email and app. Departure was 1 hour behind the schedule and a few passengers had to wait for the next flight due to overbooking. Cabin service was ok, tasty food and drinks. Only music was available as entertainment, no Wi-Fi onboard.
 Flight was right on time, boarding in Biskek chaotic - no business class priority. Cabin crew friendly, good food with Appetizer and main course (3 choices). Free Wi-Fi on board, entertainment system with new release movies. Good job Turkish Airlines!
  I pre-booked my seats for both flights but we were informed that our pre-booked seats for our flight from Istanbul to Heathrow had been allocated to someone else and that the flight had been overbooked and that there may be no seats for us on the flight. However there was no clear explanations or communications and were left waiting at a check in desk, with a 7 year old sitting on floors whilst the check in staff and supervisors desperately tried to resolve the situation. I must say the staff all tried their best, however there was a lack of communication, nobody really knew what was happening and nobody could explain anything to us. Eventually with around 40 minutes until our flight took off we were handed boarding passes with the seat numbers left blank, told to board our flight to Istanbul and once we arrived at Istanbul we would have 3 options which were: There would be seats available and allocated to us or There would not be seats available in which case we would be put on the next available flight and compensated Or there would not be seats available, if the next available flight was not until the next day we would be compensated and accommodated in a hotel overnight. We were then told that our flight from Izmir was delayed. When we landed at Istanbul we had to run to the International transfers and by the time we arrived there I saw I had received a text message that my flight had changed to a flight the next day which would have been sent before we had even landed. At the desk we were informed that seats were found for us on the original flight, however we had missed the flight due to the delayed flight from Izmir. I know that the flight to Heathrow was delayed and was still on the ground and boarding at the time - and we were told in Izmir that the only seat available on the flight was 1 seat in business class. We were automatically changed onto a flight at 14:50 on 27th August. The seats we were given were 6B, 6C and 13A which meant my daughter couldn’t have a window seat and my husband had to spend the flight separated from us. We were then directed to the Turkish Airlines Hotel desk to arrange for overnight accommodation. When we finally reached the desk we then had to wait a further hour or so before we were transported to our accommodation. During which time my daughter was now hungry and tired. I had no choice but to buy food for her.  We were then transported to the Ibis Istanbul airport, and on arrival all I can describe the scene as is carnage. There was no method, no order, nothing, just names randomly called out. The time now was past 10pm. By the time we were allocated a room and were able to get food it was gone 11pm. The next day we were given breakfast at the hotel, however had to buy lunch. To date Turkish airlines have refused to accept responsibility, and even acknowledge the overbooking of the flight and the forced 'bumping' of our seats. They are refusing to pay us compensation for the delay or the bumping of our seats and continuously give different excuses to validate the delay to avoid paying compensation. Absolutely disgraceful customer service from Turkish airlines. 
  My family had flight from Antalya Airport to St. Petersburg, Russia on September 7th. At check in the staff suggested that my child had some kind of illness (he had just mosquito bites on the face). She sent us to the doctor's office without explaining anything. We tried to explain to her that these were mosquito bites, but it didn't help. We went to the doctor. He said it was probably insect bites or dermatitis after briefly examining the child. He said that there was no reason for them to prohibit us from flying. But the airline needs a report, and they can do it. It just costs $100. Personally, we didn’t need this report. An airline representative needed it! At the same time, we had to pay, but no one warned us about this. And the report that was carried out had no force in any case. We returned to the check desk, explaining the situation that it was definitely not an infection, as the girl suggested. And that we are not ready to pay $100 just for a doctor’s signature in this ridiculous situation. But no one even wanted to talk to us. Everyone, including the “not the most loyal” female supervisor, just repeated the phrase “these are company rules, you won’t fly away without a report. 3 minutes left before registration.” The comical situation was that we did not have enough cash! and Russian cards are not accepted. In the end, we were left with no choice - we ran around the airport looking for cash. And thanks God we found money! We had to pay $100 for the sign in a report saying that the child had common dermatitis! The employee preparing the documents promised to send me an online check by mail for presentation to the insurance company within 2 minutes. We couldn't wait to check this because we might have missed boarding. I checked that he recorded my email correctly. And know what? I didn't receive it. Then I wrote letters to everyone for several days to finally receive my check. You know, this is not a question of money at all. I can certainly handle losing $100 for nothing. But here is the fact that the airline employees were not friendly at all, not even trying to help. I wrote a complaint to the airline. The answer was "amazing". It all came down to the fact that "misunderstandings happens"! So if you have to fly with this company be careful at check desk. Especially if you are going to fly with kids. And defend your opinion. It is a pity that such things remain unnoticed by the airline management.
 I am really dissatisfied with the Turkish Airlines claim department. I came back from a trip on 7/25/23. My luggage came in late which wouldn't be a problem but I received my luggage completely damaged. I filed the claim right after I received my luggage. It's been already 2 months and I never heard back from the claim department. I have been calling every single day and the customer service representative keeps telling me that they put in urgent requests about it but I am still not getting updates. I am traveling again and I need a new suitcase but I still didn't receive my refund from Turkish Airlines. This happened to me with Lufthansa and they solved my problem in 2 weeks and I received a refund right away. I am going to keep calling every day until I get my refund back. Shame on you Turkish airlines, I know now that I will never travel with them again.
  I arrived in Istanbul from Ghana on 16th September 2023 with my wife for our wedding anniversary and to tour the country. But the experience has been very disappointing with Turkish Airlines not being able to promptly address my concerns about my luggage which did not arrive with me in Istanbul. After making a complaint with Turkish baggage service center in Istanbul, I was told my luggage never left Kotoka Airport in Accra. It’s been three days and I’ve still not gotten my luggage. 
  The departure from BHX was 233 minutes delayed, so that the connection at Istanbul was missed. Knowing this it was expected that TK Ground Staff would meet the Aircraft on arrival in Istanbul to provide assistance. No one appeared, and Passengers were left in Limbo. Assistance within Istanbul Airport was very reluctantly provided by TK Ground Staff with incredible ignorance, disinterest, arrogance and total lack of interest. I finally spent some 65 hours doing an 18 hour journey via Dubai. I would never use Turkish Airlines again even if it was free.
  Worst experience ever, flights were delayed twice and we ended up stuck in Antalya for more than 24 hours. Accommodation provided was worst and staff was borderline rude, behaving like they are doing us a favour. 
  Upon arrival at the airport for our trip from Brussels to Yogjakarta (Indonesia) it appeared that our flight was cancelled at the latest moment. We were told that a birdstrike was the cause but this is very questionable. After a waiting time of 8 hours at the airport in Brussels, Turkish Airlines were finally able to give us another route to Jakarta but not until our final destination of Yogjakarta. This forced us to book a hotel in Jakarta and a new flight to Yogjakarta. In the end we arrived 24 hours later at our destination Yogjakarta than originally foreseen. After our trip, we tried to claim the additional cost of €400 we had to pay ourselves (hotel cost + new flight cost to Yogjakarta). Despite being able to give all necessary documentation, Turkish Airlines refused to refund. We lost a full day of our trip but the airline was not able to give the little compensation we were asking. We will not be flying with Turkish Airlines anymore!
  Boarding in Istanbul delayed more than two times. Cabin crew friendly and helpful. Meal was ok, main course with 3 choices. Entertainment ok, with many movies available. Arrival delayed by almost 1 hour. Luggage delivery within 40 minutes.
  I would like to file a complaint regarding my recent experience with Turkish Airlines due to their subpar service. Before embarking on my long-haul flight, I attempted to contact their customer service at to inquire about making changes. Regrettably, reaching them was quite challenging, and I endured a frustrating half-hour hold time without receiving any assistance. When it was time for my family and me to board our flight from Barcelona to Singapore, Turkish Airlines inexplicably separated us. Despite having booked our seats together as three passengers, we found ourselves scattered apart. Naturally, we voiced our discontent, as it's unreasonable to split a family on such a lengthy journey, especially after reserving specific seats. Adding to the frustration, the airline sent me numerous confusing emails with 5 days before my flight, suggesting that my seats reservation had been refunded. These emails were unclear and seemed to be plagued by technical issues, causing further anxiety and uncertainty. Furthermore, I must highlight that the customer service assistants, both in Barcelona and Istanbul, were notably rude and appeared to lack proper training. Their unhelpful demeanor and lack of responsiveness further compounded our dissatisfaction with the airline's service. It was evident that they were ill-prepared to provide the level of service one would expect from a reputable airline, leaving us with a disappointing overall experience. Upon boarding the flight, the only solution I found was to negotiate with another passenger who had been assigned the seat my wife should have been assigned. Thankfully, this person agreed to switch seats, but this situation was far from ideal. Considering that Turkish Airlines is part of the Star Alliance group, this level of service is unacceptable. I cannot recommend Turkish Airlines to others based on my experience, and I have no intention of using this airline in the future.
  The flight was delayed and under EU261 my hubby and I were owed 600 Euros each. I started requesting my refund on July 13th. It is now September 15th and still nothing. I was told over a month ago that the hubby and I qualified for a refund but nothing. I have called over 30 times/use their help request format and filled out their "feedback" over 20 times/was told to contact the Miami office (which has no phone number so you can only contact via email). Emailed the representative from Miami 38 times to which I have received 9 replies which offer very little help. Last I heard from him was September 1st asking me where I wanted my refund transferred to. Well, it's now September 15th. I have c but he also has not replied to the numerous emails that I have sent him requesting the status of my refund. I have had so many problems with this airlines. After purchasing seats so that the hubby and I would get to sit next to each other, our seats were not given to us. Had to call several times to fix that problem. Some of the stewardess were plain rude. One of their phone reps told me to "shut up" literally. Overall the worst customer service I have every experienced. Only pro: Food was good and plentiful on the plane.
 Absolutely appalled at the quality of the website and worse off, the service. Prior to the flight 2 days ago, I purchased a window seat. When checking in online, I realized that it’s been automatically switched to a different seat altogether, an aisle one. When I called into support to remedy it, I was told that the seat that I purchased has been taken up, this happens quite often. Whilst I accept that sometimes issues happen, the service by Turkish airlines made it much worse. After being told that it happens quite often, I was told the only way to remedy it is to 1. Write a feedback form with the screenshot of the payment (I don’t know why, she could see it in the system down the the exact seat I bought) 2. Wait to get the support ticket number via email 3. Call back into support with the ticket number so that they can help me try to get the seat back. What?! Why must I submit a ticket to get a new support ticket number, then call back to give the support number? Why can’t she help me straight away. After calling this out, I was then told *i” was the one who made the mistake because I checked in online when I’ve bought a seat. Thank you, I did not know that Turkish airlines website is from 1980s and I did not know I’m not supposed to check in online when I’ve purchased a seat. Absolutely gobsmacked. Oh, and I was told to be at the airport 3hrs early to fix this. Third class airline.
 Our flight has a 3hrs delay so we lost our corresponding flight and we were waiting for more 5hrs for our corresponding flight. In total 8hrs and as they apply the Turkish law they refuse any compensation. The agents in Istanbul hardly speak English and are rude when the whole flight was expecting to change their boarding pass for the next available flight. Bad customer service and overall customer experience. I do not recommend it, and I will avoid any future flight with Turkish Airlines. I cannot even understand why they are member of Star Alliance when they do not speak English.
  I would never consider using Turkish Airlines again, we had a pretty miserable experience with TK. Our roundtrip to Singapore it has been just a continuous annoying trip: our 4 flights were delayed, very crampy seats even on the new A350. Kids menu never arrived even if it was booked a lot before the departure date and the new IST Airport is just a massive shopping mall with atrocious prices with very long walk from gate to gate; connection flights are displayed just 30 minutes before boarding so you have to literally run throughout the airport to find your gate.
 Awful customer service. Several delays without notice or apology. They didn't bother when I asked the reason why the flight delayed. Chief of cabin crew said "This is not a bus for you, flights usually delay, if you don't like this never come to Turkish Airlines". What a reply from an unprofessional, untrained and illiterate staff. Definitely not buying a ticket from Turkish Airlines again.
 Flight delayed by half an hour, boarding very organized - row based. Cabin crew was friendly, food was good, selection from 23 main courses. Seat - recliner armchair with footrest. Infotainment did not function.
 I have flow with Turkish Airlines transatlantic several times – flights were on time, flight attendants were courteous, entertainment was fine and food served was of high quality. Yet, as some of you know one negative personal experience could turn your favorable impression of a company upside-down. What happened is that I booked a flight from Boston to Istanbul October 2022. The fight was supposed to leave the night of December 25. I learnt that flight had been cancelled only upon arriving to the airport (no prior email!) – TA counter was deserted and there was no one to talk to. I called TA customer service the next morning but their response to my plight was callous and they made no effort to find me an alternative flight. I asked TA for a refund, but my request was starkly denied! Furthermore, responding to a dispute, I submitted to my credit card company, TA argued that I am the one who was at fault, because I had not shown-up for the flight! Only in mid-March, thanks to the help of Dept. of Transportation, TA agreed to refund me after I fill out a form. Yet, this was not the end of it. I was expecting the refund to arrive by end April- nothing! It took many more emails and numerous phone calls until I was finally reimbursed by the end of June 2023. My dealing with Turkish Airlines customer service was awful: Their main goal is not to serve customers (things happen), but to wear you down until average Joe gives up. Learn from my experience.
  I have travelled all over the world but my trip last week with Turkish Airlines was truly awful. This was a special family trip and we spent a lot of money on business flights. We arrived at Singapore airport in September 2023 to note a flight delay. I explained that  we would not get on the flight unless we were reassured that we would not have problems with our connection from Istanbul to London.  We were told by Turkish airlines ground staff not to worry. If we missed our connection there were seats on the next flight  just 2 hours later and we and our luggage would be reassigned. On the basis of this reassurance we got on the flight. We arrived from Singapore in Istanbul at 6.15pm, late. There was no explanation or apology at any point. We missed our connecting flight as a result. Ground staff have no ability to find a new flight it seems.  The flight that we were meant to be reassigned to does not have any seats and never seemingly did. We ourselves find flights from another airport using Google.  It takes over 2 hours and much frustration to sort out new flights. We are asked to sign waiver forms in order to be provided with our new tickets. We refuse and have to demand that the tickets be printed and handed over. Our new flight is the next day from the other side of Istanbul.  Now for luggage, which we need to collect.  Scenes of chaos greet us when getting luggage.  We arrive to find very many people waiting. About 30 at least.  We had been told that our luggage would be waiting for us (they claim to have called). It takes over another hour to get our luggage which has in part been lost for a period.  Again we are asked to sign forms.  We refuse.    Then we need to get a hotel sorted. Again we are told that this would be easy. It’s not. There is a queue of about 40 people. Another wait and very slow.   We then spent an hour in a shuttle bus to our hotel.   We arrived at the hotel at midnight.  This has taken 6 hours since landing. Having been told that the hotel would be in Central Istanbul. It is clearly not but instead it’s near the other airport. There’s a stray dog in the hotel lobby. Our flight the next day to London is also delayed by almost 2 hours.  We arrive eventually in London after 6.00 pm London time. Total trip time from Singapore to London 41 hours.  
  They allow 60 minutes for a connecting flight in the Istanbul Airport, which the means the baggage can be lost or delayed as in my case, the baggage tracing is miserable, no one answers the phone.  There was a flight the same day, a few hours later, but I have still not received my luggage 24 hours after arrival. The airline is a disgrace.
  I used to like Turkish Airlines a few years ago. Their service and catering quality has gone down and down. The cabin crew are pretty rude and don’t care about passengers’ requests. 
 We missed our connection to Istanbul because the plane arrived at the gate too late and the journey between gate A and gate F where we were to take our second flight is the furthest in the airport with the addition of passage to again, to safety. We came running to the gate and they closed the plane door in front of us. The plane remained after 20 minutes on the tarmac without moving! We went straight to the office so we could catch another flight. Not only, supposedly, no more flights possible on the same day but only two days later! The only possible flight on the same day that we could take was in business class which we had to pay for without any possible compensation even though I am a platinum member with Star Alliance! A shame! And what's more, our screens didn't work during the flight! Avoid this airline at all costs!
  Very poor experience with Turkish Airlines. Not even possible to choose your own seat for free. You need to pay extra €20/person per leg to choose your seat. Both flights were delayed. The first one (to Bali) 2 hours, the second one (to Malaga) 5 hours. We were told no compensation would be provided. We received a very poor sandwich and warm soft drinks at the gate "as only compensation" for 5 hours of delay. Insane that not even airport vouchers are provided on a €1500 flight. Overall very poor experience from what I thought to be one of the better airlines.
  Horrible experience and will never repeat it!! My biggest issue is not with the unhelpful staff, but mostly with the planes the airline uses! Even Air France is roomier which says a lot. Passengers are classless also, no manners all around, people fighting because they put their seats back and sit in your lap basically for 14 hours! I flew this airline 10 years ago and regret doing it again now! Never ever again even if they give me free flights!
  As someone who has been a loyal Turkish Airlines customer for a considerable time i recently accumulated around 50,000 Miles and Smiles points. i was excited to use these points to book a flight and maybe even upgrade my seats. However, my experience with the Miles and Smiles program has been incredibly frustrating. According to the Turkish Airlines app and website, members should be able to use their points to purchase tickets or reduce the cost. I attempted to do this multiple times online, but each time we reached the final step, an error message appeared, directing me to contact customer service. I followed the instructions and visited a Turkish Airlines sales office in Dubai, where i was told that i needed 65,000 points to use them for ticket purchases. This contradicted the information available online. Additionally, when i asked to at least use my points to book seats, I was told it wasn't possible at the office. I called the provided number for assistance, but after waiting for over 30 minutes, i received no help and were advised to contact the website help department. This inconsistency in information and lack of support has left me disappointed and questioning the transparency of the Miles and Smiles program. I feel frustrated and let down by Turkish Airlines' customer service. I hope Turkish Airlines can address these issues promptly and ensure that the program's terms and conditions are clear and consistent both online and in their offices. I love flying with Turkish Airlines and want to continue doing so, but these recent experiences have left me with doubts. 
  Raised a complaint (which they make it almost impossible to raise) followed up by email, WhatsApp and still no responds, apart from a text message weeks down the line advising it is now closed without any feedback, apology, nothing. So the process begins again, logging another complaint and it goes on and on.
 I booked flights with THY months ago. I arranged car rental and accommodation accordingly. A few weeks prior to the flight I received an email regarding the schedule change. Then I went to airport and checked in and when I was about to enter the flight but the staff couldn’t find my name. It took a while to enter the flight. I asked them a couple of times to make it sure my baggage is in the plane. They confirmed it was in it. However, my baggage was lost. It caused such a stress and change of plans. I called THY almost every day to follow up and change my return flight and receive a refund. However, no positive response yet. I received my baggage thanks to positive and friendly attitude of airport team but THY failed. They also get delayed flights frequently. I’d avoid using them at any cost.
  I had to book in an emergency asap so only available airlines specified on my dates was Turkish Airlines. Customer service is way below 0, it’s like they don’t want to help you and they are forced to help you which is not helpful at all. Their app is unresponsive and their hotline is always has an excuse not to operate or give you the run around.  They have charged me but no allocation. My luggage was damaged and not even an apology. Airport floor staff is well trained to not help you. I have tried to check in to my flight 48 hours prior and the response is we are currently down, call customer service and then customer service will contact you and the run around continues. At the desk I am showing them what I’m going through on paper and I’m still on time and they are willing to get me in if I checked in but still not accepting their own fault. This is last time I will ever use Turkish Airlines.
  In Bali we were delayed by 4 hours. We were supposed to fly at 9:05 PM but left at 12:50 AM. As a result, we missed our transfer to Turkey, so we got a new flight. Instead of at 7.30 am we now fly at 7.20 pm. So we have to spend 11.5 hours at the AirPort in Istanbul. At 8.15 we landed at Istanbul AirPort. We went to an information point. We were then sent to the Turkish Airline counter where there was a very long line. We were then taken to another counter. When we arrived at the counter, we were taken out of the queue as a group “Amsterdam”. So we got hope that we could freshen up a bit. Wait again. We were told that we could go to a hotel at the AirPort itself. The lady who guided us was very rude because according to her it was not her problem but ours and according to her it was not part of her job. When we arrived at the hotel, the man said it was private so they couldn't help us. The lady had already disappeared, what should we do now? Back to the counter. There they said they couldn't help us. We could go to a hotel in Istanbul ourselves, but we were not told where to go and how. Because we didn't know how to get to a hotel, we decided to stay at the AirPort itself out of necessity. Which gave us a lot of stress. We met two guys who had the same flight as us. From Bali to Turkey and from Turkey to the Netherlands. 1 of those boys called his mother to call Corendon. Corendon would call Turkish airlines and if all goes well he would be called back. That never happened. We stood in line at the counter again and with a lot of sighs we received 1 voucher per person to get food. We could only get fast food there and not a good meal. (Already walked 4 km and more than 5700 steps further, very large AirPort where we were sent from pillar to post.) Not to mention how unfriendly they are. His knee bothers me a lot and when we had to follow someone they yelled at us that it's actually not her job to take us. And we had already asked her three times if she wanted to walk a little more slowly. We were ignored and no one wanted to help us. 11.30 at the food counter where we sat until 6pm without anyone looking after us. Then we went after the gate and finally we left at 7:20 PM. All in all we were on the road for about 36 hours with one small meal and a lot of discomfort. We experienced this as a major blemish on our holiday and hope that Corendon will take up this matter and can do something for us. Op Bali zijn we 4 uur vertraagd. We zouden 21.05 vliegen maar gingen 00.50 weg. Hierdoor mistte we onze overstap op Turkije waardoor we een nieuwe vlucht kregen. In plaats van om 7.30 vliegen we nu om 19.20. Dus moeten 11,5 uur vertoeven op de AirPort in Instanbul. Om 8.15 zijn we geland op Instanbul AirPort We zijn naar een informatiepunt gegaan. Vervolgens werden we naar de Turkish Airline balie gestuurd waar een hele lange rij stond. We werden daarna meegenomen naar een andere balie. Bij de balie aangekomen werden we als groep “Amsterdam” uit de rij gehaald. We kregen dus hoop dat we ons een beetje konden opfrissen.Weer wachten. Er werd ons verteld dat we naar een hotel konden op de AirPort zelf. De dame die ons daarin begeleide was zeer onbeleefd want het was volgens haar niet haar probleem maar de onze en het hoorde volgens haar niet bij haar werk. Bij dat hotel aangekomen zei die man dat het privé was dus ze ons niet konden helpen. De dame was inmiddels alweer verdwenen, wat moesten we nu. Weer terug naar de balie. Daar zeiden ze dat ze ons niet konden helpen. We konden zelf naar een hotel in Istanbul, maar waar we dan naar toe moesten en hoe werd ons ook niet verteld. Omdat we niet wisten hoe we bij een hotel moesten komen zijn we maar uit nood op de AirPort zelf gebleven . Wat ons heel veel stress gaf. We hebben twee jongens ontmoet die dezelfde vlucht hadden als wij. Vanuit Bali naar Turkije en vanuit Turkije naar Nederland. 1 van die jongens heeft zijn moeder gebeld om Corendon te bellen. Corendon zou Turkish airlines bellen en als het goed is zou hij terug gebeld worden. Dat is nooit gebeurd. We zijn weer bij de balie in de rij gaan staan en daar kregen we met veel zuchten 1 bon per persoon om eten te halen. We konden daar alleen fast food mee halen en geen goede maaltijd. (Inmiddels al 4 km gelopen en ruim 5700 stappen verder, heel groot AirPort waar we van het kastje naar de muur zijn gestuurd.) En nog niet niet te spreken over hoe onvriendelijk ze zijn. Ik heb veel van mij last van zijn knie en toen we iemand moesten volgen werd er naar ons geschreeuwd dat het eigenlijk niet haar baan is om ons te brengen. En we hadden al drie keer aan haar gevraagd of ze iets rustiger wilde lopen. We zijn genegeerd en niemand wilde ons helpen. 11.30 bij foodcounter waar we vervolgens zonder dat er verder nog naar ons omgekeken is tot 18:00 hebben gezeten. Daarna na de gate gegaan en uiteindelijk konden gingen we 19:20 weg. Al met al zijn we ongeveer 36 uur onderweg geweest met een kleine maaltijd en veel ongemak. Wij hebben dit ervaren als een grote smet op onze vakantie en hopen dan ook dat Corendon deze zaak oppakt en nog iets voor ons kan betekenen.
  My first Turkish Airlines transit flight was delayed and we missed the connection because of Turkish Airlines flight delay. We had to wait for another 14 hours in the airport to get a new connection flight, they did not provide us any hotel stay as compensation, only a meal at one of the 5 outlets (we had a burger as a meal!). I started my flight on Wednesday, and reached my destination on Friday, though my transit flight was supposed to be only 9 hours in total. Overall, I was extremely surprised on the rudeness and lack of minimal customer service provided by all their staff, at all levels. Staff are very rude, and they do not even smile or look at your face while talking! As if they are doing you a favor. All employees were very rude, with very poor communication/customer service skills. Never ever again I would book with this airline.
  The worst airline experience of my life! My first flight was delayed and we missed the connection. To our huge surprise, they’re “system” by mistake, thinking that we were a no show, cancelled our connecting flight and our return flights! We spent the whole night discussing with the airport staff that was presenting no solution rather than going back home and losing out full holiday. Only after hours of literal begging we got a ticket for a flight that landed 12 hours later than planned, with lost of money for no show at our hotel. Flying back our flight cancelled and after 2 hours of poor communication we have been sent to a 4 hours line at ticket office. Ground staff in Tbilisi was overwhelmed and not helpful or empathetic. TK needs to solve issues with systems, ground staff training and contingency plans. Their on board service is good but I won’t believe they will keep being a high rated airline unless they drastically change their customer service.
  Incompetent and disrespectful staff. From the flight attendant to the ticket and checkin counter, the employees were all very rude to me. Never ever again I would book with this airline.
 My recent experience with Turkish Airlines was marred by unprofessional behavior from a cabin crew member, inadequate customer service, and a lack of timely and satisfactory resolution. I hope that by sharing my experience, the airline will recognize the importance of addressing such issues promptly and appropriately. I would strongly reconsider choosing Turkish Airlines for my future travels, as customer satisfaction and respectful treatment should always be a top priority.
 Really lousy customer service, they just push a you a side like trash. For a company that is a great airlines nothing matched. All talk. They refuse to print our connecting flight boarding pass, they made us run like lunatics.
  Return flight to Zurich to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul, my experience with Turkish Airlines turns bad. We reached departure lounge when the last bus was on the tarmac and staff took our boarding pass to process. But some more senior officer stopped them. He was rude and refused to talked to us. Instead he had a staff usher us upstairs to rebook the tickets. First offering business class which we can't afford. Then settled for 24 hr delay to the next day.  Was told we not entitled to any room or aid. Ended up spending nearly US 500+ more with a flight all endorsed and ready to go. Please don't let this happen to other unwitting passengers. First time, but never again Turkish Airlines.
  We flew with Turkish Airlines from DXB to Madrid. It was the worst overall travel experience. We were delayed 3 hours, This delay not only disrupted our travel plans but also caused us to miss important connecting flight and commitments upon arrival at our final destination of Madrid. Throughout the duration of the delay, there was a distinct lack of communication from the airline regarding the reasons behind the delay and the expected departure time. Passengers were left uninformed and anxious when most if not all had connecting flights. There was no clear information provided by staff. Additionally, when passengers inquired about the status of the flight at airport and on the flight, the staff exhibited lack of professionalism by saying nothing, and lack of concern for our well-being. Also once boarded, at no point did captain or cabin crew make an announcement apologising for the long delay and advise what to do when we all landed in Istanbul for our connecting flights. Upon arrival to Istanbul, again there was a distinct lack of communication or compassion from the airline staff informing the procedure to passengers on what to do and where to go within the airport to reschedule our failed connection flights. Everyone was left in a panic. Staff at Istanbul were unhelpful. Eventually when we all arrived at a desk to reschedule the missed connection flight, new tickets were issued, and we had to sprint as fast as we could through the airport to the gate for boarding. It was all a mad rush! While checking in for the return flight, we were flabbergasted when Turkish Airlines website advised our flight had changed, did we want to cancel or rebook. We called Turkish Airlines in Madrid several times, nobody answered, we sent several WhatsApp messages through the Smart App, and it wasn't surprising that Turkish Airlines never once replied to any of our messages. From Madrid Airport to when we landed in Istanbul we had literally to scramble and run so fast from one end of the airport to the other end to make the boarding. The onboard food services were inadequate. This lack of attention to the quality of onboard services further contributed to a negative overall travel experience.
 The organization is horrible. I was waiting 4 hours in the airport just to find out that my flight is moved to the next day and waited hours to get to my hotel paid by them at 1am.
 Departure in Brussels was delayed, something which is not uncommon with Turkish Airlines and as a result we were going to miss our connecting flight. Luckily, the connecting flight was also delayed so we had approximately 30-45min from landing to reach the gate and still get our connecting flight. However, rather than helping us to reach the connection flight in time, Turkish Airlines delayed our de-boarding from the aircraft and when we could finally step out of the aircraft we were brought with a bus to the gate at the exact opposite of where our connecting flight was departing from. Requests for assistance were made and while all of this happened in Istanbul (home base of Turkish Airlines), nothing was done or even suggested to help with the result that we missed our connecting flight with 10 minutes. Following this the difficulties started to get a new flight for which we had to wait 24 hours, a hotel was luckily provided but by the time we arrived in the hotel it was 6am another 4 hours later. When requesting compensation as per the EC regulations, Turkish Airlines refuses to adhere to its obligations.
 Had a 36 hours flight from hell. Originated from Tehran the plane was delayed 2/5 hours. In Istanbul missed my connection flight to London by 5 mins. (By same airline). They put me on a flight for 4 hours later and a McDonald voucher. But that one was canceled however, they refused to give me a hotel until 7pm! So much fights and arguments with staff! They gave me a hotel only until 4 am next day. (Few hours in the hotel) they picked me up 5 hours early for the next day flight at 9 pm! I could not understand. Probably trying to cut corners and save money. Staff rude and absolutely vile all the way through. No compassion whatsoever. Treated me like I'm nothing! Shouting at me. Ignoring me! So basically, I started my journey 12 midnight and reach London 36 hours later, traumatised!
  Competitively priced; Buggy App, erratic UX Preboarding. Chaotic check in, too few desks despite available personnel; some open then closed again; took 50+ minutes. Insufficient legroom (A350-900), broken seat pocket, personal belongings fell right through. Mostly friendly flight attendants, good entertainment system, dirty lavatories. After arrival damaged luggage, Resolution process was opaque and took five weeks, TK ultimately contradicted my submission by remotely determining that luggage is not damaged.
 On 20th August, 2023, I traveled with Turkish Airlines from Bangkok to Munich via Istanbul. I arrived in Istanbul with a delay of 1 hour 45 minutes, so my connection time dropped to 40 minutes. I did run from the arrival gate in the D sector of Istanbul airport, passing security, to the departure gate for the Munich in the A sector. I arrived there 15 minutes before the departure. A couple of people were still at the gate. I showed my boarding pass and TK denied my boarding. They said in a rude way, that somebody has moved me to the next flight. No SMS, no mail, no information, no excuse, Passenger hospitality is a term TK in Istanbul is not aware of. The crew and service in the air was great, but unfortunately TK doesn't reach this level on ground.
  On 13th July, 2023, I traveled with Turkish Airlines from Delhi to Stockholm via Istanbul. I missed the connecting flight and Turkish Airlines made me pay for putting us on the next flight. The staff for Turkish Airlines at the customer service desk were rude to me. I had 1 hr 10 mins to make it to my connection. The plane arrived 10 minutes late, we were ferried to the airport terminal on buses and there was a security queue for transfers. Then the walk to the other side of the airport led to missed connection and the customer service desk asked me ludicrous amount to put on the next flight. Overall flight services and cabin crew are nice but the ground staff and systems for Turkish Airlines is designed to be exploitative.
  When booking the flight on Booking.com 47 days before the flight I ordered the vegetarian meal. The airline forgot my order and the cabin crew tried blameshifting it to me by claiming I ordered it too late instead of looking for solutions. The customer service is unhelpful and I will be without meal on my return flight again. 
  Very bad attitude of employees at the airport towards passengers. I had a reserved return flight and they tried to postpone it when I boarded the plane. This is the second time that there is an excess number of passengers on the flight. Terrible experience. The employees do not know English. 
 Turkish Airlines is definitely the worst airline I ever taken! I need to do a transfer in Istanbul, and the check in time for second flight is only roughly 83min, while the first flight is 90 min late, no staff helped me, and when I'm asking for solutions, they only switch to their next flight worse far worse seat and send me away.
 The cabin was very hot. Flight was 2 hours late, and no one trying to explain to me what’s going on. If you ask Turkish Airlines staff they don’t even give me answer. Last time flying with Turkish Airlines.
 I flew Turkish Airlines about a week ago and our flight was delayed 6 hours. It was truly a waste of money. Horrible food and service. Planes were untidy and dirty with the bathroom 0/10, do not recommend flying here. And also expensive tickets for a horrible airline.
 I have flown Turkish Airlines many times. I felt it is time to review the airline. On the outbound leg: IST to Lagos I got a very outdated business class seat. When booking the flight they promote and show the picture of the new business class product. Even the new business class seat is not up to the standards of other airlines. Service was bad, my food was average.  On the way back from Lagos. the plane had a 3 hour delay which made me lose the connection to Dubai. They put me on the 4th available flight from Istanbul to Dubai. Not the first one, the 4th one. I checked the flights before if I wanted to buy a ticket and there were available flights in Business. 
 Turkish Airlines is a waste of money. Not keeping to scheduled flight time and no compensation for cost arising from delays. Very poor service and I don't advise anyone to use it.
 I understand sometimes things can go wrong and not all flights I have with them I am enthusiastic about but the fact is Turkish really seem to have got their act together. Spacious cabin, nice hot meal, selection of drinks and onboard entertainment: no other airline flying this route gives so much service. Turkish truly deserves the name of full service carrier, no doubt!
  The plane was delayed in Amsterdam. Our bags were left behind in Istanbul. The one bag was sent on the next flight to our final destination. The second bag was left on the baggage trolley in a plane parking bay at Gate F. I could see the bag, as it had an airtag in it. In Bishkek, the final destination, we opened a case. Two days went by, and the bag still hadn't moved. After two days of calls, emails, pleading, and begging, the bag was moved to Gate F and send to Iran. How many times can it go wrong? I need the bag as it has all my cycling gear, for a race I was supposed to do in Kyrgyzstan. Now I can't do the race. Lots of time and money lost. We have tried explaining to Turkish Airlines that they need a manager to simply take control, as we have done their "investigation" for them. The airtag tells us exactly where the bag is. Do not fly Turkish Airlines if you wish to be on time and to have your baggage arrive.
 This was the first time I had flown with Turkish Airlines and it was severely unpleasant. I did not receive any notification to check in before my flight, not by email nor mobile, even though I opted for it. The flight was incredibly uncomfortable, staff were unfriendly and the food was very low quality and tasted foul. The worst of all was their customer service. I have never experienced such poor customer service - you may as well speak to an auto responder. Add the fact that they charge more than Emirates and it’s just an absolute rip off. Save your money and avoid the stress by flying with a decent airline.
 My experience with the whole trip which was from USA to Jordan, Jordan to UK, UK to USA, was horrible! all the flights were delayed and I missed my flight going to UK and I had to take a hotel which was a horrible experience. Staff were rude and unhelpful, they speak Turkish with me while I don't understand it, I spent 3 hrs just looking for the hotel desk in the airport to figure out how to get into the hotel, no one gives any right information. When I came back to USA all my luggage was not there although I waited 6 hrs in the airport till my next flight to USA, and had to wait 4-7 days till I got them all and were damaged! The flight to USA was full board there was no single chair empty, 16 hrs flying with all these people, it was not comfortable and suffocating, staff were so rude! Never again with Turkish Airlines. Horrible experience.
 After booking a business class trip to Antalya, we received an email from Turkish Airlines that our return portion of the trip was cancelled. After no alternatives were provided and multiple calls to the call centre with no return options offered we had to suggest options to try and get back home ourself. We were told that were were covered under the passenger rights so we would be compensated for the inconvenience. After being downgraded for one section and having to pay to spend an extra night in our hotel and over 5 hours on the phone to Turkish Airlines Customer Service we had a solution that would take us almost three times as long to get home, but we had an option. Come the day of flight our ticket was downgraded and we were being asked to pay extra to fly in the class we had paid in full for already. After 2.5h of pleading with the ticket office at Antalya the manager did the right thing and got us into the last two remaining seats on the second leg in our original class. Once we put in the claims for compensation as instructed by Customer service, under EU passenger rights, we were informed that the airlines does not need to pay us anything as they send us an SMS over 14 Days before alerting us of the canceled leg. No SMS was received. The only confirmed evidence of us being notified was the day we flew out while we were in the air. TK customer service suggestion was to request to cancel our return flight and find our own way back.
  The meal I was served  on board left a lot to be desired, I couldn't choose on the return flight but had to take only what they had available. They did not give me the boarding pass even though I sent them an email in this regard. They told me that it is not necessary and that I will solve it at the airport! 
 Worst airline experience ever. Always delayed, don't rearrange flights until you land, and may not offer a next flight, can be delayed several days. Customer service is poor, staff barely speak English and have poor manners. Istanbul airport is a mess, staff don't speak English, huge airport that is difficult to navigate. They don't honor the seats you pay for on the airplane. Never flying again.
 One of the worst experience for our upcoming flight from Mumbai to Zurich via Istanbul we have paid full amount for seat selections but due to there technical issue and IT problem we are wating for allotment of seats even after repeated calls to Customer Care Support who are completely unsupportive and not able to understand the problem of passenger the problem is not resolved pathetic staff and customer support who are not even able to understand English language. How come they are been hired while taking money in advance is fine but solving the passengers problem they need 10 days time limit wow what a gesture by the airline company. I would say that Indian airline companies are better than this at least they understand the passengers problem. even after paying full amount for seat selection the seats are not allotted and calling them for the same is waste of time and its like banging your head. Worst third grade rating for the Airline Staff
 Turkish Airlines has changed since the first time I flew them in 2013. The legroom on both flights were not good enough for such a long haul flight. The first leg was a Boeing 777-300ER from Miami to Istanbul where the aircraft was quite dated and needed repairs, the tray table was dirty, TV screen was sticky. The transit time at Istanbul Airport was quite rushed as we landed late at Istanbul and was in a hurry to catch the connecting flight to Bangkok which was supposed to depart 1 hour after my flight from Miami landed. Then when I boarded the 2nd flight to Bangkok which was an Airbus A330-300, the legroom was unacceptable for a 10 hour flight, the USB was not working on the flight, we ended up having technical issues as the TV screens were quite broken with slow quality. The real positive of this experience was the food and beverages which were alright. I think in the future I would be better off to fly with a 5 star airline for future travels. All in all, this was quite a disappointing experience and seeing how Turkish Airlines needs to update their planes in order to compete with other airlines and should definitely improve cleanliness skills.
  When we flew back on July 30th Chisinau to Riga through Istanbul, our flight was not shown on the screens, there was one flight to Riga which was 30 mins before our flight. Me, my husband and 5 other people went to the wrong gate and missed our flight. The attendant from that gate told us that we are not the first people with the same issue that day and that we should go to the info centre of Turkish Airlines and they will give us a flight the other day. We went there and the staff was extremely rude. Once we approached them, the lady said: “If you are here to pay for a new flight I can assist you. If not, go somewhere else”. We went to a different info centre in Istanbul Airport and the guys started saying that it was our mistake and that we need to pay 900 eur to get new tickets Istanbul-Riga the next day.  In the end, we had to pay 860 eur for new tickets and Turkish Airlines did not care at all about this issue. 
  I had the pleasure to meet Pablo at Miami airport when I was sending off my mother and my sister back to Romania. Pablo at the Airline counter was extremely helpful and made my family feel at ease, he was very polite and extremely understanding of the fact that neither one of them spoke English and offered to help them to get an wheelchair for my mother who is elderly, to ensure smooth arrival at the terminal.  I m very thankful to Pablo and to Turkish airlines for training and employing people like Pablo, thank you from the bottom of my heart.
  We bought tickets through Expedia that claimed 2 checked luggage each. At check-in they only gave 1 and charged an insane amount for the second. The lady taking payment for the luggage copied down my credit card number on a piece of paper after payment cleared through the machine. Now I need to monitor for fraud. They tore a wheel off one luggage and failed to deliver another to the connecting flight. Fortunately the second flight was Lufthansa who delivered the missing luggage a few days later. Top marks for Lufthansa's luggage tracking.  Opening a support case with Turkish Airlines is like talking to a brick wall.
  This airline is my number one choice to travel overseas. Turkish airlines is the most organized airline I experienced from customer service to airport facilities to staff and flight attendants, all super friendly very helpful"
 Customer service is just atrocious! I cannot recommend Turkish Airlines in the future. I was due to fly with them on July 30th. They changed my seat for my 2nd leg from Istanbul to Bangkok. We called their customer service to solve the problem. I understood that it was due to operational reasons. The app does not even feature a ticket number as their so-called mobile app gives me so much confusion all of the time! I would avoid transiting via Istanbul and Turkish Airlines on how they are treating Star Alliance gold members in the future.
 They haven’t paid me back my ticket expenses although they cancelled my flight and informed me only a few hours before the flight. It is also another shame that they are already much more expensive than other airlines.
 The ticketing and flight experiences, both, were not just unimpressive but dismal to be exact. I booked my flight for the family of 4 - 2 adults, 2 children, from ATL to DEL via IST and back from DEL to ATL via IST. In all 4 flights, I made sure to complete seat selection online days before the flight and paid the desired amounts. But both times, Turkish Airlines disregarded my paid selections and decided to change the seats within 24 hours of the flight departure, meaning I did not have a chance to change them online. In ATL and DEL, I had to spend extra time on the check-in counter to have the family sit together because Turkish decided to assign us different seats in different rows of the airplane. The food service as well was very disappointing. While going from ATL to DEL, where we had opted for Asian Vegetarian meals and Hindu Vegetarian meals, we were given boiled spinach, white rice and boiled corn. On the return flight from DEL to ATL, we had not made food selection given the bad experience in our ATL-DEL flight. To our surprise, this time, there were no options in food other than beef. No other meat, no vegetarian options. No apologies from the flight staff, just that "we do not have anything else". The staff was handing over the food with beef to passengers without telling them what it was. A major red flag when it comes to taking care of the nutritional and food habits of passengers.
  Last time that I will fly with Turkish Airlines. Flight delayed and I will miss my connection and the rebook is up to 16 hours. The customer service is not efficient and arrogant. 
  Whole experience of flying with Turkish Airlines was really painful. Crew is of course very angry and displeasing, you can hardly see more unpleasant people working as crew. Food is universal and dull, for example they also don't want to open a bottle of wine, because another kind of wine is opened, so why not that one. Shocking was also behaviour of captain, who chatted in middle of small alley and blocked way to restroom. I asked him if I can go and he barked "go away". I returned a few minutes later and he just opened door to his cabin saying I must immediately leave or he will do consequences. Well, if he wasn't blocking the way so long, I was already back in my seat. And many similar small details and situations clearly saying "we are the worst airline in the world but we fly everywhere, get used to it". Only positive is that they arrived as they should (but it shouldn't be appraised, it should be automatic). Don't recommend unless you have no other option.
 Extra legroom not possible for over 65. We booked a flight from Tashkent to Heathrow via Istanbul (12 July 2023). I am 1.97m tall and wanted to pay for extra legroom seat in economy. During booking on website, the seat selection option flagged that those over 65 cannot book exit row. It's first time I've encountered this - having flown on many other airlines where exit row can be occupied by 16 or older and capable of assisting with evacuation. Having accepted that Turkish and some other airlines set a maximum age, I searched the seat plan (Airbus A330-300) and selected extra legroom seats by bulkhead (row 11) - not shown as an exit row. All seemed ok when I completed the booking and paid. Weeks later, I completed the on-line check-in (only possible 24 hours or less before flight) which showed our extra legroom seat allocation, but when printing boarding passes we discovered we had been allocated seats in row 36. The seat pitch is too small for me and most uncomfortable for 5 hour flight. Even painful when passenger in front reclines. There seems to be an unclear or unreliable booking process. Please be warned - if you are over 65 and require extra legroom then don't book Turkish Airlines - or pay more for business class. Another comment which might help some travelers - if you are transiting in Istanbul then make sure your next flight leaves you enough time for transfer. Our flight from Tashkent to Istanbul landed 20 mins late. It then took an unbelievably long 45 mins to taxi a long way around the airport to hardstanding. Another 10 mins to disembark aircraft. It then took us 30 mins walking at a fast pace through transit and bag scan to next boarding gate where passengers had already started boarding. The flights themselves could have been better - toilets were not cleaned, all rubbish not collected (left on floor during landing). Maps would not load on in-flight information screen.
  My worst ever experience. I travelled with business class. I arrived at the airport 3 hours in advance, and got stuck in the check-in queue for nearly an hour, turned out that their elite members swamped the priority lane with their tagged family members. Check-in went super slow and staff were annoyed.  Cabin crew hardly smiled. Food were terrible.  I had a deadly long layover. My first place of departure made me not eligible for the free hotel program. And my layover was too long to be offered a nap room in the lounge. I came to the concierge desk and was told by staff: "Madam, we have a policy that you can only get a nap room if your layover is between 4 to 9 hours. You can get a hotel outside but you have to pay for it. It's not in our contract." Online customer service was also terrible. I sent emails asking what I could do in my layover period. I received unhelpful and unfriendly answers. 
 Flight from Beijing to Istanbul. Application not working, not allowing you to proceed with online check in, not allow you to proceed with seat selection and upgrading purchase. During check in into airport. The person in desk said that he only can transfer us to emergency seats instead of upgrade. We accepted and received the tickets. During boarding we understand that the seats were not emergency seats. We asked to transferred there. Cabin crew asked for us to pay. We accept to pay with credit card but they did not accept any kind of credit card except of Chinese. Unbelievable
 The worst airline I have ever come across. I wish I could rate it 0 but it doesn't let. I have been on so many different airlines and nothing comes close to how bad Turkish Airlines is. From the terrible customer service to the constant delays and cancellations this is THE worst airline. If you enjoy speaking to a brick wall, missing flights, missing days of travel waiting around in an airport than this is definitely the airline for you. I personally would rather swim through the ocean and walk than use this airline ever again. We had 5 flights with Turkish, every single one of them were delayed and we missed two connecting flights because of them, nor did they even care or do anything about it.
  Worst airline I have ever flown with. No space in cabin, cramped and video screen doesn't work. They also totally overbook flights so I ended up not being able to fly even though I had booked and paid resulting in me missing important appointments. Terrible customer service as well. Whatever you do rather use another airline.
  I don't have anything negative to say about the flight itself, except that breakfasts was substandard. Even though we had a nominal 2.5 hour transit time in IST, ground staff at the departure gate told us that 5 minutes later, they'd closed boarding. Why? First because of late takeoff (by 30-some minutes). Second, it's 15 minutes after landing to taxi to the apron parking. Then buses to the terminal, followed by a long walk from departure area A to F, through an airport that's clearly designed to maximise sales opportunities rather than passenger convenience.  So don't dally if transfering in IST - that's the take-home message. And, not once on an 11+ hour flight (unless I was asleep) did cabin crew come to offer water. For the return, I have a 22-hour layover. I succeeded in having TK provide a hotel, but it's the Mercure Airport at the old Ataturk airport, 2 hours by public transport from the new airport.  I asked for a different hotel, only to be told that it's "the system" that allocates spaces, and that it's unchangeable once a hotel voucher is issued.
  My flight from Birmingham/ Istanbul 14 July was over 3 hours late departing due according to Turkish Airlines to Airport Baggage Handling problems.  As a result I missed my onward connection to HCMC without any proactive action by TK. It took considerable time to locate the TK Office in the vast Istanbul Airport, and the TK Representatives were disinterested, lethargic, evasive and rude before I persuaded them to provide a solution, which was one involving a flight to Dubai and thence to HCMC. Not my choice. Accommodation was not offered, and this involved finding another Office and a long wait. As a result I did not reach my destination until early on 17th July instead of the intended 15th. Sometimes things go wrong, but the denial of responsibility, failure to resolve the problem in a timely and effective manner and failure to have its Staff act in a reasonable manner is unforgivable. I will be travelling this route again, but never with this Airline, and never via Istanbul Airport.
  I booked wheelchair assistance for my disabled elderly mother-in-law on a trip from BER to TLV via IST. First, I could not check-in online (because of the wheel chair). When we arrived at the check-in counter, the staff were closing up. I explained that my mother-in-law was severely impaired and that we could not walk her fast enough through the check-in hall to the counter. I talked to the supervisor and they opened the flight again. The staff at the counter didn’t like this, wanted to start their coffee break and simply refused to check us in and just ignored that the flight was re-opened. I had to buy a new ticket for a substantial amount of money. Then, the mobility service dropped my mother-in-law in the lounge and never showed up again. During boarding, I had to carry my relative to the plane as there was nobody to help us.  In Istanbul, there was a mobility service, but we had to change wheelchairs three times to get to the departure gate and nearly missed the connection. When I tried to check-in for the return flight, I got the message that the flight was overbooked and we had to talk to the airline. I complained several times to TK about this disastrous service and only got standard answers and my request to raise the complaint to the manager was simply refused. 
 The only good thing I can say about Turkish Airlines is I was able to cancel our return trip on them. I used to like flying Turkish. The last flight in July was a disaster. Their website is terrible, terrible, terrible. Their customer service is worse than useless. Stand in a phone booth and yell at yourself. You'll get the same results. The seats on the Boeing planes are very uncomfortable. They've sharpened the edges of all the armrests just to make it irritating when booking. We booked. A Chicago to Istanbul and Istanbul to Chicago thinking foolishly that we would get the free day in Istanbul that they advertise but apparently we were hopping on our left foot when booking the flight. Not the right foot and not doing a handstand. Big mistakes. The food was marginally lousy. The only positive was the ground staff (we found their secret location) in Istanbul gave us a free meal at Burger King. Oh well. Food is fuel. To sell a perfectly lousy review from an airline that I used to like I'm not flying Turkish Airlines again. We went out of our way to do it this time. Never again.
 When I reached Casablanca, I couldn’t find my luggage. So I went to the baggage department and asked them. They informed me that the luggage was still in Istanbul and it would arrived the next day. I called the next day to check my luggage but the staff said they didn’t have any information of the whereabouts of the luggage. This is very unacceptable. How it is possible that they couldn’t give me any information of the whereabouts of it. It took many phone calls to finally get any information that the luggage was arranged to be delivered to Casablanca the next day of my arrival flight but the airport staff couldn’t confirm it was received or not and this is already the fifth day from the day I lost my luggage. They are very unorganized and unhelpful. The system is full of flaws. No information, no updates, they couldn’t help with anything. They only thing they said, “we will call you once we receive the luggage and until then there is nothing we can do”. I am staying in Casablanca for only 6 days. It took many headaches because I am here in Casablanca for someone’s birthday as well for a family’s wedding. I had to run around to find clothes, make up, shoes. All the gifts and important things are in the luggage. I even got sick and my medicines are in the luggage. I am really not recommending Turkish Airlines. 
 Only one counter for economy class and 1 for business. We were queueing for more than 1 hour. I will never fly TK again! Online check in process is burdensome and does not allow to add frequent flyer number of other star alliance members.
 The worst services are offered by this airline. They would delay your flights so do not look for connection flight’s through this airline as you would miss it. The staff are the rudest of all, this includes, the air hostess and the staff on the airport. I missed my next connection flight to Winnipeg due to the flight being delayed 3 hours. Make sure to at least get your food coupon what you are entitled to as they won’t tell you about it at the Care Point.
  My husband and I traveled on business class from Zurich to Karachi on Saturday July 1, and Turkish managed to leave one of our bags in Zurich. I have wasted a huge amount of time trying to get the airline to get my bag back to me. First their help desk said it was on the next flight, i.e. Sunday afternoon. Then they said it would be sent on the Sunday evening flight. Now they say it will be delivered tomorrow. As of now, their helpline says the bag is in its way to me, but the tracker shows my bag sitting in Zurich airport. There seems to be no way to get through to a person in authority and the airline seems to have no interest in helping.
  I am flying from Berlin to Istanbul to Tbilisi. My flight Istanbul-Tbilisi is delayed and my initial plan was to reach to Yerevan from Tbilisi with a taxi. So I see on flights board: Istanbul-Yerevan. And I buy that ticket to take care of me. A week passes in Yerevan and when I arrive to Tbilisi they tell me they cannot you check in, because for us you did not fly to Tbilisi so you need to either pay a fine or I need to buy a new ticket. I bought a new one.
  My wife and I have the worst experience ever with Turkish Airlines. They delayed our first flight multiple times due to technical issues and finally after an entire night of delays they cancel the flight but they did not release our tickets to allow us to get reschedule our flights. So we spent all night on the phone with our booking agency and the airline help center but nobody can help us until Turkish Airlines start their shift the next day (not until 10am). When we return to the airport the next day we are told that we have been put on the same flight but when we get to the gate they are already delayed again. After about 30 minutes of waiting the staff have no answers and one of the gate employees even tells my wife "If you want to make it to your destination on time you should book another flight with a different airline. Turkish Air will reimburse you because of the delays." So with that bit of terrible advice, we book another flight and try to leave the airport to check in with the new airline. But at immigration we are told that we cannot leave as our tickets have not been released (again) by Turkish Air and we were supposed to be escorted by an airline employee to immigration to fill out paperwork so we can leave. We end up sprinting through the airport as we are told by the information desk that the delayed flight is now boarding. So we finally make it to Istanbul where a Turkish Airlines employee stops all passengers with connecting flights and says he will escort us to our gates. After leisurely walking us through the airport he points down a long corridor and says our gate is at the very end. So we sprint, once again, to the gate only to find that the gate has already been closed and they would not reopen it for the 10-12 passengers who needed the transfer. So we watched as the plane pulled off the jet bridge and onto the runway feeling like we had been slighted once again. In all, we are still trying to get our money back for the extra flight we booked under Turkish Airline's advice, and we had a horrible start to our summer holiday. No matter how cheap their flights are, we won't be flying Turkish Air ever again.
  Our flight from LAX to IST was delayed by 2 hrs then connection flight from IST to ATH was delayed as well so we lost 5 hours of our vacation time. Then our luggage was lost so we had to deal with that in Athens that caused us to miss our tour that we had paid plus the taxi pick up. Coming back from ATH to IST flight #1844 was delayed again by 2 hrs and we missed our connection flight to LAX. The help desk was rude, they told us go that way past the passport control then someone can help. Confusing unclear instruction. We finally got to the passport control after waiting 30 min in line to only find out we need a visa. Passport control people were rude. We went back to visa kiosk and paid $30 per person cash only to get visa so we can stay in stay in hotel provided by Turkish Airlines. The whole thing seems business. They want you to stay in IST and spend $$$. We got the visa and passed the passport control which took another hour (3pm now) then finally found the Hotel kiosk. With no sympathy or apology they told us to wait for the shuttle bus to the hotel. No one knew where they were taking us. We drove 1 hour to get to this hotel out of no where and its now 4.30pm (Kaya Hotel). Hotel took our passports (which made us uncomfortable). We woke up at 4am and took the flight back to LAX at 8.15am. We had the worst experience and they do not offer apology or refunds (visa and seat fees that you paid and that they did not provide). 
 We were met by unprofessional check in staff who took long to proceed with check-in without any explanation and apology. Then a flight was delayed for almost an hour. No announcement was given. I hope I won’t fly with them again.
 Travelling with my 83 Years Semi disabled Mother, Booked tickets 2 months in advance & requested disabled person to aircraft assistance. Ist - Rize Flight= Checked in two hours prior to departure, Headed to the special assistance desk to be told that they had a long line of waiting which if we were to wait, we would miss our flight, The supervisor suggested for us to walk through security and catch the buggy service which was easily available, Even though this was very painful task for my older Mother, we did as we were advised only to be told at the buggy company desk which was far further from the security that their service was chargeable as they are a private company! We had no choice but to pay the EURO 10.00 to get to the gate (ONLY) NOT to the aircraft as we requested & booked two months ago! Rize - IST flight: Checked in at the business class separate lounge, I told the hopeless only agent that we booked the special assistance and needed the car lift to up to the aircraft as Mum cannot walk the stairs as the airport has no air bridge at all, She replied confirming that all was in order, When we tried to board, We were told by the SAME agent that she could not get the car lift and that we had to walk up the stairs, I asked for her manger to attend, He told me that I did not request the assistance, I had to show him the original confirmation email, then we got the car lift to the aircraft. Arrived IST, Wheelchair agent was waiting for us as we disembarked HOORAY, the agent assisted us through the jet bridge & left us by the seats at the gate claiming that another agent meant to assist us the very long way to the baggage hall – Guess what NO ONE showed up for 40 minutes and no one was available to assist! Be warned Turkish Airlines do not provide disabled assistance even if booked and their staff are liars.
 The worst airline you can ever fly on, with no proper customer care, they will change your seat three times before you board and not caring about what you say. Pay for the front they'll sit you in the back
  Just flown Turkish Airlines for the first time in business class having previously used several other Airline services from Australia including Qantas, BA, Singapore, Thai and Malaysian. This is the best service I have received, staff, service, food, seating infotainment etc. It was really just what you would expect from a business class service. Well done Turkish, you will become my no 1 choice international travel. And to add their lounge in Istanbul is exceptional, not mention their priority check in lounge solely for Turkish Airlines passengers, no more trying to find the correct flight check in counter.
 1) Had issues with boarding pass, wasn't recorded under my passport and doesn't state TSA-pre (I had to go through normal line) 2) Business class didn't give the feel of flying business, more like premium economy with extra leg room, more like domestic biz 3) Cabin was so warm, sweaty-couldn't sleep well 4) Arrived, long layover, neither got a hotel room although I was informed I can get one, not was entitled for a private suite in the lounge. Was informed that I was not meeting the duration (I arrived at 4+pm and flight at 1.30am) come on, could do better, at least I requested for a shower time, waiting to see my next 10 hrs flight journey.
 Mounting operational delay on a clear day. After flight got delayed by 100 minutes, asked for flight change. Gate agents nor the airline app allowed flight change. Now I am waiting at gate indefinitely past the delayed departure time. No explanations and no new estimated time of departure given. Turkish is known for it's inflight experience and lounge experience. However, it seems to be extremely lacking in terms of customer service when an adverse event occurs.
 My Mom was traveling transit from Beirut to San Francisco, She had a medical condition and was not able to move so we ordered a wheelchair. However the agent that was responsible to escort took advantage of her and the fact that she did not have so much time for transit (for the next flight to San Francisco she had only an hour) and asked her for money in order to make her reach her gate. He asked for 50$ or else she will be missing her flight. This is apart from the fact that the flight attendants were extremely rude with her during the flight from Istanbul to San Francisco. Also do not indicate that you have Wifi during your flights when you don't. Obviously wifi is not available on all airplanes.
 From Addis Ababa to Lyon, flight was delayed on departure and I missed my connection flight. I Stayed around 8 hours in Istanbul airport before catching the next time. I asked for free internet access in order to have my work done but they they said I have to pay for it. They only gave me vouchers for some junk food restaurants. This is the last time I fly with them
 We were upgraded to Business class for free on Istanbul Airport which was an exciting experience with the kids. The seat was spacious, the IFE had thousands of entertainment options. High speed internet for the whole duration of the flight. Meals were top notch and the crew were extremely pleasant with us. Overall an excellent 4 hr flight. Would definitely choose Turkish Airlines for future endeavors
 The cabin staff was friendly and attentive, the food was very good in this flight, tasty and abundant. But the plane was dirty. I usually clean the seats for hygiene, but this time I had to really clean it. Food everywhere, fingers, stains. Quickly solved. But the toilets were really filthy, and imagine on a 17 hours flight. It seems difficult for such a big carrier to maintain standards of cleanliness.
  7 weeks out from our flight we attempted to make a change to one persons ticket for our family/group of five tickets. At this time changes to the ticket were at no cost. However for more than four weeks we were told that the last leg of the journey was unconfirmed as it was a third party airline. We must deal with them ourselves. This third party airline says it was booked through share agreement with Turkish Airlines and they must confirm. No single phone/call centre operator could help us. Of course as we escalated the issue to become urgent with emails to the head office, they can of course change the ticket, but now the last leg of the journey will cost an additional $1489 AUD with a ticket that already cost us $3,500 return Brisbane to Croatia, via Istanbul return. We could of course cancel and get a return flight home for the same cost as the additional flight price, but they informed us that if we were to cancel the entire flight both outbound and inbound would be cancelled, with no refund. We spoke to the call centre without luck, head office which re-routed to the call centre and also customer service in additional to multiple emails and many supposed 'recorded calls.' There is some language barrier, however I think most errors are also with the customer service systems.
  They provided a very affordable and reliable flight. Especially the cabin attendants are at a level that can handle all my stress. It was a very quiet and enjoyable trip.
  At the end of January I wanted to book flights online for the end of April to Turkey in such a way that we first fly from Prague to Istanbul, stay there for a week and then continue to Antalya for another week and then from Antalya back to Prague via Istanbul. But you can't book that online like that, so I called TK customer service and asked how I should book that. The information was that I should book 2 tickets and reserve min 3 hours on the way back for the change in Istanbul. I did as instructed, booked the tickets and also had over 3 hours to change planes, arriving in IST 13:40, departing to PRG 16.45. In the weeks and months that followed, I kept getting text messages from TK saying they were changing the schedule, changing planes, etc. Most of them concerned changes of times because of the time change to daylight saving time, but one concerned the flight from AYT to IST where I was secretly rebooked on a later flight, which I unfortunately did not notice. There remained however still 1 h 45 min for the change, which is well enough. Already on the way to the airport I saw that the flight will be delayed. At the check-in, however, the boarding pass was issued to us also for IST-PRG and the luggage was checked through to PRG. The delay was then according to TK on 1 h 16 min, so quite that is not true, we took a long time to the arrival gate, where we arrived at 16:20. Already on the plane I asked several times how it would work with the connection and the last information was that I should grab the first TK employee at the exit and let him advise me. I did and the TK man at the gate told me to go to the departure gate as quickly as possible. Anyone who knows the new IST airport knows what that means. Nevertheless, we made it to the gate by 16:45 (we are both 68 years old and my last gold medal in the 5000 m run was several decades ago). But of course there was not a soul at the gate. Again I grabbed a TK employee, who referred me to the customer service counter, where of course the obligatory queue was waiting. When I showed the "Pre-sorter" my boarding passes, he told me immediately that no more flight today and I should wait here, so that TK look for a hotel and book new tickets. When it was my turn, the lady looked at my papers only briefly, and explained to me that I had no right to any compensation because I had booked 2 tickets. No one responded to my question about how I should have booked and they referred me to the ticket counter next door, where I had to wait almost 45 minutes for my turn. For 2 tickets to Prague they wanted $700! When I went to book the tickets online, I came up with around $500, but the lady told me she couldn't take that fare and I should book online. With the hotel and cab and dinner this story came me to over 600 € about 200 € more than the whole original booking. Since then I have been arguing with TK, repeating everything I'm sure 10 times already, but all I ever get to hear is the gramophone record: "You were late at the gate and had 2 tickets, we are not to blame". On my question, how I should have booked differently, is consistent just as little addressed as also to the fact that the TK customer service had advised me to do so. I do not know what I did wrong, except that I flew TK!
  Check in fine but The TSA pre check did not show up even though I had provided all the info and confirmed that by phone. Lounge shared star alliance at LAX. Tired, dirty, hot, crowded, did find outdoor space which was a relief. Was there about and hour and a half, saw no one picking up dirty plates, glasses, napkins. Got to gate 15 mins before boarding was to start. Told to “wait here and we’ll make an announcement for boarding. Boarding started 35 mins after scheduled time. No announcements. Eventually an employee said business line up over there. And there’s a long line of people who probably were given different info.  Not a huge issue but the bad experience kept getting more irritating. The plane fine, well equipped, very helpful and welcoming staff. But there’s poor info on the website about the seats. Seat map shows 2 seats, an aisle and 2 seats. Seat map of TK website is not accurate, it’s actually one seat, an aisle, two seats, an aisle and one seat. So we were a couple on a 13 hour flight, separated by an aisle and the two seats were offset by approximately 15 inches so we couldn’t even converse across the aisle. Not a fatal flaw but an example of sloppiness. We took off an hour late with no explanation or a “we’re sorry” comment which would have been a nice touch.  So trying to balance it out with a real life experience. I’m still answering yes I’d recommend it but be prepared for screwups and if you are two flying together take the middle two business class seats on this equipment.
  First they cancelled my flight 1 week before with no reason. It took me more than a month to finally get the compensation awarded (600€ in refund cheque form). I though it was the end of my horrible experience with TK, but cashing this cheque seems to be almost impossible. Support is available only via web feedback forms, which no one replies to (or they reply by pasting same content all the time). Calling them does not provide any support either.
  I had the worst experience during my last trip. I submitted several feedbacks and made many phone calls without any satisfactory answer. In Jan 2023, I purchased a ticket for a multiple-city trip from April 27 to May 10. Then I had it rearranged to a round trip in March 2023. On April 28, 2023, upon my arrival to IST from LAX, due to delay in my flight, my ticket to AYT was changed. On May3, I wanted check my seats on my return flight and found out that my return trip to LAX was put on hold without my knowledge. I spent 48 hours including 2 trips to THY office at AYT, many phone calls to call center, and submitted several feedbacks. The response to my feedback made absolutely no sense because they were addressing the initial change on my trip I made in March 2023. In addition one of the call center staff told me that the flight is getting full, so I may not get in the same flignt I initially purchased, which created further anxiety. Finally, I ended up paying extra to purchase my return ticket.
  1 week before my scheduled flight I was sent an email stating my flight from Zanzibar to Istanbul on May 3rd was canceled. This email gave no alternative flights or assistance to get another flight, they said it was canceled. When I called Turkish they stated I could cancel the entire ticket or go home on a different day, not much of a choice. I couldn’t get credit for the second leg, even though they only canceled the second leg. I moved my flight to one day earlier and left my trip on may 2nd causing me to incur charges for the hotel stay for a night I couldn’t use. Day of the flight the flight was delayed over an hour with only a 2 hour connection to my second flight on their airline. I asked if I would miss the connection and they stated I would not and the plane would be held because we would land about 6pm and the flight started boarding at 6:50 pm instead of holding the plane they had an agent get me off the plane as soon as we landed and I thought I was being rushed to my flight, but no they were rushing me to the lounge because they had already booked me on another flight the next day. So I lost another day of my vacation because I had to stay overnight in Istanbul. I also had to get a visa for Istanbul unexpectedly because I had to leave the airport. None of this was explained to me it all just happened. On May 2nd my return flight, we were headed to the airport and our cab driver told us our flight was delayed 2 hours. No email or text form Turkish airlines. We get inside the airport and flight still shows on time, I call Turkish and they said it was on time. Got to the counter and was told by that the flight was in fact delayed 2 hours and we would miss our connection and they knew about it 4 hours prior to me asking. So why weren’t we told because again we are going to miss our connection to their next flight. So I asked to be booked on the flight for the 4th because the flight on the 3rd was canceled (my original flight home). They were not willing to do that all they said they could do was put us on the delayed flight and put me on a later flight to JFK, which now I miss connection from JFK to Florida and I need a hotel in New York.  So my friend and I check in same time with same person, but when I get to JFK I have no luggage and she does. They placed my luggage on the flight to Istanbul the next morning. This was not the service they stated I would get. 
 Very poor customer services. On the last flight we were told by ground staff there are not enough meals on board so we wont get any (only in case of leftovers) and we can write a complaint to the airline afterwards. When questioning the crew why we would not get any meal if we have a full price ticket, the board crew reacted very rudely and we received different answers, first as the flight is overbooked and then as we checked in as one of the last passengers (should not matter how many hours before we check as we had a valid full price ticket). At the end we received two meals, but which seemed to be from different passengers who didn't finish or want it, as several items were already missing, and one meal was already opened. However, we did not complain anymore and accepted it. Before landing another crew member came unsolicited to us again and kept arguing with us again in a very rude manner and we should be happy that we received anything and finally she left saying that's not her responsibility. In addition, we were traveling with an infant and did not get offered baby food, while other customers did. When filing a feedback with the airline afterwards, we only got the answer that they investigated but could not find any "meal service irregularities" on the flight and also no improper behavior of crew members (wonder how they investigate that). After some forth and back and only the typical prefabricated customer service answers and even some answers that have nothing to do with my complain (e.g. they said I should have informed the crew members - that was actually my complaint, and in a second answer that I would have to submit a doctors report) not addressing the issue at all, I gave up. It seems nobody is really reading the feedback, they only copy past some generic prefabricated answers. In addition, on the return flight our stroller that we left at the gate was handled without any care. We even saw from the airplane window how the stroller was tossed around while unloading (even ground staff I guess is probably not airline responsibility). The stroller and the basket had scratches all over the place. Even the rain cover that we put over to protect the basket to some extent was destroyed. Not to mention the delays of one hour sitting in the airline waiting for departure with an infant on each of our two flights. Overall, one of the worst flight experiences and one of the most impolite cabin crew. And even booked the more expensive TK ticket, compared to low-cost airlines for example, expecting better service in particular as we were traveling with an infant. But it turned out to be a pretty disappointing experience flying with TK and not any better than a low-cost airline. Not recommend it at all.
  What a wonderful experience with Turkish Airlines! Got to fly their new Business Class on the A350-900, and it was a really comfortable and enjoyable experience. The staff were quite welcoming and warm (though, I must admit, during the flight, it was hard to get their attention, and I don't like using the flight attendant call button). The in-flight entertainment was excellent, lots of choice of movies and music, and there was plenty of space (and privacy) in the new pod to rest as well as work comfortably. The food on TK has consistently been excellent, and this flight was no exception; it was truly a feast on board, with so many courses for the main meal after take off, and a fulfilling breakfast just before landing. A wide variety of options, and a very friendly on-board chef to prepare it for you. The wifi was difficult to connect to on my phone, but worked fine on my laptop (it was free for Business Class and Elite passengers) The cabin was clean and also kept immaculate throughout the flight. The check-in and baggage transfer and delivery on the other end went flawlessly--and the IST lounge was an excellent place to rest during the transit (with lots of food and drink options). I would really recommend Turkish, and the price was quite competitive for flights from Asia to Europe, with good connection times.
 3 of my 4 flights with Turkish airlines were delayed in this trip and my luggage never appered altough they told me it was onboard. Now they are still looking for my luggage with all my personal things. And it is because I contacted them, thet never did. I almost missed my 2 connections but I run the whole airport,  very bad situation. I cannot recognise this company any more.
  
I flew on Business class on Turkish Airlines for a roundtrip flight to Bali, Indonesia from Montreal Canada with a connection in Istanbul, turkey. The aircrafts were an Airbus A350 and a Boeing 787 which were nice, spacious and seem in a good condition. The seats had plenty of legroom and space to have a pleasant trip specially on long flights but are similar to other major airlines. One issue about the business class seats is that we can't see from the windows because of the seat conception which is inconvenient for a lot of passengers. The flight attendants were not very service oriented and did not seem very friendly. Usually the crew start to take the meal orders before the plane pushes back but on my last leg they did it once the plane was airborne. The crew from and to Bali legs were a bit better. Some of them don't even ask if we needed something else or a drink during the meal service and they took a very long time take the dishes. I had to ask twice to get my drink and another time later for a coffee which was very long to have it. However the food was tasty and good. The in flying entertainment was also good and had many choices of movies and TV shows. The flights were uneventful but pleasant in general besides the crew with the seat that can be turn into a bed with a big screen tv. Overall Turkish airlines has a good product for long haul fights and delicious food. 
  Lisbon to Istanbul in economy. Turkish Airlines has a decent hard product but they are being let down by related infrastructure partners and service providers - boarding times are slow, emails hardly get answered and calls to the hotline rarely get connected. Despite all of that, they are one of the few airlines to have a very modern and extensive IFE system on their narrowbody aircraft, and their outreach is unparalleled because they boast the most destinations and connections of any airline at a price that’s hard to beat. Legroom is fairly generous too, sufficient without being luxurious. 
 Worst customer service ever. Back and forth emails to and from THY with the same generic message. Customer service transferred to another agent to another agent then the phone hangs up on you. This is all for 2 names on a ticket misspelled. This is to write a public review that both fliers are over 67 years old, one passenger with heart issues, both with hypertension and anxiety will have to go through hell on the waiting line, security check, then finally boarding the flight with issues regarding their names.
 With first class tickets, the airline is supposed to provide to/from airport transportation. The website is giving error when trying to set up a pick up from home to airport (yes, the distance is under the limit). We've tried calling their support line, which requires sending an email. We have done this process 4 or 5 times, without anyone being able to help with the issue. There is no real support, and they have not been able to help in any way or provide guidance or support. The worst support experience for airline.
 Leaving New York 2 hours late horrible service on the plane. Really hot air conditioning. They don't give you water. Really old airplane. Then arrive too late for my connecting flight and they give you an flight the next day without any commodities. Will never fly this airline again and will pay more to fly with other airlines. Never again. Very uncomfortable seats.
  Food: not good. Service: not good. Kid friendly: not at all. No recliners or any seats available for long hauls. Airport was full of people sitting on the floors at Istanbul. No separate counters for family check in as mentioned on their website. Entertainment system poor and didn't work on one flight. It was a night flight so most of the time the kids were sleeping but when they woke up, there was nothing to eat. Even after requesting to serve the food at the start of their service it wasn't done. The kids did not eat a bite on a 9-11 hour flight...both ways. I will never suggest Turkish Airlines to anyone travelling anywhere. 
 The worst experience ever! I got to know that my flight is a code share with Indigo. This made it a hassle with my business class seat, my check-in experience and I was denied lounge access at the star lounge and had to spend 4 hours in an airport. On my journey to India, the first flight from Amsterdam was delayed leading to me missing my flight, and a long day and delay! No compensation, no hotel accommodation. 
  We had an average experience with Turkish Airlines on April 22. We were disappointed that we could not upgrade our seats to Business Class. The legroom in the A321 economy seats were very uncomfortable for a 6 hour journey. We tried to reach out to the call centre in Istanbul to request for an upgrade to Business Class as the flight was an overnight flight between Istanbul and Abu Dhabi. Their customer service was quite awful and would likely will not choose to fly with Turkish Airlines again. 
  Worst communication. We booked a flight from Dallas to Naples via Istanbul. The first flight was delayed. They told us this ends up with us missing the second flight and being put onto a flight 15 hours later than our booked flight. The second flight was scheduled for 8.25 am, the next day. The airline provided us with a hotel room and dinner in Istanbul, but they didn't provide breakfast. To use the hotel, we had to enter the city and get a visa. Turkish Airlines agent told us to pay visa by ourselves and then submit the receipts to the airline to get reimbursed, and we did. After our trip, I called their customer service, and they told me to submit the receipts through the website Feedback section. I did. Feedback responded and asked for more documents. I sent them the visa pages in the passport and all boarding passes and payment receipts. Feedback responded to me that they closed the case and are not going to reimburse. It looks weird. After getting all they needed, they refused to pay and closed the case. Again, I called customer service, and they put an objection on the case. My question is why they waste customer's time. If the Feedback department is not able to do the reimbursement, why does staff tell the customer to go through Feedback to get reimbursed. If the Feedback is able to reimburse, why do they refuse to pay after asking for more documents. It seems no one knows how to resolve this case. Just wasting our time. 
  Very bad customer service. I purchased 3 tickets for me and my family at the same reservation, they assigned us all over the plane. Called for assistance, were very rude and unprofessional and problem is not solved unless if we pay extra money to sit next to each other. As a family it’s not about the money tho we already paid top money for the tickets, but it’s about how they treat their customer if u don’t pay. Then we put away from each other father and mother and 2 year old baby.
 Never book and pay for emergency/extra legroom seats in Row 7 on the Airbus 321 aircraft. The seats have no extra legroom and they do not recline. So you pay 50 USD for an inferior seat to the normal free seats. Warning! The so called flagship lounge in Istanbul is like a cheap market food-hall and they only serve wine (self service in hidden areas), it feels like they intentionally hide the wine. Service onboard the plane is fine but at airport IST you feel like you are a nuisance to the surly and moody staff. Not one smile or welcome in two hours connecting there.
 We flew with a family of (5) from SEA-IST-LHR (RT) in business class. The food and beverage service was tiny portions. The crew couldn’t communicate clearly and after serving the food and beverages did not came back to ask for water, tea or coffee. The 11 hr flight from SEA-IST was boring. The internet service was slow. We had a 10 hr layover on our return flight from LHR-SEA and when asked to use their business suite in IST we were told that thy only give room suites if the lay over is less than 9 hrs. 
 Original flight IST TO BKK delayed 5 hours, cannot catch connection flight to HKT, had to reroute IST to HKT the next day. Paid for assigned seats but system auto reassignment, but airline refused to refund assign seating fee - this is cheating, rob us! We have 5 people; so we paid a lot for seat assignments. The re route flight on the next day delayed another 2 hours. Flight attendants always push to close the windows, and air con not cold enough - basically push us to sleep, so they don’t have to service. The aircraft is old and not clean - don’t fly this airline, the worst ever.
  They don't allow enough time for passengers to change flights so they end up spending hours at Istanbul Airport. There's no way you can run and catch a flight in 60 minutes, with doing all the security checks. No airport staff available to assist you in fast tracking and definitely no carts that can rush passengers to their terminals. I waited for 6 hours for the next flight; and everyone was clueless what's the boarding gate.
  Ok flight but internet on board is a mission. Beyond me why Turkish wants name, email, password, captcha and in the end it didn't work. Simplify the process, I was willing to pay but in the end resigned myself to reading a book and they lost out on $8.
 Horrible experience! No leg room. They are just trying to make money by cramming every last airplane seat they can into the plane to fit more people. It was terribly uncomfortable, the seat was rigid, the head support flaps didn’t work at all to hold your head in place while sleeping, you can’t extend your legs. It was the worst international flight I’ve had. I will not be using Turkish airlines again.
 After booking and paying extra charges for more leg room the seat allocation went wrong and we ended up seats with no extra leg room. This was on the outbound flight. The inflight staff was nice and polite but were unable to help. The same goes for the call center staff. This happened on the returning flight and there was no help from the people at Turkish Airlines. They either made useless promises or told us the system was down.
  The seats were so congested and they barely had any leg room. The front pockets on the seats were torn so everything would fall down. Twice I had seats where the push back button wasn't working so I could not move my seats a little behind to rest my head. We just got a little decent food once both ways.  I asked for coffee, I rang the bell and the attendant came but never came back. My mother asked for coffee once and she got it but we had to call the attendant back because he forgot to give us creamer and sugar. Entertainment wise there wasn't any good collection of movies. I guess since they charge less, you get get cheap service. 
 I recently had an extremely disappointing experience with Turkish Airlines, and I feel compelled to share my frustration to caution others about the challenges I faced while trying to resolve a baggage fee issue. My original flight, TK717, was scheduled to fly from Delhi to Istanbul on Mar 30, 2023, at 6:20 AM, before continuing to Dallas and Toronto. Unfortunately, the flight was cancelled due to a technical issue with the fuelling system. Turkish Airlines provided accommodation and rebooked me on a flight via Air India. The problem arose with my additional baggage. I had already paid for an extra bag with Turkish Airlines, but they failed to carry forward this payment to my new flight with Air India. I had to pay for the same additional bag twice. I reached out to Turkish Airlines for a refund and compensation, but they directed me to Air Canada, claiming it was a codeshare flight operated by Air Canada. However, this is not true, as the flight I am talking about, TK717, was operated by Turkish Airlines. I have tried to communicate with Turkish Airlines multiple times, providing them with the correct information, but they keep diverting responsibility and have not resolved my issue. It is incredibly frustrating and disappointing to be treated this way by an airline I had trusted. Based on my experience, I give Turkish Airlines 1 star out of 5. Their customer service has been extremely unhelpful, and their inability to address a simple issue has left me feeling undervalued and frustrated. I sincerely hope no one else has to go through such an ordeal with Turkish Airlines.
  I flew from Frankfurt to Istanbul, and I had an option of one night stay in Istanbul. I went to customer service desk after going through customs and getting a visa. I claimed to get a hotel as I did want to continue my journey to Saudi Arabia, and I was feeling nauseous. I spoke with Turkish Airlines agent, she told me she has a later flight, then the manager came telling me that they have a hospital upstairs. 
 My flight was very good, very smooth landing - it was via Istanbul which is a beautiful airport. The A320-200 seats annoyed me α bit not a lot of legroom no IFE but the B737-800 or B737-900Er is the complete opposite. The B737- MAX 8 and MAX 9 they're too good
  I checked in at Frankfurt Turkish Airlines counter with no problem and easy check in and received both boarding passes (first flight and connecting flight both Turkish Airlines). Good flight to Istanbul. But at Istanbul when I went to the gate for my second Turkish flight, the employee tell me my carry on is overweight and demanded 36 EUR. I explained that I checked in at Frankfurt and there was no issue on weight and how could the carryon suddenly be overweight. I only had an hour to get to my connection and of course did not have time to even go to a store to buy anything it was the same carry on as in Frankfurt. Unprofessional and I will not fly with Turkish again. They got 36 EUR extra but lost a customer.
  When booking my flight, I originally had a 4 hour layover, but Turkish Airlines asked if I wanted to extend my layover to 20 hours and participate in the Istanbul Stopover program, where they provide free hotels to travellers with layovers over 12 hours. Over a month before traveling, I sent in the request for the stopover (which only needed to be submitted 72 hours before departure). I was sent a hotel voucher for the wrong date and name, so I emailed back to correct it. The Turkish team did not respond to my 5 emails over the course of a month to correct it. When I got to my layover in Istanbul, I assumed that if I explained this and showed the emails, I could get a hotel or some compensation.  Their reason for not allowing my stopover was that there was another flight from Athens to Istanbul the next day that I could have taken and had a four hour layover. I called customer service who made me submit an urgent ticket that would be resolved within a few hours. My ticket was not resolved and I had to sit in the airport with no apology or compensation.
  Our flight out of Bangkok demonstrates that this airline can be quite good: the food was very good & plentiful and tasty. The staff on board was very friendly and efficient. Unfortunately the plane was so old, outdated and the business class experience was very disappointing. The flight Istanbul to Marrakech was much worse normally this route is serviced by 737/800 that are quite new and nice. We were very unlucky to fly on a 12 year old A321. Business class was more than mediocre to make things worse the staff on board was really awful. If I’m sure to fly on their newer planes I might give them another chance if the price of the ticket is reasonable.
  The initial travel experience was as expected for flying economy on 3 hour flights. On landing they had lost my baggage (2 items) i traveled with a co worker and his arrived as scheduled and there was more than adequate time between connections. It took over 48 hours for my bags to be located and during this time i received no answer on telephone or email or online chat. when my bags arrived the suitcase was damaged. I submitted a case through there website and they concluded it was caused by the baggage carousel. I had to collect the baggage at my expense, this is all over 2 weeks ago and I still haven't received any compensation and and completely missing any contact with the airline customer service. 
 We were loyal Turkish Airlines fliers for many years until this experience. Our saga started when we purchased 4 business class segments for my wife and my honeymoon in February 2022 for almost $8K. Due to Covid, we tried to change them over the course of the next year. This airline has arbitrary change fees that are not listed anywhere on their website. They are allowed to quote you whatever fees they would like at the time of the change request. As such, we were told that our new tickets would need to be roughly $5600 to qualify for the change, with an additional $600 per ticket change fees, so $9k in total for a $5600 flight. We agreed, but disputed the change fee with Amex. Amex found in our favor for $600, issuing the credit and we looked forward to our honeymoon. Fast forward, we arrived to the gate in February 2023 for our new flight and were told for the first time that our tickets were *suspended* and that we no longer had tickets. After speaking to ticketing agents and phone agents, both of which said there was nothing they could do (more on this later) we finally were able to speak to the Newark sales manager who was highly unprofessional and unhelpful, trying to convince us that we were not owed anything and essentially "too bad". In the end, we were forced to purchase last minute economy tickets for almost $4K with a one way upgrade for $2500, as we did not want to jeopardize our hotel reservation and ruin our honeymoon further. Over the course of the next 2 weeks, like many here, we emailed the feedback form many times (as others noted, this airline's phone personnel have no authority to make any financial decisions and all must be done via online feedback forms). We received many unhelpful responses, refusing to give us any compensation or help us in any way. All references were made to speak to "our bank." Finally, we decided to upgrade our economy leg home for another $2500 and take this matter up when we got home. In the end, we paid about $8600 just to have to pay another $8.5K and fly in two 8 hour economy segments versus the 4 business segments we originally purchased. I'm sure that in the meantime, Turkish resold our original seats last minute for much higher than the original $8k we paid 5 months before the flight. In short, this was the worst travel experience of our lives and showed clearly the unethical business practices of this airline. 1) They will suspend your tickets without notice, forcing customers to purchase last minute segments at the gate. There are numerous other cases here of flier having their tickets arbitrarily suspended. 2) You will not be able to make changes, receive refunds or do any customer service action of any value through the phone with them. You will be forced to use an antiquated online "feedback form" that does not even track your previous correspondence. There are no personnel in any airport, including in Istanbul that have the authority to issue flight changes, credits or refunds. 3) They do not have a clear change fee policy. If you need to change your flight, be prepared to spend months trying to communicate with them on the aforementioned form and in the end they can quote you any amount, you're on your own. 
 We had a flight ticket issued by Turkish Airlines with one connection in Istanbul. Because of the delay of the 1st flight, we missed the 2nd one (whereas we reached the boarding gate 10mn before departure time!). However, the delay was known before the take off and increased during the flight. And none of the crew members was able to give us information. The 2nd did not to wait for us whereas we could have caught the flight if the gate was still open 10 minutes before the departure time. Anyway, after this missed connection, we were sent to 3 different desks during more than 2 hours to get through our missed flight: transfer desk, ticket sales and hotel desk. We got poor information and no one from Turkish Airlines apologized. In the end, we finally got a flight for the next day (24 hours later) and a hotel in Istanbul. We sent a complain and refund request to Turkish Airlines to get compensation and Turkish Airlines rejected all requests.
  I highly appreciate the ground handling team in Istanbul for making sure my suitcases made it to Budapest. We were luckier than others whose suitcases were stuck in Istanbul. When I boarded the aircraft I saw others carry-ons being transferred to the cargo hold, and I have seen complaints about that too. I was super lucky to have had a 100% hassle-free experience with Turkish Airlines.
 Honestly one of the worst airline I’ve flown compared to price. All absolutely all my flights have been delayed or canceled. But if it was only about that… the service is non existent, staff is rude and petty. You really feel like a walking wallet. There was barely any organization at any stage. My flight from BCN to IST has first been delayed by 4 hours before being canceled. And the flight the company gave me on the next day has been delayed by 3 hours. And I’m not talking about the hotel being 1 hour from BCN airport. Nor the 3 hours needed before getting voucher for the food an hotel (food : a closed restaurant). I highly highly recommend to fly with any company OTHER then Turkish Airline.
  Turkish Airkines still does have real business class seats on European flights; boarding in Istanbul was a rush. A non alcoholic welcome aboard drink was offered, however my food in business class was sub par ; extremely dry chicken with some rice. The wines and the alcoholic drinks were extremely basic. It was an afternoon flight however FA found it appropriate to dimm the cabin lights until 15 minutes before landing. I do not like to travel during daytime in a darkened cabin. The FA doing the business section were extremely friendly. I will not chose this airline anymore.
  Their marketing is great but in reality the service is horrible. The airline lost my baggage at Istanbul airport during transfer. The customer service was incapable of giving any information and was rude and not willing to help. Since then the my claim to refund expenses due to lost baggage get ignored. Neither several phone calls with the service hotline or messages of the lost baggage tracking system help. My request got terminated. Moreover, on the same trip on the way back, the flight was overbooked and I had to take a 4h later flight. Hence I am entitled to a compensation of 200EUR. I got a form which states that and was told to submit that online over the feedback from. This has since been ignored and again calling the hotline and reissuing the request still did not help to get any response by Turkish Airlines since 4 weeks.
  Boarding started with a delay of 50 minutes because the plane did arrive late however this was less as the delay for boarding. Rather old plane, 2 2 2 configuration in business class, after a welcome drink a not so great breakfast was served in 2 services. FAS were friendly after the meal the cabin was darkened despite this was a flight that - with the delay left at 9.30 am - nearly the entire flight with dimmed lights. No second service for drinks, several connecting flights were announced, others not. I will not chose that company again.
  Food on the Bishkek to Istanbul leg was woeful. It was an awful sort of mini ham and cheese sandwich. Food on the much shorter Istanbul to Amsterdam route was delicious however with chicken in a sort of yoghurt sauce. Crew on both legs were friendly. IFE is disappointing on Turkish.  It's a bit annoying having to board past Business who are already enjoying their orange juices and canapes!
  Easy to search and book a ticket. The flight crew were kind enough, nothing out of the usual but attentive and kind when asking for extra items or drinks etc. Economy window seats were fine even for someone fairly tall as me (190cm / 6.3”). Flights were on time. Every time they rescheduled a flight I lost my seat booking I paid extra for and I had to get in contact with Turkish customer service. I have on record 40 calls and 9 feedback forms filled in with the simple request to have the seat or similar seat I paid extra for. I first got denied boarding because the gate staff at Edinburgh airport was not familiar with my passport nationality telling me sthat I’m unable to board the plane without a pre-approved visa for Singapore. When in reality, you simply fill in the SG arrival pass and you are good to go. Which I explained and told her exactly where she could find this information.  I turned to the other gate agent and showed my passport and let me on the flight. While on my trip I had my trip rescheduled twice and I spotted something different with my flight. It seemed like my flight had been split up into two single journeys instead of a connecting one. Which would mean I had to check out my luggage and check it in again during my transfer. So I call their agents asking to confirm if this is the case and to double check if my tickets are still connecting. First one said bit to quickly, yes everything is fine with your tickets no worry. I message their facebook page to ask the same question with more details, they say it’s no issue and they tickets are connected. I felt something did not look right so I called again to their customer support and this time the agent told right away. Yes they are separate and we will right away go ahead and connect them again. Once and never again.
 TK is fabulous on the ground, outstanding inflight with professional cabin service and best food in the airline industry, and 1gb free wifi is amazing. Unfortunately all of that is wasted by the fact that they fly old, outdated equipment with old, outdated 2-2-2 configuration with zero privacy from your seatmate and people crawling over you or you crawling over them to get to aisle unless you are on the center section. It's a shocker that TK hasn't remotely kept up with their competition in this regard. It's like flying business class in the 1990s. Power ports in inaccessible locations rarely work, seat controls inadequate. So instead of a review of 10/10 I'd love to give, it gets knocked down to 5/10 as a result of all of this. I would not use TK in this configuration unless there was no other choice or the price was very cheap. They desperately need a refresh of this old livery or just new planes. All four of my flights were old A330s that didn't even have privacy screens between seats. What are they thinking?
  I found Turkish Airlines to be excellent. The service on all 4 sectors (LHR- IST- JNB return) was really fantastic. The food was great and very tasty and the cabin crew were kind, caring and very helpful. I think there service is much better than Emirates. The inflight entertainment is excellent too. My mother needed assistance and she was looked after. I cannot fault Turkish Airlines in any way. The A350 aircraft is really comfortable however the A330 is a little cramped this us why I give a 9 instead of a 10
 I had in the past lots of good experiences. I liked the airline and promoted for them. Unfortunately, three times from last year until now I was hopeful they will get back on track and serve their customers. But that is not the case. I might be really expectant. Ask around before purchasing any ticket from this company. I should not forget to mention, nowadays they charge for everything. Have a look into that. Lower you expectations or don't buy any ticket from them. I am sure this is the last time for me at least. The overall experience has decreased drastically.
 I regret that I chose this airlines. Their employees so rude and irresponsible. They have no respect for customers and treating customers very bad. I will never travel with them again.
 Do not buy tickets for this airline, it is a scam. They offer stops of 17, 15 hours in Istanbul and say that they take care of the accommodation in a hotel, if the stop is more than 12 hours. When you arrive in Istanbul, they tell you that it is not appropriate, because in their system they can see that there was a flight with fewer hours available, an option that was not offered to the user, but that serves to deny the hotel. The office was full of people complaining.
 I had the worst experience with Turkish Airlines yesterday as my first flight was delayed by 35min (according Turkish staff), and a promise was made by them: that Istanbul was contacted previously and all the connecting flights will be waiting. In reality there was a 1.5 hours delay for a 2 hours long flight, meaning I missed the connection in Istanbul only with 10 minutes. The connecting flight was still there therefore it would take only a little organization and 10 minutes to 5-6 people from our flight to reach it. The flight staff didn’t have any information about our connection before we landed. On arriving in Istanbul, there was no apology or direction of what to do, actually the staff was extremely rude! There was no food or drink offered, just a new boarding pass and deal with the consequences. No phone call was offered to reorganize our trip, just promises the hotel will provide it. Of course the hotel didn’t do such thing. I know that delays happens but real customer support, correct and valid information or some kindness would make it easier. It’s not a service worthy of a so called “quality airline” and please don’t call it customer care point if you don’t care at all.
 My luggage was left in Newark and didn't get it 2 days after New Year and 5 days after I arrived. The contents were New Year presents to my family. It was difficult to touch base with their office in Manila. The baggage services from dnata helped me a lot and asked them to please tell the person in charge of lost baggage in Turkish Airlines to communicate with me. When I applied for a refund for my expenses to collect the luggage, I was told that they only allow 21 days to do this upon receipt of the item. I would like to remind Turkish Airlines that people travel for different reasons and mine was to spend time with my 87 year old mother. Do you think I have the time to read the fine print of their carriage rules? Nobody from their office informed me of this when I filed a complaint about my luggage. I would think twice about flying with Turkish Airlines again.
 This is the worst airline, poor customer service. Do not waste your time and money to travel using this airline. My luggage lost in Istanbul and very hard to track this. Poor communication and do not understand simple English. 
  My flight was cancelled but Turkish Airlines did not refund my money yet. The ticket sales office at Budapest airport suggested to write an email as they are just a sales office. The phone no. of (closed) hungarian office cannot be reached. After 20 emails, 7 formal feedback requests on int site and 8 calls with int customer representatives still 0 update. Worst airline I came across.
 Very bad experience with Turkish Airlines. I initially booked a return flight on the 7th of January 2023 from Hong Kong to Paris with a 4 hours transfer in Istanbul. With no apparent reason, they decide to move the Hong Kong - Istanbul flight to the 6th of January, which means now I have a 29 hours transfer instead of 4 hours. I tried to ask for compensation, but did not get a single cent. At the phone and by e-mail they either send me to my agency where I bought the tickets or they give me conventional, pre-made excuses. At their airport stand they send me to a Turkish Airlines agency, at the Turkish Airlines agency they send me to their central offices in Taksim. So in conclusion, I had to pay upwards of 150 euros (hotel + taxis + meals) from my own pocket and waste a full day at a place where I did not intend to be and loose one day at my initial destination.
  Departure around 17.00, the meal as show on ticket consisted of 1 m bun and water. The connecting flight was delayed, another 3,5 hours, same story: 1 small bun and water. Pushed the flight attendants button: they came to shut it off and no  No onboard entertainment. Very poor quality of service. Never ever again, that's for sure
  My outbound flight was delayed by a couple of hours in Manchester, and I missed the connection in Istanbul. On arriving in Istanbul, there was no apology or direction of what to do, I was stuck in the airport for almost 6 hours. There was no food or drink offered, no accommodation, just a new boarding pass. Having sat in an uncomfortable chair for the delay and waiting for the first flight out in the morning, my flight took off and arrived in Kayseri. I had a bad feeling at the luggage collection and just knew my bad luck was to continue. No sign of my luggage and the conveyor belt stopped. I was told to go to another location of the airport as my luggage was there. On arriving, I was told my luggage was still in Manchester and had not been loaded to my original flight. I registered my contact details and was given a reference number and number on Whatsapp. I was told my luggage would be there the next day. One night without my luggage wasn't ideal but manageable. The next day I whatsapped the number, which was Kayseri airport, not Turkish Airlines and they said it had not arrived and to contact the airline. I had to call an international number, costing me money each time, to get information on where my bag was. I was told later that day it would arrive. I got no call and followed up that day, no luggage. I was in Kayseri for 4 days and my luggage didn't arrive there at any point. 4 days without my own clothes, toiletries, shoes, etc. Each day, I received no communication from the airline and had to call them, at a cost, to see where it was. They had no idea and couldn't tell me where it was or when it would arrive. I had to go shopping on Day 3, to buy new underwear, clothes and shoes, as I could not wear the same clothes the whole time. The airline said keep all receipts for costs associated with this and I would be compensated. My luggage finally arrived in Istanbul airport, when I left Kayseri after 4 days and 4 nights without my luggage. It cost me over $200 to buy new clothes, taxis, phone costs, etc. It ruined the 4 days in Kapadokya.  On returning home, I tried to get compensation for the lost luggage, which has been a nightmare. They did compensate me for the delay, per EU rules, however they will not meet my costs for the delayed luggage, not even paying me enough to buy new clothes and essential items. They were responsible for ruining my holiday to Kapadokya, yet they will not compensate me for these 4 days, let alone meet the essential costs. No apology, no responsibility, just automated answers about how they love treating their customers as a priority and look forward to welcoming me again. I would avoid TK if there is another option, their customer service is severely lacking, they have no care for customers who want to enjoy Turkey and boost tourism. 
 So far, I have never had such a bad experience as with Turkish Airlines. Generally speaking, the flight staff on the plane are friendly, but that is the only positive thing about this airline. In my example, the flight was already rebooked on the outward flight because of Turkish Airlines. The situation continued on the return flight, when they once again rebooked the return flight two weeks in advance at inhuman times with eternal delays. As if that wasn't enough, they cancelled this already rebooked inhumane flight 10 hours before departure. Turkish Airlines only needed a short email to cancel without any possible contacts or other options. At the airport, the fun really started. Seeing that the flight was still available and that more and more people with the same problem were piling up, Turkish Airlines still didn't have enough reason to act. 10 minutes before the end of check-in, they were content to calmly do something. However, without success and above all without compensation or even an "apology". Service and decency are probably not even present at this airline.
 Great customer service, best airline - love their service, always use them for my overseas travel needs, they always work with us in case we have any problems, highly recommend them.
 Our booking request was cancelled with no explanation at the last minute as we were already near airport and we were told to find a new booking. They offered only a money refund and no compensation for accommodation or other flight. And the refund only after 30 days! So how we can book another flight?
  Flight TK54 delayed for 4.5 hours. Info counter staff nearby gate F1 told flight TK 54 no delaying and go to gate D15 asap which end up was wrong info. Info counter staff nearby gate D1 (being directed wrongly to gate D15) told can get rest and coffee + snacks at Denied Boarding Room not far from gate D1. Staff at denied boarding room told ‘turn left two times and go to Care Point from gate D1 - should turn right! After cruising the whole airport I finally stop in front of info counter not far away from Center Big Screen of Duty Free Area and ask for Care Point location but rudely shouted at by counter staff. When finally came to new boarding time (after 4.5 hours), the staff told flight overbooked and needed 11 pax to be  offloaded.
  The worst experience I have ever had! The app is horrible and faulty, I could never get my miles and smiles rewards number to work and no one to help me, they lost my luggage and the phone number given to me did not work. After many calls the rep on the phone said they couldn't help me and the system was not updated. They rerouted my flight and never gave me a ticket to my destination and I had to pay for an additional ticket from a different airline. Again the customer service agent in Istanbul told me he did not know what to do, and told me to call a number in the USA that didn't work.  The seating arrangements were messed up with multiple people having the same seats. Not one person who works for this airline could ever give me any information. All the answers were answered with "I don't know". I still don't have my bag after they said they found it and would send me a tracking number. 
 I must say, there cannot be a WORSE airline than Turkish airlines. The customer service is absolutely, ridiculously horrible, and they have no clue as to how to handle any sort of claim whatsoever. I made a reservation last February in 2022, and had to cancel it in a couple of days. They said they couldn’t give me a refund which is OK because it was non-refundable fare. However, they said I would get an airline credit for $813 which I could use towards a ticket in the future. - Provided I made my reservation by Feb 23, 2023. The travel date could be for a future date AFTER Feb 23, 2023 as stated by the reservation agent - I could use the credit for ANY destination in the world within their network (again not true, it had to be the same route) However, I tried to make a reservation in December 2022 and now they tell me that there is a change fee of $270. Which was not communicated to me. Also, they said that I have to travel AND RETURN by Feb 23, 2023 which was not communicated to me. Finally, I opened up a ticket and after hundreds of calls back-and-forth with imbeciles operating the phones at Turkish airlines. Not a single responsible person manager could relate to the case and do the right thing. I recommend do not travel this airline if you want to keep your sanity and your money!
 1. My original flight was from SFO to BOM via IST and I caught covid 1 day before the flight. I called Turkish airlines multiple times to let them know if the same and that I needed to change my reservation. They told me to submit a feedback and after waiting for over a month and over 100 calls to Turkish Airlines, I never got the flight re-scheduled not I got full refund through them. Turkish Airlines website says that they offer full refund due to COVID. I had initially uploaded all the documentation (PCR tests, Passports, etc.,) 2. I eventually made another flight reservation through TK website and at the destination my bags were lost by Turkish Airlines. My bags were checked through to the destination. I received my bags after several phone calls to BOM airport and more than 24 hours later. I received $0 as compensation from Turkish Airlines. 3. I had flown business class throughout and TK, as part of miles&smiles only gave me economy miles. When I submitted another feedback form to claim miles for my business class paid upgrades, they denied and said they only give miles for the original paid ticket. I wouldn't recommend flying with them. They have bad customer service.
  Booked FRA-IST-NBO. Delayed out of FRA with no explanation. Cabin crew could offer no explanation on my onward connection other than that the connection was on the screen in the cabin. They didn't even know what gate we would arrive on and refused to ask the captain. After arriving in IST 30 mins late we spent 20 minutes taxiing to the gate. No assistance at the gate for all transferring passengers. With 20 mins before the onward flight it is futile to try to make the connecting gate. Totally unsuitable for a hub operation unless you got a day to walk to your next gate. Made it to the TK service center and they offered a hotel and rebooking on the same flight to NBO the next day. I was not spending 24hrs in an Istanbul hotel so opted for the IST-DXB-NBO connection. Again a delayed 15 min departure from IST to DXB and although transfer time in DXB was 90 minutes i had to hurry to transfer between terminals. Made it to NBO at 1330 local, 10 hours later than the original flight. Overall poor inflight product and service from Turkish Airlines, both on the ground as Inflight. The only thing that did go right is that they managed to get my bag on the same flights as i was on.
  Terrible experience. Started with a very poor check-in experience using their appp, and wouldn't progress past the seat selection stage where it kept glitching so I had to do it on my laptop instead, and then the app wouldn't show the boarding passes. Then, at the gate despite an announcement saying boarding would be by seat number, it was simply a free-for-all and the staff didn't even try to order things. I was in the middle passengers to board the aircraft. As I was at the end of the tunnel just about to get on the plane, the airport staff brought down passengers with mobility issues or requiring assistance. Myself and another passenger stood aside as asked (and as you should do) to await these passengers being boarded. Turns out that was a big mistake - several other passengers pushed past us (and those with mobility issues), which is relevant later. When finally aboard, it was clear that the flight was overbooked as noone could find anywhere to put their bags and the queue in the aisle was very long and slow. The passengers who had shoved past were getting their bags slotted into the last remaining spaces by crew. I also noted one gentleman who had severe mobility issues and who had been brought to the aircraft by wheelchair being asked to move seats by a crew member and struggling to do so with no assistance. Then I was told that my bag would need to be put in the hold. I tried to protest, explaining that I had intentionally travelled long-haul with hand luggage only to avoid these waits at the carousel and potential delays and missed connections, and had had recent terrible experiences with this, but the crew were entirely unhelpful and just chucked lots of our bags in the hold. These are all people who boarded around the middle of the cohort, so I can only imagine how many bags were relegated to hold in total. There were no reminders from staff to remove important or disallowed items from bags before they were taken to the hold - hopefully noone left their passports in there! This was all followed up by one of the most uncomfortable seat experiences of my life - and that's coming from someone who can sleep pretty much anywhere. There was barely any legroom, the seats weren't particularly comfy and as soon as the person in front reclined even slightly the screen was practically in your face. Arm rests also in an odd position. No USB or other charging points which is quite unusual these days. Not woken for my meal, so didn't have anything, and was only lucky to catch someone's eye long enough to get a drink. I flew with Turkish Airlines a few years ago (LHR-HK via IST) and actually had a very nice experience, but they have definitely gone down the pan since then with none of the nice touches. Would absolutely pay more to avoid flying with this airline in future.
  The customer service is terrible, they communicate with you via feedback, that's not helpful when you are rushing. They canceled the flight, we were promised our Uber fees would be reimbursed at the airport, but no one reimbursed it. I reached out and I was promised I would get it in miles, but I haven't gotten a dime back. I wish they never canceled Moscow flight, I would never use Turkish airlines otherwise. 
 Had and amazing flight with Turkish Airlines on a one way ticket from Antalya via Istanbul to London. Flight was late leaving Antalya to Istanbul but made up time to get my connection to London. Full flight from Istanbul to London where the crew perform well and was calm and professional. Nice food in economy which I ask for seconds. Enjoyable smooth flight and landed in London Heathrow bang on time. Wish I had more time to explore Istanbul new airport. Will definitely fly Turkish Airlines again.
  It was the worst experience that I ever had. I bought 3 tickets for myself, my wife and my 19 month old son since we need extra room when we are flying. We flew from Los Angeles to Tashkent via Istanbul and back from Tashkent to Los Angeles after spending 2 weeks in Tashkent with 3 days stop in Istanbul. We really liked Istanbul and it's touristic attractions. We bought tickets via Expedia and I paid full price for my son's ticket. When checking in in Istanbul TK representatives told us that we have to buy new ticket for our son since the one we bought was a child ticket, but it has to be a baby ticket as our son is under 2 years old. They told us that on previous 3 hops TK made a mistake allowing our baby onboard and they sent us to to a ticket office where I got charged an additional 130 USD for a new ticket for our son. It's the kind of Turkish Bazar experience you get when you deal with TK. It was a very stressful situation for our family as we were almost late to our flight to LA. I was very angry and was not able to sleep during our flight to LA. It's a completely different experience with Turkish Airlines in other countries as in Tashkent/Uzbekistan and Los Angeles their representatives are more customer focused. 3 years ago I had another bad experience with Turkish Airlines in Istanbul when TK oversold tickets to our flight to Los Angeles. They push people who bought tickets in advance with cheaper rates to stay and chose a different flight making a priority for those who paid higher buying tickets closer to departure date. That creates a stressful experience for the passengers since they don't have seats on their boarding passes. They first push you that you don't have seat available and later gamble proposing bonuses to passengers to abandon a flight and you have to stand firm to take your flight. Somebody agrees at the end to abandon a flight. Our Turkish Airlines experience was so bad that it spoilt our impression about our vacation in Turkey. We would try to avoid this airline and country in overall for upcoming vacations. 
  Because of covid and the fare I paid, my expectations were low. However, it ended up being one of the best experiences, the other one being with Swiss Airlines over a decade ago. The food did not give me the indigestion I usually have with airlines food. It was fast and expeditiously served without the personnel being rude, dismissive, or in a hurry.  Some bad turbulences were well handled. People may think that there isn't much an airline can do about turbulences, however, I have flown a lot in this lifetime. If you pay attention, there is actually a lot that can be done.  I have been on many flights where I expected something like the felt slippers to be provided. Feet can start hurting and aching when stuck in hard shoes for 10+ hours. Nothing was ever provided. Restrooms were very clean. I have paid more for tickets for shorter flights on hyped airlines where strangely it wasn't feasible to keep the restrooms clean.  Customer service, on the phone as well as at check-in at the airport was very professional, meaning detailed and efficient without making me feel that they are forced to serve me because I paid for the ticket or because they have security regulations to follow.
  Took TK from Manila to Ankara via Istanbul in Business Class with A350. I used to fly the same route with Boing 777. Both are good planes but A350 has a better concept for Privacy I guess the families with children may prefer Boing 777. Departed on time received good service and good food. Wi fi was excellent. It seems like There is some additional investment on cabin crew. This time I found them much better, well trained and service oriented. Istanbul to Ankara it was Boeing 777 which was unusual and Business class had 60 to 65% occupancy. This flight was probably the worst domestic flight experience I have ever had. Crew was so noisy talking to each other and using the trolleys to serve the meals. On the way back from Istanbul we had approximately 40 min late departure due to connecting flights and it was also a nice flight
  I flew together with my girlfriend, our flight was delayed for more than 4 hours. Passenger rights regulation EC261/2004 states a compensation of 600 euros per ticket.  Turkish airlines, starting offering 25.000 miles. They don't need to offer anything as the regulation states clearly the compensation. I complained and they offer more miles, then I complained again and they offer more miles again when I clearly stated that I don't want their miles.  Be careful with this airline, they don't respect the passenger right, rights which can be download also from their website. Further more, according to their own rules, for a delay of more than 3 hours, you have the right to have a cold/hot drink, a snack and a meal. When I asked for it at their desk at the airport, they said that as the flight was delayed for less than 5 hours, I have to ask for these at the boarding gate, gate that would be shown 4 hours later. Finally at the gate they offer a bottle of water at room temperature, nor cold nor hot and a disgusting looking sandwich that of course we didn't take.
 Preserve your sanity and AVOID this airline. I purchased my tickets 3 months in advance, and they have cancelled several legs of my itinerary four times so far. I believe they overbooked and kicked me off the flight because they were able to sell my tickets at a higher price to someone else. They provided no explanation but simply that the flight has been cancelled. It is a nightmare to rebook. Their system is set up to make you frustrated so that you cancel the flight, and rebook at a higher price. They have other flights available that they will not give to you saying your class (Economy/Business A B C Z I) do not match. Shouldn't they accommodate the customers to their best since it is Turkish Airline's fault? Right before our vacation, it turned into a nightmare. So much stress because of their unprofessionalism. Do yourself a favor and avoid Turkish Airlines. It is not worth the stress.
  Online check-in and baggage drop have been relatively smooth, boarding too. Flight staff had been seen arguing before take-off which gave passengers an uncomfortable feeling. Comparing to the hospitality we were experiencing in Japan, the flight staff has been rude, tired and forgetful. With the seat belt sign turned on, seating in a window seat, I kindly asked for a tissue I did not receive, despite reminding the stewardess once more. We had a slight delay in departure but we arrived on time, which I really appreciated. The aircraft was old, with narrow seats and not a lot of legroom. My friend who is 186 cm tall had a hard time seating in the middle seat. Despite expensive price for the tickets, Turkish does not allow to choose your own seat - not when you buy nor when you check-in. Seat prices were ridiculously priced, where the extra legroom cost almost 90 EUR per person, per flight. My food was served lukewarm and the fresh bread was served to our hands before we could use their wipes to clean them. Taste was acceptable, portions are somewhat generous but the ingredients were repeating themselves. That includes our return flight. Onboard wifi was for free for Miles&Smiles members, but only 10 Mb which is laughable. The internet speed was poor and after trying 15 minutes to connect to the WiFi service, I shut down my phone after 5 minutes of trying to read some news. Unacceptable for this day and age. Overall, I would not recommend this airline.
 It’s not our first flight with Turkish Airlines, but this is the first that disappointed us before even getting to aircraft. We arrived to the airport 6 hours prior to check in. The staff saw us there. When they started to prepare for check in we moved to the line for infants as we travel with three kids and one of them is just 2 years old. The woman at the desk started arguing with us that he looks older. Quite an argument! Then she asked if he has a seat - and if he has he’s not consider as an infant! Do you believe it? We buy a seat for our kids long before they are 2 because it’s the matter of convenience, not the age! Then, we moved to common line, but of course our place was already took by other passengers and the staff told we have to get to the end of the line. Seeing us with three young kids 7 and under, with two carts full of suitcases and knowing we arrived much earlier than other passengers they moved us to the end of the line! Should it be Lufthansa or even Turkish Airlines in Turkey they would let us pass through the infant line without any questions. It’s sad that the Turkish values of caring about children and families and Turkish Airlines high standards of service are not relevant for some representatives of the staff. Should I have a long flight next time I would avoid this company!
 Disappointing service and I haven’t even flown yet! Rescheduled my flight + 1 day - no compensation or even consideration for the inconvenience it has caused me. It’s cost me a day of work and also an additional hotel! Never using again!
  Cabin crew on all flights were unsmiling and not friendly. On flight from Istanbul to Vancouver there were no snacks and service was almost 10hours apart. Probably the worst service considering galley was so noisy even when they were not offering any service. Cabin crew only smiled when talking to each other and not to customers.  I have flown cross Atlantic business class on Lufthansa and Air Canada and both are miles above Turkish airlines Had a short connection in Istanbul from Dubai to Vancouver, bags were tagged priority and yet it took over 1 hour to get my bags on arrival in Vancouver. Not sure I will fly with Turkish again, overall not impressed with Turkish airlines
  They disregard responsibility for their mishandling of bookings. Their grievance process, which they call “Feedback”, is disconnected and frustrating. I will not use Turkish Airlines again. Turkish Airlines cancelled my return flight, yet never notified me. They say, by their “Feedback” email response, that they sent me a SMS about the flight cancellation on February 18, 2022. My text message log shows no such message. That would be a message that would have grabbed my attention and led me to make alternative arrangements. No contact from them was made by phone, email or text about this. They did have all of my correct contact information, demonstrated by several texts and emails received about small changes in my outbound flight time. I also was not notified at my outbound flight check in that the return flight was cancelled. No alternative flight was booked by Turkish Airlines. This led to my being stuck at the Tel Aviv airport, having to return to the city overnight, and flying out the next day: a 19 hour delay and extra $489 of expenses. Turkish Airlines denied all responsibility and did not provide any compensation. There was a United Airlines (a Star Alliance partner) flight 4 hours later than my cancelled flight, which I requested on the phone with a customer service representative and from the ticketing agent at the airport, but this was not granted. Customer Service by Feedback is a brick wall. It is all done by email, and their email response closes the case.  The phone customer service agents tell you that everything is handled by Feedback email. The Turkish Airlines website says that they aim to respond to Feedback within 1 week. This does not provide any assistance when you need it at the time of your travel. All of my responses to Feedback came more than 1 week after submission, and only after I called and was told that the response will be expedited. Feedback 1: after 3 weeks and no response, I called, and was told I need to send a new Feedback email. Feedback 2: Claim denied. They allegedly sent me a SMS on Feb 18, which was more than 14 days before my flight, and that absolves them of responsibility. Their email also says that they offered an alternative flight 2 hours later. Feedback 3: I submitted my text log from Feb 17 and 18 showing no message was delivered to me. I pointed out that I was at the airport at 6 am for my 8:30 am flight, I was not offered a 10:30 am flight that they say they offered me in February, and a 10:30 am flight did not connect with any flights from Istanbul to San Francisco. Their Feedback response: Denied – SMS sent February 18. Lessons I learned:  Avoid Turkish Airlines. Check and reconfirm all flights ahead of time.  Fly nonstop whenever possible. Purchase travel insurance.
 Turkish is known for its good service. The aircraft is new and service is fine but the seat pitch is probably the worst I've seen. Very disappointing.
  Seats were either broken or not functioning well. The flight attendants should come to push or pull the seat back and the leg rest. The nightmare was on the return flight. I arrived with my family about two and a half hours before the flight just to find that we have no seats. No explanation was provided by the staff. The first one lied saying it was a system issue. She then left and asked us to wait. I waited for about 1 hour with nothing done and not a single word of sorry. I found later they booked for some VIPs at our expense. When I objected, they tried to find a solution. 
 I am not sure why this airline gets such poor reviews, ok out flight was delayed by on hour and we boarded by remote stand which was a bit annoying. Service on the flight was first rate staff were friendly the food has to be one of the best meals I have eaten on a flight. The selection of shows and movies was wide and easy to find something to watch. If you compare this with most European carriers you get none of that, last flight on LH was a bottle of water and a small chocolate bar. What I did find odd was how rude the passengers were to the cabin crew and how well the crew handled it. I am definitely looking forward to my next flight
  Flights from London to Istanbul, then to Cairo and then return. Flight to Istanbul was ok, food served and service was reasonably quick. On arrival at Istanbul airports there was no gate listed for onward connection and the connection was tight-Istanbul airport was terrible. Finally found the connecting gate - this flight was a Boeing 737 - old, hard seats and a full flight. Again a meal served-tepid but edible. Landed on time. Return flight was from Alexandria airport -5 security checks before we could enter the plane. Aircraft was on time but half way through the flight there was a medical emergency, which was dealt with admirably by the crew - luckily there was also a doctor on board. We were served breakfast. Final flight was Boeing 777 from Istanbul to London - served the same breakfast but no complaints as some well known airlines handout a packet of crisps. The only real complaints are the airports - both Istanbul and Alexandria-they both need better communication.
 I was flying from Istanbul to Lima via Panama. My ticket from Panama City to Lima was with Copa airlines, which was booked by Turkish Airlines and it wasn't me who booked the tickets with Copa Airlines. Before the day of the flight, I was able check in online for my flight from Istanbul to Panama, however, their website wasn't letting me check in online for the other connecting flight. I had received a link from Copa Airlines as well to fill in health related details, and other questions on destination, citizenship, residency, etc. After filling all that, the website had clearly said "no transit visa required" for Panama. Next morning when I reached Istanbul airport, they gave me only the boarding pass for first flight. When I asked them for the 2nd one, they said I'll get that from Copa in Panama. They had also put my luggage until Panama, which I had asked them clearly if that could cause any issues. However, they said everything is fine. Finally at boarding, I was stopped from boarding saying that I need a visa for Panama because I'll have to get down to get my luggage and hence will need to exit the transit zone. When I said this is Turkish Airlines fault then as I had clearly asked them about luggage, the guy admitted it was messed up by whoever gave me boarding pass. However, then they made up some rule that because my return flight to London is not through Panama but rather through Amsterdam with KLM, hence I need a visa for Panama. I have no idea what rule is this and why should my return flight have anything to do with my transit visa. I asked them to show this in writing and they just wrote the reasons on my boarding pass! I asked them for written proof which can be validated and have been trying to contact them over this from the time I have returned back to London. They keep closing the tickets and do not still provide any proof. The latest ticket is still open since Sep 20th and they have just stopped responding. I lost a lot of money (close to 3500 GBP) because my return flight was not refundable and some of my plans/trips in Lima weren't refundable. These morons have still been hiding and do not respond. Worst customer service ever. They also made me run around in Istanbul airport from one counter to another without giving any proper response after I wasn't allowed to board. And finally I had to return back to London with a last minute expensive ticket (990 EURs)
  Istanbul to Manchester in Business class. The flight left on time but the service was appalling. After take off they served breakfast with little or no interaction with me. After clearing away the curtain was closed and the crew disappeared into the economy cabin. They ignored the premium passengers. They looked like they didn't want to be there. 
  Overbooked my international flight and somehow I got on standby. After not being able to get anyone to take their offer of 400 euros, hotel, and accommodations, they bumped us all to the next day. Afterwards the customer service was extremely rude ... saying how they have no patience for anyone because they have to deal with bumped passengers everyday. While we were told we were getting the same offer as the other passengers, our accommodations and meal met the bare minimum legal requirements. Our hotel was over 1 hour outside of the city. No toilet paper. Not a nice hotel and very far away from anything. The free meal consisted of cold mashed potatoes, pasta, and cold cuts. In order to get the 400 euros we need to leave a message on their feedback forum and hope to get a response in a week. I'm staying in the shabbiest hotel I've ever stayed in while I have a very nice hotel booked and paid for at my destination. I will never fly Turkish Airlines again. 
  I flew from Bahrain via Istanbul to Naples for business. I returned via the same routing roughly a week later. The final leg of the return flight was via a Gulf Air codeshare. Turkish Airlines representatives on the aircraft were courteous. The aircraft seemed clean and generally well-kept. My luggage made it to its destination. It was not damaged. Their website made it relatively easy to select seats on the non-codeshare legs of my journey, and to do the initial check in process. Turkish Airlines does not administratively handle codeshares well. There is no online process on either airline to select a seat or upgrade the codeshare leg. The boarding passes are not valid on the codeshare flight and have to be reprinted at the gate. Gulf Air basically rechecked me in and re-reviewed my passport, visa, etc. At least my luggage checked through. Our flight returning to Bahrain departed the airport (Naples) a little over 30 minutes late for no reason that seemed apparent. Granted, Naples is a dumpster fire of an airport, and this did not help, but no one explained to us what was going on or why it was late. We still made it to the aircraft 10 minutes before take-off. There was no effort to get us back on time. There was no sense of urgency. No one explained to us what was going on. The overheads were stuffed completely full before even 50% of the passengers boarded. The crew started playing 'Tetris" with the overheads to make stuff fit. This caused another 20-minute delay in Istanbul as someone's laptop was missing. It ended up at the opposite end of the aircraft. So now we are 50 minutes late, for no good reason, for a 1+40 connector at Istanbul. The crew in the cabin seemed unsure about what gate we were pulling into at Istanbul. For a codeshare flight international connector, it was impossible to pick two gates farther apart. Deplaned at terminal F, boarded terminal A. GPS tells me I walked (ran, actually) 1.6 miles gate to gate. If you keep people informed, they are less stressed.  Make every effort to be on time. This should be priority 2, right after safety. Enforce carry-on rules and manage the overheads. This costs time for no good reason. Clean up your codeshare process. I will now avoid codeshares with GCC and Turkish Airlines. Manage your gate transfer process. I realize there are limitations based on airport configuration. 
 Istanbul to Beirut. This is one of the worst airlines I've ever had to deal with, staff are very rude, like you won't imagine how rude, I was traveling with my family, wife and toddler (under one year) and they refused even to cooperate or help when we missed our flight after closing the gate early without even notifying or calling upon travelers, while my wife was breastfeeding the baby! When the gate was closed and the airplane was still on ground, they referred me to a "care office" 15 mins walking from the gate, the attitude of what so called "care office" was surprising to us, and those rude staff referred us back to a hotline that is busy, and when someone answered finally, she referred me back to the "customer service" on the website! This process took more than one hour and of course we had to book new tickets. My advice especially to traveling families: do not book with those rude people, their low ticket price comes with low morals and low attitude.
  My flight was scheduled on 30th September 2022 to Doha via Istanbul. As per recent travel guidelines for passengers traveling to Qatar, Antigen test is mandatory only of visitors and not permanent residence or citizen of Qatar. But the staff in Boarding pass counter seems trainee. Since he is confused,  I was forced to take antigen test. Since am in final day of my Visa I was disturbed and rushed to take antigen test. So it cost me CHF.40 as well as 1.5 hrs. 1 of my colleague who is traveling to Qatar in same day through Qatar Airways not forced to take any antigen test. This was totally unacceptable. The staff issuing Boarding pass seems not skilled. Here after I will never book Turkish Airlines. Secondly we had connection flight at Istanbul with 1.5hrs transit time. But flight departure time Zurich delayed by 1 hour. To cover up this we had big running in Istanbul since connection flight is different gate.
 The plane arrived 3 hours later in Istanbul airport and all this time we were waiting in the security zone. After one hour of flight, we were brought food. The stewardess said that today only beef. But there was no beef. I asked where is the beef, to which she replied that there was minced meat in the sauce. I showed her that in the sauce there is only fried tomato and eggplant. My body does not accept such food, but the stewardess said that there is nothing to replace today. In front of me sat a young family with three children. After lengthy negotiations, the children were brought chicken. Thank goodness at least the children were able to eat. After a ten and a half hour flight, food was brought to us again, but this time only chicken with no choice. This was my first negative experience with Turkish Airlines.
 We have flown Turkish Business class previously which is sensational, economy is excellent providing it is not their low budget partner, Batik Air. Just check who you are actually flying with.
 You can not talk to anyone, all agents tell you they can not do anything and will advise you to leave feedback which no one answer, I am a business class customer and sent more than 8 feedbacks and 7 phone calls and no answer, my flight less than 12 hrs and I am stranded.
 Malaysia to Zurich via Istanbul. Delayed for an hour. Something was wrong with the plane and had to taxi back to get it fixed and refill the fuel used while taxi. Food was really bad and tasted odd.
  We flew from San Francisco to Bahrain via Istanbul. We landed in Istanbul at 5pm to get our connecting flight to Bahrain at 8pm. The flight was delayed almost two hours, which we understand happens. We went to the boarding gate one hour before departure. The moment they started boarding, my husband went to buy water. I stayed next to the gentleman boarding the plane. They said last call and he asked me if we were in this flight, I told him yes, my husband is just paying for the water. One minute after I turned around to board and he told me that we missed the flight. He didn’t even tell me to board now when he asked me if we were on this flight.  I stayed paralyzed at the boarding gate watching how they removed our luggage 20 minutes after. I have never experienced such a horrible moment in my life. 
 Flight from Tel Aviv to Miami with layover in Istanbul. September 28. 10pm flight from Tel Aviv got canceled after we already boarded plane and by the time we left to get hotel it was 5.30am (about 11 hours spent at Tel Aviv airport). They gave us a new flight for next day September 29, 10pm. This flight made it to Istanbul but with very little time to make the connection to Miami. Multiple Turkish Airlines employees on airplane and in Istanbul airport told us “it’s ok, they’ll wait for you” but with very little time, we ran across airport to make the connection. As we arrived at the gate, it had been closed for five minutes. From the moment we landed in Istanbul it was absolute mayhem. They gave us another new flight for September 30th at 2pm causing us to spend 11 hours at Istanbul airport. They told us it’s not their fault nor their problem and some laugh in our face at our disappointment. From my experience, all the staff are rude, unprofessional, and dismissive. Be careful when flying with Turkish Airlines. Your travel time may go from 17 hours to 75 hours to get to your final destination (this was my case with no exaggeration). I now need a vacation from my vacation.
  The customer service and staff training is below standard on the ground and on the plane. handling of delays, requests and showing attempts of service is absent. 
  We flew business class round trip. The outbound was from Seattle to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. The outbound was delayed and employees gave us a personal escort because we had to run through the airport. The service on the outbound was good and food was good, not the most comfortable seats to sleep in. The return service was not great and I kept having to ask for water and had to request they pick up our trays and cups, not sure I would pay for it again. Also, our bags were tagged priority but still took forever and we missed our connection in Seattle on the return.
  I booked 2 tickets for myself and my husband from London to Istanbul with return as well, paying extra money for window seat along with seat preference and check-in luggage. They keep on changing my seat on both flights without even contacting us and when I try to contact the customer service they were very rude informing me that is not there problem and not even bothered about it. Even the check-in and tickets offices were extremely unhelpful. If I pay my money for seat preference with my family of course I would not want to share the seat with a stranger. 
  I was late as I arrive 20mins later than the departing time but still 40 mins before departure time. However the ticket says the boarding ends 20 mins before departure. When they did not let me on the flight, and said no worry we will get you on the next flight to Washington DC free of charge. And took me to ticketing service and ticketing service said it is my fault and charged me more than 1000 USD to get on the next flight. 
 Everything about this flight was very smooth and uneventful, in a good way. Staff, both on the ground and on board, were nice and accommodating. They even went above and beyond to address our needs before we requested. The seats are comfortable with ample leg room and a good, responsive IFE system. The main highlight was the food. For a 2.5-hour flight, we got a full meal, and everything tasted great. The flight departed and arrived on time, rounding up a good experience.
  Both flights were very comfortable with excellent service from the cabin crew. Seating on A330-300 is 2x2x2 (TLV-IST) The seats are large, comfortable and plenty of room to recline. The Audio-Technica headsets provided great sound and the in seat TV screen (in armrest) had a very good/clear picture. Wi-Fi worked flawlessly. Breakfast options were excellent (Turkish cheese pastry w/sun dried tomato paste). As always one is welcomed on board with fresh juices and a hot towel. Check in was a little chaotic through no fault of the airline as other passengers blocked access to business class check in with their luggage. Transfer in Istanbul was seamless, however, we had to clear security again. Seating on the 787-9 is 1-2-1 which offers privacy in all business class seats. The Denon noise-canceling headsets have excellent sound and noise cancelation. The lie flat seats are very comfortable. The cabin crew makes the bed (padding and comforter). Meals on the IST-DFW flight were excellent (Salmon for dinner and chicken brochette before landing). Wi-Fi was excellent. I was able to stay connected for entirety of flight. Inflight Entertainment selections were very good. As always, cabin crew provided excellent service. No issues with checked baggage. I highly recommend Turkish Airlines Business Class.
 No matter the type of aircraft, the service is consistent across all types of aircraft. The 737-900ER has 2x2 abreast seating. The chairs are wide and there is enough room between the seats to recline. The reclining mechanism is a little clumsy to operate unlike the 787-9, hence the not perfect rating for this flight. The ICE system is in the armrest and I did not use it. WiFi worked flawlessly even though one flight attendant said that WiFi was not available. The meals were outstanding and the hot towel service very welcome. Flights were timely albeit with a slight delay. No issues with checked baggage.
 Turkish Airlines Business Class product is very impressive. There is a separate check in counter for business class which was very welcome. The 787-9's 1-2-1 seating gives access to the aisle for each seat. Seating is very comfortable and depending on the seat, a bit narrow, however, there is plenty of leg room and the seats become fully flat (turn down service is provided with bedding and a comforter). Service from the cabin crew was exemplary. Dining is par excellence. Both meals were delicious and beautifully presented. The hot towel service was very welcome. The inflight entertainment options were very good with live news channels, music, movie and tv show channels. WiFi was excellent and worked flawlessly.
 Turkish Airlines delay in Beirut had us sitting on the tarmac there for 45 minutes prior to take-off, effectively ensuring we’d miss our Sofia connection in Istanbul. Fast food voucher and rescheduled for a flight 5 hours later which was delayed another 2 hours. In Istanbul they changed gates on the airport monitors twice, having us running firm one end of the airport to the other - A gates to F gates and back again. If you consider how huge Istanbul airport is, you’ll feel our pain. Boarding is disorganized. They should forget their cursory attempt at food service and focus on getting people places on time! They turned what should have been a 4-5 hour transit time into a ~15 hour ordeal. I’ll only fly them in the future under duress.
  Paid for Business Class, aircraft was old and in poor repair. Seats were poor design and not comfortable. Crew kept cabin too warm and made for uncomfortable flight. Called airline directly months in advance for window seats but not honored, assigned seats were on we site and app, but declined at the gate stating "its only a request". Then the staff had the nerve to move my assigned seat to accommodate other couple seated together. We will never fly this airline again.
  Arrived to the airport 3 hours early. Waited in line for the plane to board 1 hour late. Sat on the tarmac for another half hour. Arrived late to the gate, because of their delay. They did not hold the connections or assist passengers with navigating their massive airport. They then sent me to a hotel that they touted as 5 Star and stated that they would provide me dinner. Did not mention that dinner would be pre selected for me and that I would have to buy any drinks for 2€ . The room is at very best, 2 star. The staff at the hotel is largely very accommodating. Initially I was overlooking their disorganized loading and unloading the plane. The app that doesn’t work for me half the time, the on board entertainment that fails to maintain volume with the headphones they give you.  I will never book another Turkish air flight again.
  We were unable to check in online. We phoned regarding this and after being hung up on twice by rude staff we were told it would be sorted at the airport which it was. However, on the way back we were told the flight had been overbooked, we were on standby but this would be resolved at the gate. It was not. We tried to talk to various members of staff but they either did not speak enough English or shouted at us. We were given a voucher for a 'meal' which got us one slice of pizza and were left to navigate Istanbul Airport by ourselves. We eventually found the place to collect our luggage but were told it was too much work for them to locate it. After insisting, we eventually got our suitcases back and transit to the worst hotel. We  got a flight home one day late. We were told we would get 400 euros compensation but that did not happen today because there are no Turkish Airlines staff at Edinburgh Airport so we are still chasing this.
  TK1304 from Malaga was delayed by 2 hours. We arrived to the Istanbul just in time to see our plane to Egypt TK0698 taking off.  It took us 2 hours and 5 lines to the 5 different counters to finally get to someone from the Turkish Airlines to help us. They gave us new flight tickets in 24 hours without any excuses, just like this was normal. They also offered us a hotel to have a sleep at. 2 hours later, 05:30 in the morning we at last were checking into that hotel. By that time my 8-year old son was literally falling from his legs. Me and my wife were not fresh either. Hotel title says it's has 3 stars, but I wouldn't give it more than one given how tired their rooms are.
  Flew from Istanbul to Manchester yesterday. Very impressed. Flight was very comfortable, staff were very courteous, hot meal and drinks were provided free. There was also a free headset and access to free tv/radio. This is back to the 'old days' of good service and enjoyable flight which took off and landed on time. Won't hesitate to use Turkish Airlines again and will recommend to others. Also very impressed with Istanbul airport. It puts Manchester airport to shame.
  Valerie, terminal 2A, Paris CDG airport, left our hearts feeling warm with her compassion, patience and understanding whilst checking our bags. She showed us great kindness and deserves recognition for her customer service skills performed. Thank you to Valerie, if you read this, for all the small efforts which made our travels much easier while pregnant. Thank you for going above and beyond ☺️ Turkish airlines hires great assets to their company.
  I purchased International tickets, checked Turkish Airlines baggage policy which I read as 1 checked bag per passenger for international flights. When my wife and I arrived at the airport, they charged us USD$ 6 per kilogram. That’s $238 for two medium sized bags for an international flight. Plus the aircraft was their ‘Trademark of Turkish Airlines’, I’m guessing low cost, carrier Anadolujet. That was not disclosed anywhere when the flight was booked or at the airport. We had a second flight already booked - international also - where we got hit again for per kilo for pricing. It cost more per kilo for the luggage than it did for us. 
 Skopje to Singapore via Istanbul. I had a 10kg bag of extra luggage to carry. The online estimator didn't work, nor was I able to pay for this using their app. I called the airline every day for 2 weeks trying to pay in advance, without success. Phone line was dead. On the day of the flight I attended to office in Skopje, and requested to purchase the extra luggage. They advised me this is handled at the airport and sent me on the way. At the airport I was charged 500euro and they even had the nerve to say it would have been cheaper if I payed for the extra kgs ahead of time. The flight itself was well below average. Never again.
  I booked ticket and I misspelled 1 character in my name and kept calling customer service for resolution and help. No one helped me. We had connecting flight in Istanbul and our first flight also got late, and it took us forever to reach our to the flight. The airline didn't transfer our luggage to the connecting flight. In our flight from Delhi to Istanbul we didn't offered VEG Meal. We tried to book Basinet for bay, got nothing from customer service, tried to book from website - it failed with some error.
  We checked in with Turkish Air in Istanbul for a flight to New York JFK thru Cairo on the 29th of Aug 2022. Fast forward to JFK and 3 of our bags never made it. We filed a claim with Turkish Air and they declined to help us track down the bags. T hey stonewalled us with no help or information, still have not lifted a finger to assist in finding our bags. We are crushed to lose 3 suitcases full of personal items and no help at all was offered. we even provided them with the bag tag numbers and everything.
  My family and I returned from Turkey on 12th August via the Turkish airline, and we had a fantastic experience. The food was good (especially as we were not expecting any). We had flown to Turkey via easy jet and had received no snacks or food on board, not even a drink. The best part of our trip with Turkish airlines was the level of hospitality extended by the air host/hostesses. One if particular deserves a mention; Esra Apaci. Esra went above and beyond for me and my entire family that day. She ensured that we had a very good trip and I am deeply grateful to her. She is a shining example of what air hostesses should strive to be. You are lucky to have her working for you.
  If I were rating the food on the plane, it would be 10/10. However, the customer service of Turkish Airlines was horrible. Our first flight was delayed combined with wheelchair staff not showing up at our connecting flight destination. This led to us missing our flight and being stuck in Istanbul airport for 12 hrs. The Turkish airlines staff at the business lounge was absolutely horrible and not willing to help. There were zero accommodations provided. When filing a complaint, Turkish airlines came up with the excuse that we did not respond to the wheel chair attendant which was why they did not provide it for my wife. Completely made up excuse on their part.
  This airline is getting worse. Since COVID hit their prices skyrocketed and the service got worse. Flights delayed and caused nightmare for connection passengers. Most of staff can't speak proper English. The airline charges extra for wifi service which never works.
  Flew from Manchester to Istanbul on TK1996 on Wednesday 24.8.22. This was my 1st flight with Turkish Airlines. The journey inflight was fine with decent food, until we arrived at Istanbul an began to circle due to very bad weather. After 15 mins the pilot mumbled something unintelligible in Turkish and English over the tannoy an we were diverted to Izmir. I've flown a lot an have seen some delays but nothing like the disorganised chaos at Izmir when we landed at 1am. There were no staff to answer questions an the ones that did arrive hours later didn't know anything or didn't really care, basically saying go an find your own flight back to Istanbul. It was absolute chaos with a lack of help or interest by Turkish Airlines or Izmir staff. It got so tense that airport staff were screaming at stressed passengers trying to get help.  After approx. 12 hours I managed to get on a flight to Istanbul. I'll never use Turkish Airlines again an have requested compensation. 
  Turkish is one of the best airlines. When we arrived in Atlanta the check in was quick. Turkish does not provide TSA pre although I had it. When we got on the plane the seats were very comfortable and modern. The staff on the plane were very well trained and nice. The beverage they had for pre flight drinks were Cherry Juice, Orange Juice and, Lime juice. For eating options they had both American and Turkish eating options. On the ground I paid for a service that drove you in a buggy and passport control was smooth because I paid for the service. I was then taken from the airport to my hotel in a BMW.
  My luggage never arrived in Bangkok from Dusseldorf which might not be the airline entire fault. But The airline support to find my luggage has been the worst. No update on the luggage tag scans and location, even as up today, after 6 weeks and 20 phone calls. -The call center is only here to write messages to luggage support teams but you never get to talk to people who actually work in directly solving your problem. The refund offered so far is around 10% of the value lost in stuff in my luggage. This situation could be acceptable for the first 1 or 2 weeks, but after 6 weeks waiting, I had to write this review.
  My overall delay was 11 hours and 45 minutes, for the first 7 hours not a single announcement was made and staff were absent or somehow unable to explain what was happening to my flight. For the first half hour, I wasn't even aware there was a delay. After 7 hours, someone decided we might need some water. It was announced my flight was cancelled but no-one knew when it was rescheduled to, I slept the night on the floor and guessed when the flight might leave. On returning to the UK, I claimed compensation to be told I wasn't entitled to any despite missing my connecting flight.
  After I checked in (3 hours before the flight) they changed the aircraft but there was no notification. When I went to the Gate, they took my boarding pass and gave me a new seat next to the toilets. They didn't ask me if it would bother me, although there were a few more vacant seats. The crew manager told me that there was nothing they could do. Very disappointed.
  TK 1998 from London delayed more than 3 hours but airline was not transparent and revealed last minute that it was a 3 hour delay which would cause the next flight connection to be missed. TK44 connection was missed. There was no recorded bad weather in London or in Istanbul yet the staff kept claiming the same reason for delay. The transfer desk was crowded and attending passengers after queuing for 45 minutes. The next flight assigned was TK44 which was 24 hours later. No hotel provided as apparently all hotels full. Passengers were told to keep returning every 3-4 hours to check hotel room availability. No food and drink, even the food service in the lounge was overburdened and exhausted. After checking availability at the counter every hour throughout the night, I paid a huge amount of money to get a room in the morning at the airport hotel so I could sleep a few hours. As I write this review my travel agent's system shows I have been booked to fly late this evening Istanbul to Nairobi and Nairobi to Cape Town. Surprisingly I am issued a boarding pass for an early morning flight tomorrow Istanbul to Cape Town. I don't know which is correct so I guess I will again not sleep and am going back to the airline counters to verify which is valid.
  We bought a ticket for the Istanbul-Bodrum flight, I arrived at check-in, they gave me a ticket, when they gave me a ticket on the ticket it was written - SBY - I noticed but did not understand what it means, but it turns out to mean something. It’s not a fact that you will fly on this flight, it means that 95% of you will not be put on a flight, you will only be put on a flight if the one who already has a seat does not come on the flight. This is what happened to me - they turned me and 4 other people around and said that they would not put me on the flight - it was terrible. They put everyone on the flight except us, although they all bought tickets at the same price and it was not indicated that they can turn us back. As a result, we were told to go to the airline office and talk to the employees there, they said that maybe they could help us. We had to go from the counter where the boarding took place to their office, we went around half the territory of the Istanbul airport to chat with the employees. We were told that they would put us on the next flight in 19 hours - I began to resent and demand the next flight - we were told that everything was busy there. I told us it doesn’t matter, now someone has taken our seats on our flight, let them give us seats on the next flight. As a result, through scandal and nerves, we were given a flight after 5 hours, and all this time we had to wait at the airport. We were given a coupon for cheap Burger King food that I don't even eat, and a coupon for 100 euros, which at first they didn't even want to give away, referring to the fact that such a big airline has no cash at the box office. And again, when I started arguing with them through their nerves, they paid $ 100 in compensation. As a result, a terrible attitude, spoiled mood before rest, spent the whole day at the airport waiting for the next flight.  I do not recommend this airline.
  From check in to landing, Everything was great. Almost no complaints. Check in line was very long. But it was flawless experience. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Overall 10/10 service.
  In January 2022 I booked on Turkish Airlines website 3 tickets for my family to fly from Bucharest (Romania) to Los Angeles with layover in Istanbul. The first flight was code-sharing (operated by Tarom airlines) while the second was Turkish Airlines. In April 2022 I received an email from Turkish Airline stating one of the flights has a new departure time (not important, 10 minutes time difference). I entered Turkish Airlines website to accept the change however it was not possible, the error message stated I should contact customer service to accept the change. I called customer service and told them I accept the change, the person I talked to said it is OK, he accepted the change for me. The next day I checked the reservation status on Turkish Airlines website and I noticed that for the 3 passengers I can see only 2 e-ticket numbers (the 3rd one was gone). I called customer service and after commenting that “your flight is in 4 months from now”, they said there is an error in the system and they submitted an internal ticket, it will be fixed in 1-2 weeks. I waited 1 week, no change so I called them several times over the following 2 months and also wrote emails to customer service. Finally on June 10 they wrote back to me saying: “We have checked our system logs and detected that there was a systematical error regarding the reissue of your ticket.” As solution the moved the 3rd passenger to a new booking (2 passengers on 1 booking code and the 3rd on a different booking code). I said than you and asked them to assign also the extra legroom seat I paid for to the new tickets. They confirmed they did. One day before the flight I tried to do the online check in. “Ticketing error” was the message, so I called customer service again. They confirmed in their system all looks good, no problem, I should not worry, I can check in at the airport. On the day of flight, we arrived early at the airport in Bucharest and spent 1 hour with the check in supervisor in Tarom because she was not able to check us in for the flight as the tickets were messed up. In the end (30 min before take-off) she managed to check us in for the flight to Istanbul and said we should get the next boarding pass in Istanbul airport. We ran through the airport and managed to board the flight. In Istanbul at Transfer Desk they gave us the boarding passes for the Los Angeles flight. I said I want to make a formal complaint, however the lady at the transfer desk was not sympathetic at all, she did not care at all, she said I have to call/ write customer service for that. We boarded the flight from Istanbul to Los Angeles, looked for our seats and discovered that only 2 seats were extra leg room (and we paid months in advance for 3 seats extra legroom). The 3rd seat was middle seat (not even aisle). The cabin crew said there is nothing they can do, the plane is full. The Boeing B777-300ER was old and dirty. The cabin crew was in a rush to finish their service then withdraw at the back of the plane to chat in Turkish and ignore all the customers. They addressed me in Turkish and only when I had the “I don’t understand” look on my face they switched to English.
  Paid a full fare in business class from Luxembourg to Bahrain via Istanbul. First leg all went ok with A321, service and seat. Second leg was disaster, chaotic boarding in Istanbul, the aircraft has an older version of business class seats that didn’t recline fully. 
  After missing my flight they showed no interest in helping me book a new flight. As my confusion grew with the booking prices and unanswered questions they waved me away. The inflight staff was also forgetful and rushed service even though it was an 11hr flight. Overall extremely dissatisfied.
  The flight was delayed more than 8hrs. The customer service was horrendous. They took us to a hotel 2 hrs away from the airport which was below all standards,  and it was very obvious that the room was not cleaned.  The seats were not comfortable.
  The airline managed to lose our luggage. The bad thing was for 1 week we were calling them and each time they were saying a different thing. We only got one of our suitcases after a week while the other one was lost. Their attitude was rude and not helping.
  Very bad, delay from Los Angeles for no reason. On arrival stood in front of a closed gate because the connection flight was overbooked! Actually my paid seat has been sold 2 times! Zeer slecht, vertraging vanuit Los Angeles zonder opgave reden. Bij aankomst voor een dichte gate gestaan omdat de connectie vlucht overgeboekt was! Eigenlijk mijn betaalde stoel is 2 keer verkocht!
  I purchase my tickets on June 3rd and paid additional $312 for assigned seats from LAX to IST and back. Well, flying there wasn't a problem, but coming back I got different seats assigned to us even though I picked my seats. The representative at the airport said that the aircraft was changed -it wasn't. They told me that I will get my refund at the counter, but they just give excuses. They told me to call to Turkish Airlines office and get my money back. I called customer service and they told me to fill put a form and some will get back to me. Of course no one did.  I called my credit card company after waiting for 4 days and disputed half of $312. And on top of that Istanbul airport screens some flights you right before you get on the plane. And the face of all guards, that are checking you, is so arrogant.
  The day before my Turkish Airlines flight on the 16th of August 2022, I purchased an upgraded seat (38 euros) and 5kg of extra baggage (68 euros). I had upgraded from seat 29A to seat 5A, meaning I was going to sit in the front row, behind business class. When I arrive at the airport, I am informed at the check-in service that I am not allowed to check in 5kg of extra baggage. I also see that the seat number on my boarding pass is 29A, not 5A as I had paid for. When I get to the gate, I confront the flight representative from Turkish Airlines, and he says that the flight is overbooked, and this is why I was not able to get my seat, or my extra baggage. I am told to contact Turkish airlines customer service to get my money back. I arrive back in Copenhagen and contact Turkish airlines customer service, and I am told to send in a feedback form. I do so, including all my information about the issue, and the day after I get an email saying " we can detect you were seated in the correct seat (29a) and can therefore not offer you a refund. Basically they didn't take their time to review the information they gave them, so I called them back. I get met by one incompetent customer service representative after another. First they say they don't know what to do, second I get sent to another representative who says they are having technical issues and I should call back at a later time.   I will continue my attempts to get my 98 Euros back, but I bet it will be a very difficult proccess.
  The worst airline operating in Europe. Often late. No compensation. No food or drink when delayed. Poor food and entertainment. Business lounge is terrible. Business seat is so uncomfortable and does not go flat. Avoid this airline.
  I usually always love flying with Turkish Airlines but my latest experience left me disappointed. I was travelling on a codeshare ticket with Malaysian Airlines. This meant I was unable to do online check in before arriving at the airport. I received an unusual text from Turkish Airlines about 20hours prior to departure if I would like to give my seat up and get a refund to go to the Denied boarding office at Istanbul airport. No phone number or any way to discuss this offer further. I checked in at the airport 3 hours prior to departure and was told there are no seats for me. Flight is overbooked and to go to the gate and wait there. I feel this situation should be handled more carefully by the ground staff. I appreciate flights get overbooked but they need to explain this arrangement better. The agent clearly didn’t want to go over how it works, just that if I don’t get on the flight I’ll be looked after with accommodation and booked on another available flight. At the gate the ground staff again were not so helpful and just told a few of us to wait to one side once all passengers boarded (around 6 of us were in the same situation and all on codeshare flights!). They accepted us on the flight and explained some connecting passengers landed too late to make it to the gate in time. They need to improve their handling of overbooked flights as I am sure this is happening a lot and it causes a lot of stress for full paying passengers who expect more from a world class airline such a Turkish Airlines. I continue to recommend the airline as their inflight experience is excellent, however always ensure you check in online so you aren’t left without a seat!
  I flew Qantas from Sydney to Singapore, then Turkish Airlines from Singapore to Istanbul, and from Istanbul to Tel Aviv. On the way from Singapore to Tel Aviv, the flight was fine. The staff were rude, but the in-flight entertainment and the food were really good. On the way back though - it was a disaster from start to finish. First, we arrived at Ben Gurion Airport to check-in. I was travelling in a group booking with 20 other students. The Turkish Airlines staff member checked in 11 of us, and then said "sorry the flight from Istanbul to Sydney is full, the rest of you are on standby.' We were travelling on a study program and couldn't be separated, but they didn't care. Apparently the flight had been overbooked by about 15-20 people. We were all still able to get from Tel Aviv to Istanbul without any issues. We were delayed by two hours in Tel Aviv because a Turkish Airlines staff member locked themselves outside at our gate. They had to wait for someone to let them inside. The person who came to let them in locked themselves outside. So, now we had two Turkish Airlines staff members locked outside. About two hours later, they were both let back inside and we could finally get on board to Istanbul.  In Istanbul, 7 of the 9 remaining students were able to get on a flight - including myself. I didn't know I'd even be on the flight until 5 minutes before the plane started to take off. It was actually me that was meant to be on standby, but one of the other students volunteered as a tribute in my place. They forgot to give me my luggage receipt (which I didn't even think to check until boarding). This made my lost luggage extremely difficult to track once I arrived back in Australia. Thankfully I did manage to get my luggage back after a 8 hours on hold and 11 days of waiting. 
  I booked my flights online in March 2022 and I purchased our seats at the same time. But, when we tried to manage our booking and choose our meal, there was no record of our seat booking on their system. But the money has already been taken from my credit card by this time. We spoke to customer service many times, perhaps about six or seven times between my wife and myself, but they were unable to sort it out since their system would not allow them to do the changes. When we checked ourselves in at Edinburgh airport in July, we tried once again to get us our booked seats but the lady behind the counter was so rude and unsympathetic. She gave us different seat numbers between Edinburgh and Istanbul and separate seats between Istanbul and Jakarta. My kids were 14 and 10 years old at the time. This was the last time we took Turkish Airlines. 
  My daughter had to return early from our trip to Greece and I tried to change her her ticket before we left. When I called they said once I arrived in Greece change the ticket to a flexible ticket. I did what I was told, and spoke to four agents all of which hung up on me or transferred me and was told in the end there was no such thing. I ended up buying her a full price return flight on Delta. I will never fly this airline again. 
  Turkish Airlines is good in the air, but when they have logistical issues on the ground, they are incompetent and rude. I flew from Trabzon to Istanbul for a layover, then Istanbul to Milan. Both legs were with Turkish Airlines. The Trabzon to Istanbul flight was over an hour late. The Milan flight did not wait for me and because the Trabzon-Istanbul flight was late, I missed my connection to Milan. This was on Wednesday August 3 in the late evening. I was flying business class to Milan, so I went to the business class lounge to check what happened. They gave me no compensation, and were only willing to book me a future flight (only economy class seats available). They were unwilling to help arrange accommodation that evening, even though this situation was the fault of Turkish Airlines. And despite the stressful situation, they did not let me use the business class lounge to at least figure out my situation or eat dinner. Staff at the business class lounge were extremely rude and had a terrible attitude.
  Overall, the experience was mediocre. When I transit from bkk to kul, I was lost. No guidance and airline transit counter were not opened. No lounge was provided until I waited 2-3 hours to wait until the counter opened.  When I boarded, the air host was not friendly, I misunderstood her question for what I drink. Indeed, friendly smile was rarely found in the flight.  The option for inflight entertainment was very limited. The seating configuration is kind of outdated and in need of upgrade to proper privacy to passengers who paid premium price.
  Worst travel experience. Delayed on departure, pilot didn't make up any time in the 10 hour flight for people get to their connecting flights in time. We arrive in Istanbul for our connecting flight with the same airline and they had already closed the gate and denied us boarding. The passport check forced us to get Visas to go to the hotel for 3 hours. Now not only are they not compensating us for the delay and hard time and lost time from our trip but they are also denying paying for the Visas we had to purchase on their account.  I'd pay double next time not to travel with this airline. Not that the tickets were cheap to begin with at $1,500 a piece for $4,500 total.
  Absolutely the worst airline you could fly with. Last year a luggage was lost. This year a luggage was lost. Both years our seats were assigned separately and no one would help, a 2 year old kid, a 4 year old kid were all seated separately. Approaching multiple times, we were told that there is nothing they could do. Of course we end up separated from the kids. Let alone that their customer service sucks.
  Agent at check-in Jakarta tried to change seats with no aircraft change, which were pre-booked since months. Had to make a point and stand firm to let them respect my wish to sit together with my wife and to get the seats we booked. At the end we got what we wanted. Contract lounge in JKT quite modest, but good enough. Flight to Istanbul with very comfortable seats but no pro-active service. You had to ask for everything, but crew was always friendly and did fulfill what required. Food was ok, but the whole "dinner-even" took ages. After a good sleep of about 5-6 hours, breakfast was served efficiently. Transit in Istanbul very nice with lovely lounge, multiple food options and excellent Turkish coffee. Onward flight on A330 in 2+2+2 configuration, nice breakfast with very nice crew (this time pro-active). Luggage in Amsterdam came quickly, which surprised me, having read about the mess they are coping with since months.
  Original route was MRU-IST-CPH-SVG and booked direct with TK. We are 2 adults and 2 children. We were in transit at IST and arrived at the gate ahead of time before boarding started for our next flight to CPH. After the boarding queues had reduced we approached the desk to board only to be very abruptly told the gate was now closed and we must stand aside. The gate staff then proceeded to process standby passengers and allow them to continue to board the plane. We stood directly at the counter next to them and watched with disbelief as the gate staff re-assigned our seats to standby passengers and allowed them to continue to board. No-one even bothered to look at our boarding passes or acknowledge any of our requests for help or offer any explanations. We were just shouted at repeatedly that the gate is closed (and I do mean shouted at). We were told to leave the area and go to a service desk which proved to be a roulette wheel of disappointment & frustration resulting in TK saying there was no availability and we must wait at least 72 hours to continue our journey and simply ignored our request for any hotel recommendations or even entry visa assistance for Türkiye (we were in transit). After much back & forth and coaching the ‘help’ staff in searching for alternative routes we managed to find a flight to AMS later that same day. Incredibly, TK then made us pay for a ‘new’ ticket rather than reroute our existing one. And the final cherry on the customer service cake was then being informed that when we arrive in Amsterdam we must find another airline and source and pay for the final flight to Norway ourselves as TK could not help with that route (special thanks to KLM who were very understanding and helpful). In summary it cost us an additional $4000 USD to reach our end destination despite holding valid tickets & boarding passes for all our original TK itinerary. We are all still dumb-founded at how rude and indifferent the TK ground staff acted and treated their customers. This was the first time we decided to fly with Turkish Airlines and it is most certainly the last solely because of the ground staff service at IST which was truly disappointing in every way. Avoid at all costs.
  At first we booked our tickets last minute as we were going to travel with other airline. During the check in process we went to the dedicated Turkish Airlines business class counters which has two rows each one with few check in counters, we went to the first row and the staff told us that it was full so we had to go to the other row. During the check in process the lady at the desk insisted in speaking Turkish, although I have been telling her that we don’t speak Turkish however she did not care and kept speaking Turkish which made the check in process very difficult. After we done with check in we went to the security and immigration using the fast track for TK business class which was as busy as the regular line. The Turkish Airlines business class lounge was very crowded and took us some time to find a place to sit, however the lounge has so many facilities that my two hours before the flight was not enough for me to enjoy the lounge. After going to the gate there was no line for business class, however at the airbridge business was separated from economy. At the aircraft the seats looked very dated I can tell that this aircraft was in service for more than 10 years without being upgraded. The service from cabin crew was good however not as expected for premium class. Before take off and while passengers are entering the aircraft the AC was turned off which was very hot and I started feeling dizzy and informed one of the flight attendants called for a doctor and made sure that everything was fine with me. After take off the turn on the AC which made the climate gets better. Since I ate at the lounge I only had the appetizer without the main meal. The IFE was dated, however one of the best thing I like about Turkish Airlines is their onboard WIFI service it is one of the fastest I have tried in any flight and as a business class passenger they offer 1GB free and after that you can purchase extra data. Overall the whole journey was good.
 I was flying from BOM to CUN using my (unused) Schengen Visa. Mexico immigration clearly says that a person having a valid Schengen Visa does not require a Mexico Visa to for short-term travel to Mexico. Following the rules, the Turkish Airlines staff boarded me and issued boarding passes from BOM to IST and IST to CUN. I reached IST and when I reached the boarding gate of my Mexico flight, I was denied boarding by the Turkish Airlines staff citing that the Schengen Visa must be used before to travel to a Schengen country before flying to Mexico. This self made logic of theirs is ridiculous because firstly - 1) Mexico govt simply mentions that any type of multi entry Schengen Visa is accepted. 2) A Visa is not an obligation to travel, if I got a Schengen Visa that does not bound me to travel to Europe. 3) Also, I know a couple of my friends who also flew to Mexico on their unused Schengen Visa with other Airlines and they were allowed entry to Mexico without any hassles at the Mexico airport immigration. After I was denied boarding at Istanbul (IST) airport gate, I was made to run behind counter after counter but no one in the Turkish Airlines staff actually knew how to handle this situation and they demonstrated an utmost level of hostility and lack of empathy. Because of all this, my entire trip got ruined. Now I have been waiting for a week for at least a full refund if not compensation for the mental agony they caused me but they are not responding and acting as if nothing happened. 
  I found Turkish Airways to be rather amateur in the business class game; most of the staff are well intentioned, but lack polish and refinement. Upon boarding, there was no greeting or assistance to your seat. A non-alcoholic drink is served before take-off, but on departure it took nearly an hour for my first drink to arrive. They ask what you want, and then spend ages setting up the drinks in the 'bar' at the front of the cabin. Staff then fluff about, looking through the list of requested drinks, and bringing them out one-by-one. Nuts can come before or after, but not at the same time. All meals were decent, but unmemorable. Food is no longer served seat-side, but is delivered on a tray. I was never offered a top-up for drinks, and had to request this. Water is not served with your meal or alcoholic drink; you need to request. Drinks are poured at the 'bar' and delivered to you. At breakfast, there was never any offer of juice - just tea or coffee. Service was generally very rushed.  Seats were comfortable - in a 2-2-2 configuration; a seat-topper and pillow case was provided. IFE was pretty pathetic and the movies were almost always mainstream. All in all, it was fine, but not worth the money.
 Singapore to London via Istanbul. First time using Turkish Airlines, check in at Singapore was fine security quick and the lounge was just okay nothing great. Boarding a little late and chaotic but got there in the end, seat 3A in a 2-3-2 configuration a bit outdated but was fine as my neighbour was my partner otherwise not very private. The seat itself was comfortable the crew very nice and the food very good arriving at Istanbul more or less on time used the Turkish lounge for 2 hours which was really very nice, boarding the 2nd flight to London again same seats and another newer 777-300ER food was great for this 4 hour flight service good and arrived 30 minutes early, would consider Turkish again if the right price
  I paid extra for premium so I could have more room. A man gets on last and asks if anyone is sitting there and the flight attendant tells him he can sit there. The man then proceeded to try and take up as much space and take his shoes off. I paid extra for more space and it was the same amount of space as other seats. Hardly had any room. The cabin was hot, the wanted 95BD for a checked bag. No in flight entertainment, no plug in to charge devices. I will never be flying with them again.
  Flight TK1864 (FCO-IST) departed 1hr+ late from Rome due to a late inbound aircraft. We informed the agents in Rome we had connections in Istanbul, and they didn’t do anything at all to find alternatives for us. Upon arrival in Istanbul, no announcement was made by the flight attendants to provide priority of deplaning to passengers with connections. At that point, my pregnant wife and 4yr old son ran across the airport from Gate F8 to B17 to find that the plane had already left. The ticket agent at the gate made no efforts to accommodate anything for us and directed us to the customer service desk across from gate A2 Upon arriving to the customer service desk, we had to speak to 3 different people to get something worked out for us: - First agent: Looked at our tickets and said: “You have to re-do the line, I only work on ticket sales - Second agent: Offered the next available departure to Dubai (next day, almost 24hrs after), when I asked that we really needed to get back to Dubai that night and to look for different options with other airlines, I suggested for example Via Doha, he told me “tell me another connection you want me to look for”. He proceeded to give me a boarding pass on the original Dubai flight send me to his colleague for “further help”.  Third Agent sends me to the Hotel Desk at that point, we realized that agent #2 had just booked me (not my wife or kid) on the next fight, so we had to go back to him to re do it. As instructed, we went to the immigration counter, where the immigration agent asked us for our Visas to enter Turkey. Had to go back again to the “Visa” counter – where I was charged $30 per passenger. I flagged one of the Turkish Airlines employees there, explained my situation and requested for the airline to pay for my visa, as it was not part of my original plan to stay in Turkey; he responded: “Why we will pay? This is the country law; you have to pay.” I was astonished with the lack of any common sense and cordiality that everyone exhibited. I end up paying for the visa, get to the hotel counter, and after 20 mins, we are handed a pass for an hotel, we are loaded into a bus and driven an hour and dropped at this hotel at 4am. 
  This was my first intercontinental flight since before the Pandemic and it couldn’t have been better. While the business class seat is average on the A330, the service absolutely made up for it. On our flight from Boston to Istanbul, the flight attendants were great and very attentive. Every time I finished my drink a FA would come up to me and ask if I wanted anything else and when I finished a meal, the FAs were quick to remove it from my tray table. The food was fantastic, by far the best catering I have had in a long time on any business class flight. It is clear that Turkish has put a lot of effort into their soft product, something I wish airlines here in the US did. In addition, Turkish’s Business Class Lounge in Istanbul is magnificent, there were so many places to get food with so many choices, it was unbelievable! The long also contained a golf simulator and flight simulator that made me wish my layover was longer so I could enjoy the lounge more. Overall, this was a very pleasant experience experience to welcome me back into intercontinental flying after 2 years away from it.
  My flights was moved firstly from 3:25 to 5:30, then my flight was moved from 5:30 to 6:30. Now is 6:30 and people are just entering the plane. Today is 20 July, I cannot understand how could one departure be so many times delayed and time changed?
  We bought round trip tickets from them Houston to Istanbul. After the first flight in December 2021 we needed to extend our stay from 1st March. So we called customer service and they said they can put a hold on ticket and we can rearrange the dates when we want with $235 fee per ticket. When we needed to use the ticket for the date we want to use they asked for almost another around trip ticket fee for the changes. I said I have a ticket that I haven’t used isn’t it should be cheaper? They said they are willing to give me $20 dollar discount per ticket.
  I've heard good things about Turkish Airlines before flying with them. However, they really disappointed. My first outbound flight was delayed by more than one hour. The reason was the crew in Newark didn't show up on time.  I've pre-paid for the seat selection, but I didn't get the seats that I selected. Not only did I get stuck in the middle row, but also now I have to deal with their poor customer service to get the money back. My bag was lost and there wasn't a single airline representative in EWR to help with questions on what to do next. Again, really poor customer service that doesn't have answers to most basic questions.
  In addition from flying to San Francisco to Istanbul we used to Turkish airlines to fly between Turkey and Greece. Every flight we took was delayed. One of the worst delays was when we were leaving San Francisco. They filled up the plane and we sat there for two and a half hours because of a technical issue on the plane. The flights from San Francisco to Istanbul and back are 12 to 14 hours. There was less legroom and overall space on these flights then the short flights we took within turkey and Greece. The planes were old  and uncomfortable. It took us 27 hours to get from Athens to San Francisco and I wouldn't want anyone to experience what we had to at Istanbul airport when trying to get rebooked. Imagine hundreds and hundreds of people all at once in a extraordinary long line with several Turkish airlines officials walking around unwilling to help and not knowing what to do. One funny part was when a Turkish airlines official once every 45 minutes would walk towards a large crowd with a thick pile of boarding passes in his hand and yell out a name of a city and then yell out last names. 
 Requested special meal and confirmed with the staff over the phone and during check-in but our meal was not served during our flight. Flight was delayed and missed connecting flight. Hotel was given but visa needed to be obtained and paid by the passengers. The visa process is cumbersome. It can only be applied online and paid with a credit card. There is no option to obtain visa at the airport and make cash payment. Their card acceptance system is poor. Turkish Airlines does not help in any way to facilitate the visa process even though the flight was missed because of delay on their part. The food at the free hotel was not edible and we had to order room service and pay out of pocket. Half of the people do not get to use the free hotel because they are not able to navigate the evisa process which is required to cross immigration and reach the hotel desk. They make you wait about 45 minutes after you put you name down for free hotel at their desk. The hotels are at least 45 minutes ride from the airport. So, even after you are able to navigate their cumbersome evisa process, it takes about 2 hours to get to your hotel room after you put your name down at the hotel desk for free hotel. Very poor airline with staff not able to communicate properly. Staff at the IST airport are hostile and do not want to help. Inflight food was horrible and not enough. Seats were broken and seatback pockets were ripped. Will not be flying Turkish Airlines again ever.
  I have a flexible return ticket to Malta from Kuala Lumpur for August. For personal reasons, I decided to fly earlier. As per Turkish Airlines, Flexible tickets can change by paying the price difference. So I tried to check the prices online on their website and change the date. However, the website threw an error and asked me to talk to customer support. I decided to go to the Turkish Airlines Sales Office in Kuala Lumpur. But the sales office was closed, and I was told they work from home. There was only an email to contact them (No Phone Number). I sent an email and waited for five days, and there was no reply. So I contacted customer support. The agent told me the price for one person is EUR800. Surprisingly, she then said there was an issue with the system, and she could not change the flight, and they asked me to go to the sales office. I told her the sales office was closed. But she insisted I have to go there to the sales office. I demanded to talk to a supervisor, and she didn't help and wanted to finish the call. After about 45 minutes, she told me to write feedback on the website, and she could redirect me to another customer support section. I wrote the feedback quickly and gave her the reference number. And she forwarded me to another agent. now the new agent asked all the previous questions again. The funny part was that she gave a different price: 4000EUR for one person. I told her the previous agent said it was 800EUR just 20 minutes ago. she said these price fluctuations are normal! In the end, they didn't change my tickets, although I had a Flexible Ticket. I will buy a ticket with another airline, and I will lose this ticket. 
  I had to call customer service as I could not check-in online in less than 24 hours before our flight due to their internal fly time changes. It took me hours to connect with them, and when the representative answered the phone, he did not understand my request. When I asked if I could speak to someone else, his answer was No, I had to disconnect and call again. It took over 30min on the phone with customer service to update our tickets so I could finally check-in.  Moreover, you must pay for the seats if you want to sit next to your partner. The flight was a nightmare. The take-off was delayed for over 1.5h as the plane was waiting for some passengers. We have been sitting on the plane, not knowing when we took off as there was no update; the captain gave us very little information. We had only 1:50 min for our connection flight at Istanbul airport. On the screen, the message showed that 30min before landing, we should see the connection gate. 15 min before landing, it showed no information, We have asked a steward to show us how to use it, and she said I don’t know. We have asked if there is anyone that can help us as we will lose our connection fly as only 20 min left to our next flight. They said that, unfortunately, they could not help and maybe if you run fast, we will make it. That was the only advice.  When the meal was served, they did not ask the passenger in front of me to put the seat upright, so eating in this position was uncomfortable. My food was very average.
  Horrible Experience with Turkish Airlines! I had a roundtrip from Kansas City, USA to Kathmandu, Nepal from Turkish Airlines on June 15, 2022 and returning on July 6th 2022. I paid $2180 for that ticket. The route was from Kansas City to NY (JFK) to Istanbul to Kathmandu. The coming back route was the same except it was Newark, New Jersey instead NY. The total travel time was between 35 to 40 hours each way. During the check-in, the agent was not able to accommodate my seating together with my parents for our flight from Istanbul to Kathmandu. This was my 1st disappointment as the flight was 11 hours long. My mother and I sat together and my dad sat separately. I was constantly walking around during the flight to make sure my dad was doing okay as I was concerned about his health. I am a petite size lady with a small body frame. For my size, the seat was very small and uncomfortable for long flights (8 and 11 hour flights).  The food served to me was horrible both ways. During my return flight, I had even bigger issue! As I was returning back alone from Kathmandu, Nepal to Kansas City, USA, I requested the travel agent that I would like to be seated in an aisle seat. To my surprise, I was asked to pay thousands of Nepalese rupees for an aisle seat. Keep in mind that I paid $2180 for this ticket. With the help from family I was assigned to an aisle seat at the check-in counter at Kathmandu. There is no snack served in between meals, even in 11 hours fight. I was walking around to find a flight attendant to get a bottle of water but not a single flight attendant was to be found.
  The flight was good, problem was that it was delayed. It was a business class ticket and i missed my connection. There is no communication on the plane or in the airport as to what to do when this happens. After 20 min walk I got to the help desk which changed my ticket to 1 day later. They could not help me with the hotel- another office is in charge if that. After another 20 min walk I finally got to the hotel which asked me for my reservation. I could not understand what they wanted me to do - after all I was at their desk to make one. The lady at the desk send me to wait with other customers as she was busy. I explained to her that this is business class ticket, she just waived her had and told me to go sit and she would call me. This is a sad excuse for customer care.
  Turkish Airlines made our wedding a nightmare! I bought a ticket from the Turkish Airlines website. Although it was rescheduled and canceled a couple of times, I contacted them more than ten times to reschedule my ticket. (when I buy tickets from Turkish Airlines, I always have the same issue, they are so unorganized and we have to call several times to fix the issue). Never mind, forget about this. Finally, after talking with rude Turkish Airlines representatives, we fixed the date for the 7th of July, from Detroit to Tabriz. (It was three connective flights). On the 7th of July, we were so happy that everything was fine and finally we were leaving the country for our wedding. I and my husband went to the airport and noticed that the flight that Turkish Airlines gave us was fake and there isn't any flight with that number in the airport system! Everybody at the airport desperately looking for the flight and all the people at the counter and even the airport police were shocked when they checked our tickets. We arrived at 5.30pm at the airport, we called Turkish Airlines customer service from 6 pm to 2 am! You can't imagine what happens, we talked probably with 15 agents, and 4 of them hung up the call, others were yelling at us and were so rude that this is not our fault and we can't fix it. Let's make the story short, all of the representatives said that there isn't any flight on the 20th July from any city in America to Iran. Representatives said to pay $4000 each to give us business class for the next day or we refund your ticket! We spent $50,000 on our wedding, guests were invited and we planned everything, but all of our plans were ruined by their big mistake! I got an anxiety attack at the airport and the police gave me water and asked me to be calm and relax! I call my family in Iran to say to cancel the wedding and they were shocked too. My brother lives in Turkey and he urgently rushed to the Turkish Airlines office in Istanbul, he said you must use their established yelling system so that somebody helps you, otherwise, they don't help with talking and they don't even say sorry for their big mess. Although they said we don't have an available ticket by the 20th of July, my brother bought a ticket for the 11th of July (with the same yelling method that Turkish Airlines representatives taught us). This story should be such a shame to Turkish Airlines, and its rude, unprofessional agents. We sanction Turkish Airlines and even Tukey and we are going to continue to tell this to everybody, just to make them vigilant about which airline they travel with!
  Our flight was delayed in Chicago for almost two hours after we had boarded the plane. We arrived in Istanbul, but knew that our connecting flight was still boarding. As we exited the plane, we showed airline personnel where our next flight was, and their advice was to run! Although I'm in good health and a little overweight, I am 70 years old - and running from Terminal B to Terminal D was a very long trek. Although the plane was still at the gate and the door from the gangway to the plane was still open they would not let us board. Our kids told airline personnel that we were standing at the gate - but there were no airline personnel at the gate - and they refused to let us board.  I saw numerous large golf carts hauling customers - and I don't know why they didn't have transport available to the 8 of us that needed to catch the next flight. They had to know there were numerous people needing to catch the flight to Rome, They could not get us on a later flight that day, but we eventually took a flight to Bologna thinking we could get a train to Rome. They offered us a meal voucher - which turned out to be good only at Burger King, Popeys, Szabos and a different fast food past place. The vouchers were good for a very small meal. There are some nice restaurants in the Istanbul airport - you'd think they would give you a voucher for a decent place to eat worth enough to purchase a decent meal! Overall a pretty bad experience!
  I have a booking with Turkish for a trip from Athens to New York through Istanbul in November 2022. They have rescheduled our flight 3 times. I do not know what is happening but the replacing times do not fit us and we have to change our plans all the time. The other airlines are now much more expensive than before so we cannot decide if we should request a refund or not. We chose Turkish to Emirates as we thought we compared 2 great airlines, but I don't think Emirates would have made us feel that insecure.
 The worst customer service of any airline and airport I have ever flown with. The airline staff were shouting at customers, not listening to anyone’s comments, and were completely uncaring of their duties. I have flown with multiple airlines and this was by far the worst customer service I have ever received in an airline. The manager of Turkish Airlines Transfer Desk would ignore people and he had the audacity to shout at me and at other customers. The two men present at the gate for my flight from Istanbul to Dubai (TK758 on the 26 of June) were extremely rude, and they loudly told me and another customer to “Shush”. More so, they displayed an antagonistic and racist attitude towards the other person who was flying. My first and last time with Turkish Airlines. Spend the extra money to travel with a proper airline.
  This trip was one from hell and Turkish Airlines has done nothing after the trip to try and make it right. Issues encountered, LAX - IST, 13 hour flight. Paid for WiFi which didn't work. Meal service was fish or pasta and they quickly ran out of pasta and didn't account for people not wanting/eating fish, so didn't get a meal. Turkish response: we are not responsible for the WiFi or the food onboard. IST - TLV, flight was full and my headrest was not on the seat and it was a metal holder bar where it should be. You can imagine this was very uncomfortable for my head. Turkish response: we'll give you a little miles but only for our miles program versus your United program. After a lot of back and forth I accepted but haven't gotten the miles as their apps and site are broken and it's impossible to open an account with them. Trip home, IST-LAX, luggage broken. Been a month since I submitted a claim and haven't heard anything. Have called multiple times to have this expedited, no response. The lack of care, compassion, or customer service is beyond me. Would not recommend.
  I had chosen my seat in advance so I would have a comfortable seat and leg room for the duration of my long flight. When I got to the airport to check in, they had screwed up my seat preference and assigned a regular seat for my first flight from Toronto to Istanbul. I was extremely upset, everyone boarded and they had me waiting, no one had any idea how or why my seat preference was changed. They knew I had paid extra but they didn’t know why it was changed. They told me some how they had me listed as wheelchairs accessible person, which I am not and perfectly capable of doing anything on my own. They couldn’t solve my problem and ended up taking a regular seat. Then in Istanbul again they had assigned my preferred seat to someone else due to overbooking. I was extremely upset and disappointed. Again I ended up leaving with a regular seat.  Not even once they apologized.
  No attention to detail from flight crew. Plane temp was rather warm. Flight crew almost completely absent during middle 8hrs of trip. Seat wouldn’t recline. 1 lavatory was inaccessible on 12 hour flight.
 London to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines are one of the worst companies out there in terms of customer service and customer satisfaction. Unless you fly business class or buy tickets from them. Do not expect any help whatsoever from them. When they change flight schedules or cancel your flight. They don't take any responsibility. They will throw you under the bus and leave you to deal with the hassles yourself. I used to think they are good but ever since the pandemic hit. They started slacking. Staff are rude on the phone, Lounges are terrible. Customer service is awful to say the least. I will never fly with them again.
  Worst experience ever. I flew with Turkish airlines from Berlin through Istanbul to Bangkok where I had another flight to Hanoi. My flight from Berlin and Istanbul were all delayed for an hour, but the flight from Bangkok to Hanoi did not change the schedule. So I missed that flight with another airline (from Bangkok to Hanoi), but Turkish Airlines did not take any responsibilities or arrange another flight from Bangkok to Hanoi for me. 
  Air crew service overall was fine just only an air stewardess a bit grumpy and judgmental, not happily help customer arrange cabin baggage. The diabetic meal option serves the same food which i don't mind, the food quality overall is good. The air ventilation is ok and the toilets are replenished with tissue papers. I think the economy class seats space are alright. The check in timings are quite on time, just long queue at Istanbul airport. Could have served mineral water more frequently for passengers.
  Turkish Airlines has a good quality of aircraft and inflight services. Unfortunately the online customer service is terrible. On 30th April 2022 I've been denied to board on my fly because, according to Turkish Airlines database, I couldn't fly to Doha without the pre-registration to the Qatar Covid website. As I carefully checked before flying the Qatar government updated the Covid regulations in March 2022 with new regulations for EU citizens fully vaccinated, whose don't need pre-registration to enter the Country anymore and even Turkish Airlines website was reporting the same guideline for Qatar at the time I flew. I waited 3 hours at the airport that the Turkish office opened for the next fly and I explained the whole situation to the receptionist on shift who immediately understood the situation. As he was reading the same guidelines on the system, which didn’t match the Qatar government website, he immediately sent a message to the DOP in Doha to get confirmation about whether the “pre-registration” was compulsory for EU citizens. Unfortunately, for me, the answer didn’t arrive until the next day, so I decided to leave the airport at 7:30 pm waiting to be contacted and see if I could fly on next day. The following morning at 9am I received a call from the ticketing office confirming that I could board the plane to Doha without “Pre-registration” and that there was an available flight on the same day (1st of May). I was right and I could fly, after spending the whole previous day at the airport because the airline mistake.  I've been trying to explain all this situation to the online customer service, asking compensation under EC Regulation 261/2004. It's now June and I'm still receiving silly replies from the customer service, showing me that they don't want to take any responsibility for the situation. When you consider to book a fly with this company, I recommend you to take in consideration that if something goes wrong you wouldn't receive any help or assistance from them.
  A nightmare for customer support/service. I needed to change my flight, but this cannot be done via the app nor via the website. When I called the customer support number, they could not book the flights that I saw online nor at the prices I saw online. I am currently abroad and attempting to make a change to my return flight and, as this simple act can't be done via the app nor via the website, and the "customer support" centers apparently don't accept Skype calls (well, the answer, let you make a selection, then promptly hang up on you), it is nearly impossible to make a change to a ticket. The customer service for Turkish Airlines is the worst I have ever encountered - not just for airlines, but for any industry I have ever needed customer service. I will never fly with this airline again and I would never recommend anyone fly with this airline. Turkish Airlines: please create an app whereby the customer can actually manage their booking. Please link your systems such that, when one is so fortunate to speak with an actual customer support person, they have access to the fares and flights listed on your website. Please stop being an obstacle to your customers and start trying to make your customers' lives a little easier. 
  My flight from Cyprus to Istanbul was delayed, the pilot blamed European air traffic control, which resulted in me missing my connection to Zurich.  Istanbul Airport is massive but is designed more for shopping and eating than flying. The amount of walking required is insane. After asking multiple people I finally found the Turkish Airlines help desk. They told me the next flight to Zurich was full so they booked me the following day. I also had to pay $30 to get a Turkish visa. Turkish Airlines then has you go to the hotel desk which required asking another 5 or 6 people for directions. Then you're sent to transportation which involved waiting 30+ minutes for a bus. They put us up in this older hotel on the outskirts of the city with nothing of interest to a tourist nearby. It was also not near any public transit options. My flight the next morning was at 8:05am and Turkish Airlines had the shuttle come pick us up at 4am. The driver was 35 minutes late picking us up. The experience was horrendous. I've flown Turkish several times in the past with no problems but would definitely avoid them now if it involves connecting in the new airport.
 Kuala Lumpur to Toronto via Istanbul. Me and my 2 year old toddler flew YOW-YYZ-IST-KUL on May/9/2022 and returned on May/31/2022 via KUL-IST-YUL-YOW. It was our first time flying with TK and it was a good experience, overall. One thing to note, both their website and app was absolutely useless for online check-in. On both flights, they did not note down my request for a child's meal and both times we couldn't complete online check-in, which resulted in us waiting in long queues to receive our boarding passes at the airports at YOW and KUL. Both outbound and inbound flights from Canada and Turkey were relatively full, which was expected with borders opening up all around the world. Our flight from YYZ to IST was delayed twice at the 11th hour due to the incoming flight from IST coming in late and this was not communicated clearly by the ground the staff as passengers had queued up twice, before being told of the delays. Our flights out of IST and KUL were both on-time, with boarding completed quite swiftly. Once we boarded the plane, this is where I find TK excels, both the B773 and A359 had really comfortable seats, new IFE systems, pretty delicious food, and very friendly and attentive crew, as they made sure my toddler was as comfortable as she can be for the flights. We were well fed, the seats were super comfortable and a whole assortment of videos and games were available to keep us entertained during our flights. Not too many airlines hand out menus, provide stainless steel cutlery, or an amenity kit in Economy anymore, but these guys still do! I would also recommend TK to traveling families as they were very attentive and approachable to me and my toddler, with any of our requests. On one of the flights, one of the stewards even assisted with carrying out our luggage to the door, as he noticed I was occupied with my toddler and had multiple carry-on luggage on myself. Only slight comment, was their lavatory garbages needed to be emptied more frequently and they sometimes didn't have enough milk boxes or certain type of meals for the passengers. The TK ground staff is where I feel they need to improve the most, if they want to compete with the likes of QR or EK. Both at IST and KUL their staff was nowhere to be seen after security screening as they made no announcements for priority boarding for traveling families and disabled passengers and announcements were never made to inform passengers that the planes were ready for boarding either. The TK ground staff at KUL showed no urgency to manage the long queues of people who were unable to complete online check-in and also did not seem interested in processing these passengers as quickly as possible. Ground staff for our IST-YUL flight was so clueless and unhelpful that passengers started arguing at the gate with them, as they were not managing priority boarding to families and disabled passengers correctly, which should be a normal process for full service airlines. Overall, we would still fly with them again because of their terrific in-flight product, even with their online check-in issues and unprofessional ground staff.
 The most abysmal flight experience I have ever had, other airlines have better economy service than Turkish business class. 1) They could not check me in to the flight I booked with them as it was a codeshare. 2) At midnight in Singapore it turned out my flight is overbooked, I am stuck for 7 hrs and no Turkish representation here. 3) I called the call centre 4 times, transferred me, hang up on me, made me fill out forms, but I did not get any real support (eg, accommodation, food etc). So I could only get in the Singapore Airlines lounge which was excellent, but not for sleeping. 4) On the flights stewards and stewardesses opened the locked toilet while I was using it, twice. I could go on as these were just the highlights, this is horrible for economy class, let alone for business.
 San Francisco to Tehran via Istanbul. I was a Turkish airline passenger round trip. When I went I was eligible 3 luggage and when I went back to my home town I called the agent where I bought the ticket I was told yes you can have 3 luggage and then I called Turkish airline they said yes you had 3 luggage before that is why you can have 3 again. When I wanted to check in Turkish airline charged me $240 for the 3rd one. It was very annoying because to my next seat who was a lady said I had 3 luggage it was really ridiculous. I complain and sent feedback but they didn't refund to me. I didn't have that much in the airport this experience was really so bad and was like a nightmare.
  Ankara to Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. Checked in at the business lounge entrance. I was helped by an agent who did not seem all that interested in her job and simply made a comment that my carry-on might be too heavy but offered no suggestions. Boarding was delayed due to late arrival of inbound aircraft. Once on board, it took another 45 minutes to depart bringing the the total delay to 70 minutes. Little to no explanation was provided by the crew. The hard product was a welcome change from the other business class configurations with seats offering more privacy and all with direct aisle access. Catering was efficient and exceptional for a short flight with a hot breakfast and multiple beverage options. FA’s were friendly and attentive. Flight landed late and it took forever to get to the gate and upon arrival we discovered we had to be bussed despite the aircraft being parked in front of an air bridge. Disembarking passengers were not offered much direction on which bus to get on. The bus ride took another 10 minutes and by this time the connecting passengers were scrambling for their flights. TK should be ashamed for forcing their customers to take a bus when the aircraft is sitting 10 feet away from an air bridge. Whilst the airport looks impressive, TK needs to get more efficient in the way they move their passengers. Overall a decent experience on board but an abysmal one on the ground.
  Fly with Turkish Airlines at your own risk. If there are problems that arise at any point during your experience with Turkish Airlines, please note that their level of customer service is amongst the worst in the world. Why? Issues are dealt with very slowly, any refunds can take more than four weeks to arrive, telephone representatives do not take responsibility for cases and will misinform and misadvise (possibly through a lack of training), there is nowhere to complain to a human being, all issues must be raised using a feedback form on the Turkish Airlines website which puts the ball in their court and leaves the customer with zero control of a situation, if Turkish Airlines see a case as closed then they will email you to inform you and then request you to raise a new feedback form in order to respond, and I could go on. Quite simply, shambolic customer service, however it is possible that you won't require any, so roll the dice if you so wish.
 Istanbul to Manila. I took this airline for my trip to Europe. My trip from Istanbul to Manila was horrible. I'm in business class so I expect a little more. I fell asleep after take off and missed my meal and when I woke up I asked FA if I can have it and he said ok but its not gonna be hot and I said as long as its warm. The food he gave me was in a paper and it looks like it came from a trash bin. I also noticed from this long haul flight, after they serve meals NO FA in the cabin, you need to call them, nobody is checking on passengers or offering water or drinks. They are lazy. Before landing the FA asked me how's my flight and I said its not good and they said “must be the food - huh?” I complained and got a canned reply.
 Antalya to Birmingham.  I was on vacation in Antalya, Turkey with my family of 5 and my return journey would be with Turkish Airlines from Antalya to Birmingham, UK. I went to check in online just after the 24 hour window was opened. I entered all the relevant info and managed to check in all my party, myself, my wife, my younger son 13 who has Downs Syndrome and was marked for special assistance, my elder son 17 and his friend, also 17 years old. I received the relevant confirmation in an email stating clearly that my party of 5 were all checked in and were allocated seats A to E in row 23, flight TK4330. I went to print off the boarding passes and was only able to print off mine and my elder sons but on clicking the other members of my group a message was displayed stating that boarding passes were unavailable right now but they would be available to collect at the Turkish Airlines check in desk. I tried from my laptop, my ipad using the Turkish Airlines App and my son's friends android phone again using the app. Each time I was prompted with the same message stating that each of the 3 other boarding passes would be available at the check in counter. As an IT Systems professional, this did not trigger any alarm bells, no error message was displayed and the message was very concise and clear. I also had the email confirmation. The following day when I arrived at the check in counter I was told abruptly that only myself and my elder son could board the flight and the other 3 members of my party, my wife, my sons friend and my 13 year old would have to go to the sales desk to purchase new tickets for the flight the following day. As a seasoned traveller this was the most difficult situation I had ever encountered. I politely told the Turkish Airline staff at the desk that there was no chance of that happening. I explained to them very concisely what had happened and they still very unhelpful. I showed them the email confirmation and pointed out where it clearly stated that each passenger was check in and allocated a seat. They still weren't having any of it even though I pointed out that we had special assistance for my child who was now becoming very uncomfortable and visibly upset. I told them there was no way I was going to leave my wife, child and my sons friend and asked to speak to their supervisor. It was at this point they made a few phone calls and magically found 3 seats on the packed plane. On printing the boarding passes and handing them over the staff were visibly shamed and would not make any eye contact. We later learnt that Turkish Airlines had sold our missing 3 tickets to UK travellers (at a very handsome profit) who had missed their Gatwick flight. Does it get any more disgraceful than this. A modern day International Airline screwing over mothers with disabled children for a quick profit. An absolute disgraceful turn of events, I just hope this was a one off but having read similar stories I'll be avoiding Turkish Airlines like the plague.
 Dhaka to New York via Istanbul. The customer service was good. However, when flying out of Dhaka, the aircraft had an internal temperature of almost 35 Celsius. When passengers started to complain, one attendant said that the ac would start when the engine starts to run. 
 Turkish Airlines cancelled the leg IST to MBA on my YYZ to MBA flight via IST. They had not flown this route IST to MBA since Mar 2021 and yet in Mar 2022 they sold this flight and eventually cancelled it without providing a reroute. The only option was a refund. However, the flights were now $1.1K more expensive per person and we were four so the cost was $4.4K more expensive for us to fly to our destination and back. We ended up cancelling and taking a refund. This was devastating because we had saved for this trip and had booked so many local destinations and all the money for those local excursions was wasted but it was easier to lose already paid money than to pay an additional $4.4K for new tickets. Turkish Airlines is terrible for having done that and in fact we found out that they had been doing this since Christmas of 2021 i.e. selling tickets for the route IST to MBA and then cancelling it without consequence i.e. only a refund.
  I traveled with Turkish Airlines yesterday with my two sons one of which was 18 months, we were on seat 49d and I'm sorry for the mess we made but I just wanted to say the personnel was perfect and very professional. We will be looking to fly with them again, I would definitely recommend them. 
  They seem to don't understand what it does mean: people with disability. It began with the call center. They offer me the wheelchair check-in for free.  I have to sit on window because in case of evacuation nobody will be disturbed from me.  I am switching to other airlines with sense for humanity.
  Very roomy and comfortable business class cabin. Excellent food. All the amenities. Friendly service. One of the best business class experiences. Good movie selection.
 Kuala Lumpur to Manchester via Istanbul. I had 8 cancellations due to covid. Bad call centre service. No one informed if the flight cancelled. Got different answer from call centre and nothing can be solved. I flew back with another airline. Now when I claimed my unused ticket, I made more than 20 calls and they still can’t solve it. Some said my ticket was expired some said my ticket was available. I don’t know why they want us to call them if they can’t train their call centre.
  Was excited to finally flying with B787-9 basically because the seats are nice 1-2-1. Delayed about 35 minutes. Checkin was smooth at Denpasar. The flight from Bali was the worst I have ever been in, because of a small kid (sharing seat with parent) in the Business Class was crying out and loud during almost the whole flight. The cabin crew were nice, rather straight-forward kind of service, there was no sincerity. The food has always been one of the best in the sky, in terms of presentation and taste. Istanbul Airport is huge. I have flown TK several times now, couldn't help but noticed that their ground staff are always unfriendly. Never had a nice encounter with them. Felt like they are there just doing their jobs, get paid and live on. From this moment on, will fly TK again only because of the price.
  The Bangkok to Istanbul flight was good however the aircraft type and the cabin crew let down the overall experience. However a brand new aircraft from Istanbul to Manchester was very comfortable, but what made this flight outstanding was the cabin manager Tuba, and her staff who were very professional and friendly. Personally I would like to pass on my thanks to them.
  We bought a round flight for my 84 year old mother in January. She would fly back on 1st of June at 00:05am. Quite by chance we found that her flight was changed to today on June 30th at 23:50. They did not inform us about the change. We lost her seat number we purchased, as well and we can't purchase another seat because it's less than 24 hrs before the flight. NY office does not respond due to high call volume. Istanbul office claims we should have made the change on line. They cannot see the record of that change, though. We still have the printed record in our hand. They say they could book for June 1st for additional charge. 
  I made a flight booking for a family of 7, costing more than £3400. A couple of days later they cancelled the return flight, sent me a message, asked me to login and change it. Online change was not possible, system did not allowed. I had to call their call center in Istanbul. Staff very poorly trained. One made some changes for me, but sent me wrong and incomplete emails, something was clearly wrong. Had to call again. Second adviser said the first adviser was wrong and you had to cancel the whole booking. They kept me on the phone for 40 mins. You had to stay on the phone. Cancellation was done, again not properly, only partial cancellation, they could not cancel the whole lot, don't ask why. I told them that their own prices now are about £600 more expensive, they don't care, they said if you want to book you have to pay (while my money is still stuck with them, remaining credit card balance not enough for a second booking ). While money was taken in 2 lots, it is coming back in more than 50 separate transactions, very confusing, some transactions are £3 others over £400. Very bad service. I had to go into their office in Manchester airport, wasting about one and half hours, also paying airport charges for car park, to try confirm and correct the cancellation. It took about 7 to 10 days for money to come back after that, still missing small amount. It was very stressful and bad experience, wasted a lot of time also a lot of money, the new booking is about £800 more expensive than the original which Turkish airline cancelled. 
  Istanbul Airport is a huge, unfriendly monstrosity. Check-in desks for the Athens flight were busy. The line for economy class was getting longer, business class check-in was empty yet the agent refused to accept anyone from the economy line. Checked in eventually by charmless staff. Very rude staff at passport control. Boarding was the usual pushing and shoving. A321 Neo not so clean inside. Met by disinterested crew upon boarding.  Uneventful flight. Arrived early. Not recommended, not worth the hype.
 First time flying business class on a long-haul flight and if you can afford it that's the way to go. The boarding process at ORD was a little chaotic as it appeared passengers ignored the pre-boarding request for business class only. Turkish Airlines business class product is exemplary. The seating is the old configuration of open side by side seats which don't offer much privacy if you're seated next to a stranger. The service was excellent with a personal chef taking dinner orders. This was followed by a beverage service (juices/lemonade) and warm mixed nuts prior to pushback. Hot towel service provided before dinner with a table cloth laid out on the tray. Dinner consisted of smoked salmon courgette, steak and arugula salad and fresh fruit. After dinner, an amenity kit was provided with a turndown service (individually packaged comforters) converting seats into a fully lie flat bed. I was able to turn to the side and sleep comfortably. The remote worked flawlessly. The TV screen is a large 17" display. The Denon headsets provided good noise cancellation and sound. Prior to landing in IST, breakfast service (fresh fruit plate w/cheese, yogurt/honey, assorted breads and french toast with strawberry compote). The cabin crew were exemplary with their attention and service. Very impressed with Turkish's Business Class product.
 Separate check in for Business Class passengers was very welcome. Spent no more than 15 minutes going through baggage screen, ID/passport screening and Checking bags. The B787-9 seats offer more privacy than the B777-300ER. There is a privacy screen between two seats together and the aisle side of the seat also has a curved screen. The seats are very comfortable and slightly narrower than the B777-300, however, there is plenty of leg room. I was able lie down fully flat. Dining is par excellence. The seafood appetizer (salmon, shrimp and tuna) with a garden salad was amazing. For the entree, salmon w/spinach watercress and mousseline chateau potatoes in pesto sauce was superb. For dessert, mango nougat mousse and chai. As with the service on B777-300, an onboard chef took our orders. Service from the cabin crew was exemplary. The inflight entertainment options were very good with live news channels, music, movie and tv show channels. WiFi was excellent. All you had to do is log into Turk Telecom with your last name and seat number on the boarding pass and you're connected. Between the B777-300 and B787-9 business class offerings, I prefer the latter because it offers more privacy. Service is the same on both types of aircraft.
 Probably one of the most unreliable and anxious inducing airlines I have ever had the displeasure of flying on! My hell started at Johannesburg airport where I had to wait 3.5 hours in a queue to simply check-in! While standing in that queue, my flight details were changed 3 times! I was still in the check in queue and was supposed to be on the flight already! I completely missed the one little experience of the airport lounge that I look forward to thanks to this airline! I have still been unable to check in online. I'm currently at the check in in Hamburg on my way back home and after dealing with an incredibly rude staff member at the check in desk, only to tell me yet again that I must wait because check in for my flight is at 15.35! Online it states my flight details have changed again and that I can't check in?! Do not fly with this company, you are not the priority and complaints get shrugged at!
  On 4/11/2022 I arrived at LAX @10:45AM for flight #180 LAX to Istanbul scheduled for a 1:45PM departure. Our original 1:15PM boarding time passed w/o any communication from the gate attendants. We were given numerous boarding times until we were told hours later that the flight was canceled due to a mechanical issue. We returned to the ticket counters to rebook. There was not enough staff; same people who originally/secondly checked us in, were at the gate and also checking in the next flight. The chaos/disorganization among the way the whole ordeal was handled was SO unprofessional . Passengers were instructed several times to move to different lines causing people to lose their places in line; causing more frustration. Since the flight did not show up online or on the app as canceled but rather delayed, we were not able to rebook on our own, even though we had been told it was canceled. The next step we were told to follow was to leave our places in line and go to the baggage claim and bring our luggage back to the check-in counter. The explanation for this was that when we get rebooked, the staff would be able to quickly tag our luggage. Once again, the lines were jumbled and people were angry. The passengers that were in the front of the line lost their places, and many were now in the back. Two areas were made for passengers wanting to cancel their flight and ones who wanted to rebook. We stood for hours.  People who ordered business class felt entitled to cut the line and did so with impunity. We returned the following morning at 7am and no attendants showed up for an hour. Next flight was to depart at 1:45 PM. Crew finally showed up at 2:25 PM. At 2:45 PM a bus to took us to the aircraft, and at long last, at 3:34 PM the plane started moving. At 3:43 PM the crew informed the passengers that we were returning to the gate due to Mechanical Issues. By 5:10 PM, back in the terminal, two staff members were at least being polite and helpful, they were the manager, nd another individual named. They succeeded in getting me on a flight that evening that left at 7:27 PM. It was the worst travel experience I have ever had and that was before the nightmare regarding the return trip took place.
  Hardly a smile, child meal was an adult meal. Got to Antalya and my baggage missing, 2 days now tell me Manchester not sent it before being told if we receive it tonight, not sure when we can bring it to hotel only have one driver. I am stuck in Antalya with nothing, no toiletry nothing, still no baggage.
  Had booked a return flight to Turkey for holidays via Turkish Airlines. It was a ~11hrs journey, hence decided to pay extra to get extra legroom seats for both flights. The selection was made based on the online layout provided by the airline during booking. Based on the given layout (attached), I selected seat 24D. It looked like one with extra legroom because there was a gap for emergency exits between Rows 23 and 24. However, the actual layout differed. Seats 23D, E, F were right in front of 24D, E, F, and there was no extra legroom. Tried to highlight the issue to the flight attendant but was told that I am seated in the seat I had reserved. Communication in English was difficult, so I gave up. Tried to highlight the issue via online feedback to request a refund of the SIN-IST flight and change my return flight to a proper extra legroom seat but was unsuccessful. In two subsequent online feedbacks, tried to get their acknowledgment that their online layout was misleading and issue a seat selection refund for SIN-IST, but they refused to answer the formal and just reply to the latter with the similar answers that they provided me with the seat I reserved, so a refund was not possible. The same happened on my return flight. It was just impossible to get my message across to the ground staff and the flight attendants. The customer service was so uncaring and repeatedly refused to acknowledge the fact that they provided misleading info. Communication in English was difficult with the flight and ground staff. Subpar service airline.
  Flew Turkish Airlines to Mauritius and return to Birmingham. Excellent service throughout the four flights. Cabin crew attentive and food was excellent as ever. You will not go hungry on Turkish airlines!
  I had booked two seats on the front of the plane in economy. However, two rude customers refused to move from those seats. Even though they had been paid for and despite Turkish Airlines cabin crew failures to remove those passengers seating in our seats. Instead we had to sit at the back of the plane, whilst our seats stolen and occupied by others. Breakfast on Turkish Airlines is by far the worst.
  I was unable to check-in online because my ticket was issued by its partner airline. This was a bit disappointing. Luckily the check-in queue was manageable. Cabin crew were not very patient and attentive to passengers' questions and requests. The economy breakfast was exactly the same as my two flights a week ago. 
  Turkish Airlines only opened 4 counters (2 business 2 economy at start, later opened 1 extra for economy). This was unbelievable for a fully booked flight with around 350 passengers. Turkish Airlines did not enable anything that could expedite the process like mobile boarding pass or check-in kiosks for flights from SIN. The check-in took around 1 hour for me and the queue was much longer for passengers came afterwards. Cabin crew were generally indifferent and inattentive to passengers' requests, except one or two that still tried to answer each passenger in a professional manner. Entertainment with a good selection and wide variety of movies, but in a 10+ yr old Boeing 777 the touch screen is not very precisely responsive to my press. Meal menus were repetitive for my connecting flights, which means you expect to have the exactly same meal twice within a few hours. For a long haul flight the mid-flight snack was just one single type of biscuit and it was put at the rear galley only. Drinks were not displayed openly and I had to actively request from cabin crew.
  It appears that the accountants have been in - quality seems to be slipping. Gone are the small things such as honey and Turkish clotted cream to be replaced by a blob of jam and knob of butter. The cooked turkey platter as starters has been replaced by sliced tomatoes. The food served in business class is of the same quality as that served in economy by the gulf carriers. The transit hotel was 48 km from the airport and I had to get up at 3am (pickup 4am) for a flight that departed at 7:40am. I was sat in the grim airport lounge three hours before my flight and the only hot food was toast - the alternative to the toast was pre-packaged carbs that were utterly tasteless. The IFE is extremely limited and I didn't even bother unpackaging the headphones.
 We take multiple long-haul trips every year with Turkish Airlines flying in Business Class. Reliable, good service, flights generally on-time, catering consistently good if not exquisite (our preference over Qatar Airways and ANA for food - Flying Chefs and menus definitely Turkish's calling card), flight attendants generally warm and solicitous and downright playful especially if you lead with a smile. Highly recommended.
  I booked a flight with Turkish Airlines and accidentally put my married name on the ticket instead of my maiden name which is on her passport. Well immediately after booking this flight I called up and alerted the staff of the error assuming it would be a quick five second fix in their computer to change the name. However they proceeded to tell me that I would have to go onto their website and send an email to customer service. The whole procedure sounded long and arduous and after several phone calls and emails later we finally got the answer that they wanted me to pay hundreds of dollars to make this change!  Agents are uncaring and rude. Do yourself a favor and pick an airline that cares about its customers.
  On 29 May 2022 I had flight (TK873) from Teheran to Istanbul at 5,15AM and then a connection (TK1861) from Istanbul to Rome. I had to arrive in Rome at 10AM. The flight from Teheran to istanbul delayed by more than one hour, thus I lost the connection to Rome. Nobody was waiting for me at Istanbul airport nor helped me at least to try to get the flight to Rome. Moreover, I went to the Business Transfer Desk of Turkish Airline and a very rude person told me that the only possibility was to fly the morning after to Rome, because all the flights of the same day to Rome were full. Then, I shown my disappointment and the person of the Transfer desk was also more rude. At the end, he found for me a flight from Istanbul to Munich and then to Rome. So I arrived to Rome at 6,25PM instead of 10AM, after several flights. Then, I complained with the person of the Transfer Desk and he answered that when I asked the first time he only checked whether there was available seats in business class and not in economy. However, after half an hour the seats was any more available. After few days I wrote a negative feedback directly to Turkish Airline and they answered that they were sorry. 
 Tbilisi to Bahrain via Istanbul. The staff need more training. They don't know how to calm down stressed out passengers. Really disappointed. All good with the flights the cabin staff. But the staff just ruined the whole image.
 Bucharest to Newark via Istanbul. Let me begin by saying that I have flown TK Airlines since 2004 but this was definitely my last time flying them. In 2019 my father got severely ill and I have booked a same day flight from JFK to OTP via IST. The first flight to IST was 3 hours delayed and we got late for the second flight. We were 5 people on the same flight going to the connection. Even though plane was still at the gate we were denied boarding. I begged them to let us thru that I had an emergency but we were booked on a flight 7 hours later. Needless to say my dad passed away 3 hours before my arrival without the possibility of saying our goodbyes. Now back to my May 2, 2022 flight it was a horrible experience. I have booked my ticket 3 months in advance to be able to get seat 2A. As soon as I boarded the plane and settled in my seat, seat 2B passenger came and asked me to switch with his female companion who had 5A because they were just upgraded and had no seats together. I told him I rather not as the seat is located next to pantry closet, galley and toilets but he quickly went to a flight attendant and spoke Turkish and in less than a minute I was ordered not asked to change my seat to accommodate. Once I was obligated to move to 5A I realized that nobody was seated on 5B cause boarding was complete. I asked why was I moved when they could have both seat on 5A and B and I was bluntly responded that they preferred row 2. Are you kidding me I paid several thousand dollars for the ticket to be taken my seat away. Then once in the air I have tried to recline my chair which to my surprise was not working. I called a flight attendant and after a few unsuccessful tries of her own told me I should have told her the chair wasn’t working while we were on the ground to have the ground crew fix it. Who reclines their chair before take off? Or was it my fault that their chairs were broken. She told me that I could sleep in 5B and walked away. A while later the passenger in front of me 4A discovered that his seat was broken as well and guess what to our amazement he was offered to sleep in no other than 5B. He declined saying that if he sleeps there were would I sleep. When service started the attendant bringing the drinks came up to row 4A and B than turned around and went to the E,F side of the plane skipped me as I wasn’t there. When food was brought out I asked for drinks as I was skipped and she told me to give her couple of minutes cause she is busy. Toilets were very dirty you can see they weren’t clean properly. All in all worst experience in any businesses/first class airline I have ever flew on. I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt many times. Being married with a Turkish guy and knowing Turkish hospitality this airline doesn’t represent their country well. Concluding this I will never fly Turkish Airlines again.
  I have flown TK Airlines since 2004 but this was definitely my last time flying them. It was a horrible experience. I booked my ticket 3 months in advance to be able to get seat 2A. As soon as I boarded the plane and settled in my seat, seat 2B passenger came and asked me to switch with his female companion who had 5A because they were just upgraded and had no seats together. I told him I rather not as the seat is located next to pantry closet, galley and toilets but he quickly went to a flight attendant and spoke Turkish and in less than a minute I was ordered, not asked, to change my seat to accommodate. Once I was obligated to move to 5A I realized that nobody was seated on 5B cause boarding was complete. I asked why was I moved when they could have both seat on 5A and B and I was bluntly responded that they preferred row 2 . Are you kidding me I paid several thousand dollars for the ticket to be taken my seat away. Then once in the air I have tried to recline my chair which to my surprise was not working. I called a flight attendant and after a few unsuccessful tries of her own told me I should have told her the chair wasn’t working while we were on the ground to have the ground crew fix it . Who reclines their chair before take off? Or was it my fault that their chairs were broken. She told me that I could sleep in 5B and walked away. A while later the passenger in front of me 4A discovered that his seat was broken as well and guess what to our amazement he was offered to sleep in no other than 5B. He declined saying that if he sleeps there where would I sleep. When service started the attendant bringing the drinks came up to row 4A and B than turned around and went to the E,F side of the plane skipped me as I wasn’t there. When food was brought out I asked for drinks as I was skipped and she told me to give her couple of minutes cause she is busy. Toilets were very dirty, you can see they weren’t clean properly. All in all worst experience in any businesses/ first class airline I have ever flew on. I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt many times. Being married with a Turkish guy and knowing Turkish hospitality this airline doesn’t represent their country well. Concluding this I will never fly Turkish Airlines again.
  The inflight experience was ok, however the flight was 4 hours late for the connection and customer service offered no apology explanation or suggestion for somewhere comfortable since with the addition of 4 hours it would mean around 7 hours during the middle of the night to spend in transit. Request for payment of the penalty as stipulated by European legislation has been ignored despite an email chain going on several months. Overall a negative experience and will not fly them again
 I am 84 years female with hearing impaired and limited mobility. I boarded from India. After landing at Istanbul I was not provided a wheelchair from the airlines gate. Was made to walk without much assistance. After a long wait, I was put on a cart along with other senior passengers. There after we were made to change to wheelchair and again on another cart and finally after 2 hours I reached my gate D 3 to board flight to Chicago. I am wondering whether the lapse in the assistance was from Turkish Airlines or Istanbul airport authority but I faced lots of hardship and a bad experience. Hopefully I may not have such bad experience on my return flight on 11 August 2022, from Newark to India via Istanbul.
 The hard product is great. But the cabin crew doesn't bother much. Even gives you a bad feeling when you ask for a drink after dinner service. Very hostile environment for a 2.700 USD one way ticket. Food is also nothing compared to what it used to be. The cheese plate consists of 2 pieces of cucumber and two slices of carrots and 2 small cuts of tasteless cheese.
  I came four hours earlier and I stayed in the airport until the right gate came up and I went to it, However me and my family went to grab a coffee and when we came back we saw that they  just change the gate without notifying the passengers or send us any text messages or calls or make an announcement in the airport. When I went to the new gate I found out it was the last call and the plane was still there didn’t move, The Turkish airline employee was very rude  and never allowed us in the plane, he told us that we have to buy a new ticket. He made us buy a new tickets and charged us €1130 for something that is not our fault and we stayed in the airport for 12 hours because we had to wait for the new flight, I am very upset and disappointed. When I tried to reach the customer services I found out they reply to you after seven working days.
  Athens to Istanbul. The usual indifference begins at the check-in desk. No real interaction with passengers. Great selection of Duty-free shops and eateries in the terminal. Boarding conducted in an organised manner for once. Met by disinterested crew upon boarding, could have tried harder to welcome passengers. Big Boeing 777-300, interior appeared clean, was less than a quarter full. Could have easily fitted us all on an Airbus A321 but I think Turkish Airlines operate the B777 to Athens to make a point. On time departure, beautiful views of the Greek coastline upon take off. Water and snack served by crew who clearly couldn't be bothered. Short flight, just 50 minutes but it seemed that we were a bit of an inconvenience to the crew. The level of English spoken by all the crew is very poor. Even announcements from the flight deck are difficult to understand. Landed on time to the mayhem that is Istanbul Airport. Not a pleasant experience and don't recommend.
 Manchester to Istanbul via Bangkok. Flew from Manchester to Bangkok via Istanbul the first flight from Manchester to Istanbul was in economy and whilst I was upset at not being upgraded as I believe I should have nevertheless it was a great experience. The cabin crew were lovely, the food was very good and the cabin comfort was good. The second flight from Istanbul to Bangkok which was upgraded to business class was outstanding. The cabin crew were friendly and they worked very hard due to a full cabin. But it's the food which was outstanding, plentiful and very tasty. My only negative comment about this flight relates to the out of date seating layout of a 2-2-2 configuration. I much prefer a 1-2-1 layout. Other than than I was delighted with my flights. Very highly recommended
  I have been flying for last 20 years - never had such bad customer service experience. The representatives at Istanbul are rude, mis-informed and have no clue of the process. My Kuwait flight from Delhi was delayed that led to change in the complete itinerary. Since complete journey was booked through Turkish, I was hoping to get some help from Turkish Airlines. The staff refused to acknowledge that my situation was due to delayed flight. Instead of helping me, they started questioning me on why I did not take another flight from Kuwait to Istanbul. The lady at customer service refused to listen and was referring to mail sent few weeks back - which mentioned about 5 minutes change in schedule. I tried to reason that situation was due to delayed flight that no one would know 3 weeks ahead, but she refused to listen. Another representative questioned me on why I did not take other flight from Kuwait - even after explaining that it was Turkish ticket and we took 1st flight that was offered. There was no Turkish desk at Kuwait. Communication is another big issue. The attitude of representatives were to push customers to any direction without giving them proper information. Worst ever experience!
  I fly Turkish Airlines because it is the only direct flight from Boston to Istanbul. Unfortunately every time I book a ticket there is either a problem with the ticketing, or service or luggage. This time, I tried to rebook our family trip with the tickets we did not use from Xmas. Since we have a baby under 2 and she needs her own seat, we can not book online. The system does not allow this. So we have to call the customer service. I had to call them 23 times (no joke) because a couple of times their system crashed after waiting 10-30 mins on the phone. Other times because the system is so slow, it took me 40 minutes to get an answer. And at the end nobody could explain to me why there was such a huge difference in the ticket prices that I have to pay on top. They were giving me the break down of the price: how much I pay for taxes, base fare etc.. and it did not add up to the difference and they could not explain why. I wrote a feedback to ask for it, after 5 emails, there was still no answer. Now despite this ridiculousness, I still continue my booking because I do not want to lose the original tickets. And now I have talked to 6 different call center agents who are telling me I cannot fly because I am requesting a seat for my 1 year old. Only good thing is the food... but who really cares after all this.
  This has been the worst travel experience ever. It started with the call center confirming our seats the day before travel from the first section of the plane to the end of plane upon check in. We were told boarding was delayed for hours until they finally canceled the flight Los Angeles to Istanbul. We were told to go to the ticket counter for assistance. Needless to say herds of us headed that way only to encounter chaos. No one from Turkish airlines had a contingency plan or a way to establish order. The flight that was checking in was stopped as all employees vanished for a long time. The call center was of no help since they just said the flight is delayed when i am looking at the ticket counter and see the flight canceled info. We were told by an employee to form a line in one stop to be changed to another spot 20 minutes later. Then to be told to go collect baggage and return in order to be attended. Meanwhile there were other travelers who stayed and demanded help which they received (they were traveling to Tel Aviv). My husband and I went to collect baggage and came back to ticket counter. With the same story of form a line here and then there and then moving it yet again, all the meanwhile this group was being assisted the whole time while no one else had this treatment. We finally got tickets for the next flight to Istanbul. We were separated by half a plane for the 13 hour flight. While getting settled in I noticed the same group of people being very demanding to the flight attendants causing them to be unavailable for other passengers due to all their demands. The most turbulence ever on a flight. Upon arrival to Istanbul we encounter 2 flights held awaiting passengers from our flight however ours was not held (which was scheduled to leave even later than the Tel Aviv flight and Barcelona) Our connecting flight was for Belgrade. We were given the biggest runaround through the airport to try and get assistance for next flight to Belgrade and hotel accommodations. After hours we arrive at a hotel in downtown area where now it was midnight and nothing was open. Stranded without food, toiletries and clean clothes. We were picked up 3.5  hours later and dropped off at the airport. No one could help me from Turkish airlines in the Turkish airport!  Arriving to Serbia I called the call center from Serbia to be told my ticket numbers have changed and that is why can’t access my flights on the app or website any longer. Even with the new numbers still have the same problem. I could not select return flight seats over the phone or online. I was told i had to go to the main office in Belgrade. My husband is 6’6” and needs extra leg room. Not an option. I sent emails to complain about situation and try to receive help to only be told “we are sorry for inconveniences”. Needless to say I am in Belgrade to try and receive help at their office. Worse service ever! “Due to covid” no one in office can do anything other than ticket purchases. I am dreading the flights back home. I will encourage any and all people thinking about traveling with Turkish airlines to reconsider. It might be more money up front but it will be better in the long run. This has been a cloud over our whole trip. Not worth the lack of piece of mind and hassle.
  I was denied flight back to Canada from Istanbul. I was stranded in the airport with no one helping me. I had to wait for the next flight which was 2 days later. This caused me extreme anxiety, stress and unnecessary extra costs to my trip. I believe Turkish Airlines should compensate me for time, money loss and for pain & suffering. They have very poor customer service online and on the phone. As well their customer service agents in the airport are very rude, and abrupt. They made derogatory comments to me in Turkish the customer service agents definitely do not help their customers. I made a complaint to the company and I’m still waiting for a response. Upon my arrival in Istanbul airport on Monday February 14th I immediately called Turkish Airlines for reservation for my cat. I was told (though the representative asked me of the breed and the size of my pet I provided) that the cabin had reached its capacity limit and that the only option I had was to put my cat in the holding cargo. The representative even told me that I must have a hard carrier for my cat since she’s going to be put in the cargo. She then reserved a spot for my cat and told me that I’d receive an email confirmation for the requests. I received two emails. First email was for the cabin and it was not confirmed due to full capacity but second email was confirmed for cargo. The representative did not tell me that my cat was not allowed in the cargo and went ahead with the reservation. Based on the confirmation I received from Turkish Airlines I proceeded with my flight as usual on February 16th. I was held for the entire duration of the check out at Turkish airport with many different excuses from several different agents and scenarios and no clear explanation why I couldn’t fly at that time. The first reason was that my cat couldn’t be in the cargo area because there was a large dog and then the other reason was that I didn’t have sufficient documents and then they said that Because of my cat’s breed (exotic shorthair) I hadn’t reserved for my cat far in advance. I was extremely stressed out and the frustration was unbearable and above all my cat was in a lot of distress and hunger and thirst and no where litter box for her toilet. The Turkish Airlines staff were extremely unprofessional, unhelpful, and rude with me. They all refused to provide me with their name.  I experienced the worst customer service from a big company that I once thought they were a decent airline to fly with. This whole issue started all internally within the airline and no one wanted to help out. I was told by customer relations to wait in the airport until management team calls me to provide me with hotel, transportation, and my next flight for free of charge because this was the airline error and not mine. I was in the airport all day and night and no one called me. My issue has not been resolved by Turkish Airlines.
  During boarding in Venice, Business Class passengers were invited to board, followed by economy class depending on seat number. I'm a Star Alliance Gold member and therefore - according to Turkish Airlines - allowed priority boarding. I was denied by the gate agent. I queried this with the supervisor, who insisted that this privilege was not offered. The flight was fine - reasonably new plane, service was good, and the meal was decent. A better job of cleaning was needed: I found two used masks in the seat pocket. Flight got bumpy as we neared Istanbul - we ended up circling for nearly 40 minutes, but there was never an explanation from the flight deck as to what was going on; it was a bit disconcerting following our progress but not knowing why we were not landing. Overall, Turkish Airlines was as average as always.
  The Flight Attendants in business class were courteous, helpful, and professional. They made sure I was comfortable. In addition, the chef prepared delectable meals and a variety of beverages were available. My overall experience was excellent.
  My flight time and durations were changed by Turkish Airlines and I requested to reschedule my flight on 18th of April as I was not comfortable with the changes. I have been calling Turkish Airlines 10 times now in 16 days but still there is no any action and my flight is in 3 days. Every time I call, the customer service tells my case is in High Priority and Urgent email has been sent and I would get the response asap. I am not getting what does the Word urgent mean to Turkish Airlines. It’s been 7 days, I have been hearing that my request is made urgent and I will get the response asap. I had another call today ie. The 10th call and I’m hearing the same answer — ‘my request is made urgent and I would get the response with in 48 hours’. But my flight would be in 72 hours, how would I prepare for the international flight if you give me the response in last minute. Also its a covid situation, there are many things to be done before onboarding. This is most irresponsible and most frustrating situation, and this was not expected from a company like Turkish Airlines. Thank you Turkish Airlines for wasting my time and thank you for thinking that our time has no value.
  Starting with Check-In which took 2 hours or more and rude ground staff, up to my destination, this was a nightmare! Cramped seats, horrible food and disinterested flight crew, I really wonder how they are still in business. Hope I have more options in the future so I do not have to choose this lousy service ever again!
  I booked with Turkish Airlines through an agent on April 9,2022. Today on April 10th 2022 I was trying to choose seats online to prevent hassle at the airport since I am traveling alone with my three little ones. I chose the seat for one of my child it showed me 5.77 so I decided to pay that price and reserve the seat. When I was about to choose a seat for my second child I received a notification from my bank for 380.14 US dollars. I was shocked and frustrated so call the airline right at the moment without wasting a moment but unfortunately it wasn’t helpful at all. I asked the guy over the phone if I can just cancel seat selection since I was not charged what I was told. He said no because of our policy. My question here is why I was shown a different price and charged for a very different price? I have 2 other kids flying with me and I can’t afford to pay for everybody to have them sit together since I won’t feel comfortable sitting away from my little one. This is my first and last time ever flying with Turkish airlines. I’m going to open a dispute for that transaction through my bank..
 Dublin to Dubai via Istanbul. Travelled economy, no hassle with either flight. It was great to be able to travel again. The only issue was with a tight connection coming and going, we left Dublin 30 minutes late so had to run a half marathon to get to the gate for our flight to Dubai. On the return leg, we had more time but had to go through security screening again so had to leg it again. It would have been nice to have had a chance to have a coffee. Istanbul Airport is big, in fact so big that getting around it a challenge for the able, must be a struggle for anyone who isn't in good physical shape.
  I recommend avoiding Turkish Airlines or advising to secure your luggage. Our luggage from the last flight was destroyed and Turkish Airlines did not compensate us for any damage. They destroyed both suitcases, so that they are no longer usable. After a few days and many urgencies, where we are still writing with their customer service and proving many photos, etc, they wrote that they will not compensate us for anything! Incredibly! They didn't give us a dime! Never more Turkish Airlines.
  We supposed to leave to Prague tomorrow, for the spring break. When I went to check-in for the flight, I got an error message stating our flight got cancelled. We have not received any communication regarding cancellation from Turkish airlines! Absolutely unacceptable. Still trying to reach customer service. It takes forever to reach them. I’ve been on hold for more than one hour. The vacation was planed 6 month ago. I would avoid booking air travel with them in the future.
  They don’t honor star alliance gold. My husband purchased the ticket because he is a million miler with United. We took several Turkish airlines flights within in our itinerary and no one would acknowledge his upgrades, the customer service would laugh and they even tried to charge us for his free extra bag. When we finally left Turkey we were searched  at check nobody else. We got on the already delayed flight we had to get off and change plans. When we arrive at the airport all the star alliance tags were ripped off. our bags were last off the baggage carousel and wet we waited hour for our bags to arrive. We missed our rental car reservation in Newark and had to sit in the airport until open. We got there so late there was barely any employees there for customs or to help with claims. No one still has responded about our bags, but all they do is blame security but why would Istanbul security remove our star alliance priory bag tags? 
  I can safely say this is the worst airline I've ever flown with, and I'm not exaggerating. They delayed our flight by 5 hours from Montreal to Istanbul and gave us no concrete reason. Because of that, we missed our connecting flight to Nevsehir. They were going to make me buy a new ticket for the missed flight but thankfully I was able to argue with them to rebook it. However, they made me pay for the overnight stay at the airport because of the missed flight. Now on the way back from Istanbul to Montreal, on my way to the airport I decided to check the flight status and guess what? They delayed the flight by over 5 hours without sending any notifications. We had to wait at the airport for 9 hours. I had to beg them to give us food vouchers because their policy clearly states that we were entitled to one. They initially refused and when they accepted, they made me walk all over the airport just to get some Burger King. Terrible customer service at the airport. The customer service representatives barely spoke English while working for international check-in. Honestly if you can avoid this airline you should. Instead of calling it Turkish Airlines they should call it Useless Airlines.
 Bahrain to Geneva via Istanbul. Upon arriving at Geneva airport on the 12th March, we noticed that the Turkish Airlines flight was not on the “departure board”. I approached Turkish Airlines customer ticket desk. 3 staff members explained to us that the flight at 11:15 AM was cancelled. I explained to them that we needed to be on the same flight since my wife was in a wheelchair after a ski accident. They tried to change the tickets for us to fly with Emirates to Bahrain via Dubai. After 2 hours of waiting, we were informed that my wife’s and son’s tickets could not be changed to other airlines since the ticket was bought with a voucher. A voucher we got last time when Turkish Airlines took us off a flight!! I then explained to the staff that we could not sit 4 days in a hotel with my wife's knee only getting worse and worse and that my son also had school to attend. We contacted Turkish Airlines in Bahrain who also tried to change the ticket with no success. At this time, 5 hours had passed, and no solutions were given to us to get us home to Bahrain. Since I was on a different type of ticket, I had to take the Emirates flights otherwise I had to buy a new ticket. Turkish Airlines staff suggested us to buy new tickets for all of us, paid by us, not by Turkish Airlines! We had not been informed at all. I received an SMS at 11:45am on the 12th March, 30 minuted before departure. We were informed that there were no more flights the next 4 days, so hotel onto the 16th March was offered to us. Wife was in a wheelchair and in great pain, had an appointment with doctor the following day in Bahrain. We had to ask for lunch food vouchers 3 times before they were handed out despite it is by law it has to be given to delayed passengers. Turkish Airlines were friendly and helpful, but there was no intention shown to get the 2 extra seats for us to go to Bahrain. Turkish Airlines staff suggested that we bought new tickets with Emirates from Zurich, using the train connection from Geneva to Zurich Airport, despite they knew we Had one person in a wheelchair! Turkish Airlines did not offer to pay for taxi, train or new tickets at all. They asked us to pay for everything, and whatever outstanding amount would be covered by the difference from Turkish Airlines compensation and our actual expenses. So we were promised full compensation by the Turkish Airlines Station Manager. We tried to get Turkish Airlines to get the luggage on the Emirates flight, so that Wife (in a wheelchair) and Son did not have to carry luggage. That did not happen. Turkish Airlines did not want to pay for the overweight. We paid for 2 tickets with train to Zurich Airport, 2 tickets with Emirates to Bahrain via Dubai, plus all the extra expenses for food and drinks in Geneva and Zurich.
  If I can help it, I will never fly this airline again, I don't care how reasonable the fare. I had to change ticket (well aware that I am not a frequent flyer), and use a credit, so I booked a different destination 8 months in advance, and I was over 8 hours early to my return flight, was denied check in in Dublin. Couldn't check in, not even online. Returned at the exact time they requested for the afternoon flight. Still sat in a non moving line for close to 2 hours. Wasn't given an option for a seat, have been placed in a middle aisle seat for both a 5 hour flight and a 14 hour flight. The process has been painful throughout my experience. Never simple, never easy. Doing the right thing, trying to show up early, none of it works, none of it helps.  Avoid like the plague if you are a good passenger thinking playing by their rules will make the process easier or better. I don't need much, but a little consideration, situational awareness, and customer service go along way in case you haven't heard Turkish Airlines.
  Economy class is utterly dreadful. The seats in economy are much tighter when compared with the likes of Emirates or Qatar. I have used Turkish Airlines for a decade or so now. It used to be good. The competition from the EasyJets and other Stansted careers has really driven their standards down. The experience of economy with them (March 2022) was just awful. Cramped seats, my legs were against the back of the seat in front the same as it would be with Easyjet (never use to be like that) for a four hour flight. The check in staff are so unprofessional. On their mobiles as they serve customers. I will never use them again for sure.
  Very small seat and spaces around. My 7 hour journey was like confined in a small box, unable to stretch my legs in front or rear, horrible seating arrangements. This airline should be avoided at any cost. Poor food, grumpy faces of air hostesses and late departure. Never ever recommended.
  I bought 3 tickets for me and my kids and the day before the travel I changed the date of the ticket, and paid extra 50 pounds. I got the confirmation email from Turkish Airlines. Now I have just 5 days to travel, and I was trying to do the check in, the system does not allow me to do anything with my ticket. I called the Customer Service, and they said my ticket is cancelled. They took extra money to adjust the ticket, I got the confirmation in email. so they cancel the ticket and there is no any confirmation, nothing! Now they are saying to me I cannot travel.  They dont care about anyone, The customer service is very poor. Each time you talk to someone they give different information, different advise. When you call again, the new CS will say: no no no you should not do it this way, you should do it that way. They are waste of time and very disrespectful. If you have another option, try another option. Never Turkish Airlines.
  They cancelled the flight the day before we were supposed to fly. Their reason was the weather but we were able to fly with another airline on the day they couldn’t fly. They do this regularly, if the flight is not full they cancel it. We had so much unnecessary stress that day as we had to have a taxi from Sabiha Gokcen to Istanbul airport. They will not compensate any the extra spending we had to do. I feel so stressed every time we have fly with them. You never know what is round the corner.
  I flew with them from Manchester to Karachi. Upon arrival in Karachi found one of my bag broken, so reported to baggage team and was advised that someone will contact me in two days to sort out but no one did. On my return flight from Karachi to Istanbul another bag was missing so I was advised that you should carry on with your journey ahead, when found it we will send it to Manchester. Then I took my next flight from Istanbul to Manchester. The seat that I sat on wouldn't recline plus the footrest would not go all the was down as it right in the middle of two seats, as I am a tall guy it made my journey extremely uncomfortable. I ended up having backpain which lasted few days after that journey. My cases for the seat issue I had, plus the bag that was damaged are still on going with their insufficient customer service. And the bag that was lost, although I was advised after two days of arriving into Manchester that it had been sent their office in Manchester Airport is still missing . Turkish Airlines is the worst airline that I flew with and would never look at fly again. The entire journey and now dealing with their customer service has proven to be some nightmare which seems like would never end for me. Thank you
  I booked 4 trips for the same traveling journey in the same month All 4 trips we largely delayed or canceled. They afford you no resolution whatsoever I had purchase 3 new different tickets out of my pocket because of their incompetence I don’t know how they’re still operating
  Terrible customer service. Terms of flight clearly say if passenger cannot travel due to Covid they are entitled to a full refund. First their system charges $25 per seat to select and then changes it without any prior warning before your flight. Second when you try to get in touch with their sales office nobody answers. Their call centre In Istanbul keeps you on hold and transfers you from department after department following which they tell you to contact the local office. Local office says refund requests are only possible from the call centre. They don’t know what they are doing. After clearly explaining passenger was hospitalised with Covid they refused to give a refund. It’s been 4 weeks and they have harassed, frustrated and caused anxiety to an elderly couple who is hospitalised in a foreign country and no compassion or help. Horrifying, dreadful, joke of an airline. Has traumatised us to never fly Turkish airlines or even want to ever consider Turkey for travel. 
  Excellent service on board and amazing catering. They are working hard to improve their service. The culture of serving tea is amazing.
  This experience has been truly terrible. First Turkish Airlines changed the date of my return flight twice, necessitating me changing plans twice. Then, my outbound flight was cancelled with 16 hours notice. I am currently trying to get a refund for this after having bought an expensive one way last-minute alternative. I cannot get through to customer services and have received an email that the deadline is in 2 days. Abysmal service, avoid this airline.
  I received an email that all the flights from Berlin to Istanbul on 18th and 19th of March are canceled due to bad weather I had to reschedule my flight and this created a lot of problems for me all my plans had to be changed and now I check the website and I see that all other flights are happening. Just my flight is canceled the same direction and the same day why does Turkish airline lie about the bad weather if it is other reasons and now that I have to cancel again my flight back to Berlin because of the problems Turkish airline has made for me. I have to pay money and they contacted me at 3AM to ask me confirm the money transfer. 
  I wanted an refund on my flight from Dalaman to Istanbul. The ticket sales office in Dalaman gave me an receipt to get a refund and say that they cannot refund money from there counter and I have to go to Istanbul airport. Here I am in Istanbul airport trying to get a refund. The ticket sales office here said they cannot refund because in their system the credit card I payed with is different to the one I have. Which is a lie. I brought up my bank statement showing that I payed for the ticket which is the card I am holding right now. The staff didn’t answer or solve my problem and left. Leaving me standing there for a long time. The next staff came to the counter and threw all my papers and ID documents in the bin! I asked her to stop and give my documents and Receipt back she said she could not understand English. And continued to throw all my papers in the bin and ignored me. I ask for the supervisor and he said that they did not throw it in the bin. I asked for them to bring up the security camera for proof and evidence. He first refused to go check the bin.  He then went to the bin and indeed found my documents scrambled in the bin. The staff who threw a way my documents refuse to show me her name card or name. 
  Absolutely disappointed with their business class service, we have flown over 9hrs and they have not served us, not even a water bottle and not a single person even asked for any service we might need. Started out great with breakfast and after that nothing, zero service, flight smooth and no issues. I have flown them many many times and never been anyway near Qatar, Emirates or even British Airways and I do not expect them to be at their class but this is worse than any international biz class I have flown over last 25 years.
  Horrible experience! The airport staff are very rude and irresponsible. My GF who where traveling from LA to Tehran had 1:30 hour of transit only and they closed the gate right in front of her face! They charged her $170 to put her in the next flight which was in 2 hrs. Then they refused to board her claiming that her COVID test has expired! So she had to go into the city (Istanbul) to do the test again, but because her passport would expire in the next 3 months, they forced her to buy another visa with her other Passport (American one) to be able to go out of the airport. After doing the test, they said she's gonna miss her new flight, so she got refunded in order to buy another ticket for $500 which would take off in 2 days.  Finally, she bought another flight to go to her next destination after spending about 10 hrs in Istanbul airport checking most of the airlines. That's a big shame to you Turkish Airlines as you gonna lose all your reputation and credits if you continue the same way. We will never fly again with this airline.
  I traveled from Toronto to Lahore by Turkish Airlines in Business Class. On my return journey on 20th February 2022, the plane was parked on the runway at a distance from the airport. We were taken to the plane by bus. I have acute arthritis that prevents me from carrying anything heavy. When I disembarked from the bus I could not carry my hand luggage up the stairs of the aeroplane. There were 3 staff members of Turkish Airlines at the footsteps of the plane. I requested them to help me in carrying up my hand luggage. They refused point blank and told me to carry it myself. I told them of my medical conditions and my inability to carry heavy luggage. But they were not moved and told me that it was none of their business. I was left stranded at the footsteps and could not go up into the plane. I was wondering what to do when a kind fellow passenger saw my condition and helped me in carry up my luggage into the cabin. Had I known such a negative and unhelpful attitude of the staff of Turkish Airlines, I would have opted to travel by some other airline. Turkish Airlines is manned by horrible staff, especially at Istanbul airport.
  I made a booking from Bahrain to Istanbul on 9th April and return on 21st April 2022, on 3rd March and then 10th March I receive a mail saying the flights have be changed to 9th to 10th of April 2022. I had already made my hotels booking and paid for it which is non refundable and also for my rides in Istanbul. I spoke to the call centre they said there are no possible flights available on 9th so I had no choice. So I chose to travel on 10th April later I got a mail saying that my flight from Istanbul to Bahrain has been rescheduled for 2 hours in prior so I called and asked the call centre agent to change the tickets to 22nd April as I wanted to spend 12 days in Turkey, he said there is no available flight on 22nd and he gave me an option that In case of rescheduling of flight I can choose any flight 7 days prior or 7 days later from the date of actually booking. So I chose on 23rd of April 2022 I said OK so he told me. He send me Confirmation of the ticket. But when I received the tickets it was given for 23rd March a month prior than the actual date of traveling I already lost lot of money for my hotels and rides because of you guys rescheduling the flight now I am waiting for the tickets to be given on 23rd of April from March. It's been one of worst experience for me. And some of your agents are really rude over phone while talking.
  Terrible airline, never ever use them. My family is still suffering from post traumatic stress. They denied boarding without any explanation to multiple elderly people as they couldn’t speak English and forced them to buy either a new ticket or ticket back home. My mother still managed to arrive to Australia after a week leaving in the airport with the same documents, but the airline denied their wrongdoing despite failing to meet their own regulations and passenger rights. We were not refunded for any expenses. It is absolutely disgusting how they treated people, just simply inhuman. What I have witnessed I would not wish anyone to experience. 
  I took the first half of a roundrip flight to Sofia from Chicago and then got a credit for the return flight. It took several phone calls to get the credit because they at first said it wouldn't be possible to change the flight, then they said it wasn't possible to get a credit etc. When I called to rebook (booking with a credit on their website is impossible, also I can't even select my City from a dropdown list of hundreds of cities in my state. The website and the android app are unusable for anything.) They made a new reservation and asked me to call back 12 hours later to pay for the ticket. I called and the new reservation I just made was canceled. I took another 30 minutes on the phone booking yet another reservation, they said a Turkish Airlines rep would call me back to take payment. They never called. I called back and tried to pay for the reservation and again they said it was cancelled. This company is evil. They are not just incompetent, they are trying to stall and lie to extract more money from you while wasting hours of your time on the phone.
  Avoid. Dirty planes, rude stewardess and zero customer service skills. Turkish Airlines has really gone downhill. They barely serve one small meal on their Atlantic flights and the Wi-Fi service is terrible with constant disconnections. The flight attendants look miserable and act like they do not enjoy their jobs. Furthermore, Turkish Airlines has not been staffing their check-in desks either forcing you to deal with outsourced check-in staff…
 We bought 3 round trip tickets from Cluj-Napoca to Lisbon with Turkish Airlines. Our flight from Cluj-Napoca to Lisbon (via Istanbul) got cancelled and we were informed by the airline through our travel agent in the evening before departure (we were supposed to take off next morning). We were going on a family holiday (with our 4 year old son). The cancellation wasn't followed by any alternative from the airline, we had to pursue the airline to come up with a solution but they stated that they had none, Turkish refused to transfer our tickets to another available airline, when we said that we would eventually agree to take their next available flight they refused to pay for accommodation (on this flight the stop over would have been 14/15 hrs). Turkish also stated that if we decide to use the return trip with Turkish we wouldn't get any refund at all. Basically we have lost 3 days of our holiday, 2 nights of our already booked and paid accommodation, travel insurance and we have had to pay an extra 1000 euro on a last minute booking for 3 new tickets with another airline. I would not recommend this service to anyone.
  Very rude customer service for Turkish Airlines at Boston Logan. I was told initially without any explanation your flight after Istanbul is cancelled, so we won't let you on the plane to even get to the connecting flight. They told us we would be rebooked but they didn't even pretend to care. I was told go to JetBlue for your answer. When I asked if he could write some type of note for me to take to JetBlue he said no. He wouldn't even call because “he doesn't have the number” Additionally, first come first serve was thrown out the window when one of the representatives helped someone in the back of the line while ignoring people that got there hours before the person. Also, it's near impossible to adjust trips because nobody comes to the ticketing center until hours later. Horrendous customer support, few answers, little to no explanations. If at all possible don't fly this airline.
  COVID came and Turkish Airlines promised to keep my ticket valid until March 2022. And they did. Exactly 3 days after they started flying again on 28th of March 2022 - so for the 31 March  they offered me a seat and my option was to get one this flight and no refund. Of course with a 20 day lead and a stay planned another 3 month that was not an option. And my guess is they counted on that.  Their Hotline had repeatedly affirmed a refund or flight. Courtesy was zero. Never again.
  Turkish Airlines profited from my fathers death on their plane. My parents were travelling from Istanbul to Sydney with a stopover in Malaysia KL. For unknown (according to Thailand Doctors) reason my father died on the plane and the plane made an emergency landing in Phuket Thailand. They sent my dead father and mother to the hospital by ambulance even though he was dead for a couple of hours. We received one phone call by the hostess to say they were being taken to hospital and confirming my father had died already even though Turkish airlines have in their reports that he died in hospital. I'm guessing to avoid any responsibility. For the next several hours, every family member including grandkids were calling Phuket hospitals trying to find my mother. Imagine your 72 year old mother who has severe asthma, Crohn's disease and has had triple heart by-pass surgery stuck in a foreign country with high humidity with limited English. No thanks to Turkish airlines we tracked down my parents to a hospital ourselves. We are grateful for the Thai people whom were very nice to my mother. They police took her to the hotel across the road which was kind of them. However, my mother who had just lost her husband of nearly 55 years, in complete numbness and shock had to stay 3 nights in Thailand until a negative Covid test came back. That was the earliest I was able to get my mother out of there. Costs - Hotel & food about $300, Covid test $200, Compulsory Insurance during the brief stay $300. Now comes to my father, I received an invoice to the amount around $5,760 which around $2,500 was to go to Turkish Airlines fees to repatriate my father back to Turkey. We asked Turkish airlines to take some responsibility and at least waive their fees. They said no. So family members chipped in and paid the total bill. And even though Turkish airlines is profiting by $2,500, they have not apologised and accepted any responsibility in the way my mother was dumped and treated, not to mention keeping family members in the dark. Believe it or not they are still reviewing whether they get a refund for the unused tickets form KL to Sydney. Currently my father's repatriation flight was due to leave last night but was cancelled apparently due to "mechanical issues" so my fathers body is stuck in limbo unknown when next flight will be, even though we had made all the bookings on the receiving end. The costs keep growing and yet no apology from Turkish airlines still.
  I used to like Turkish Airlines, but now they are not respected. I was supposed to fly Kiev to Las Vegas via Istanbul and now we all know what situation are there. A credit and rebooked this flight in the future and they still take fee from me. Shame on Turkish Airlines - I didn’t cancel my flight because I want you canceled in first place.
  Avoid, total scam over price, worst customer service. They cancelled my flight due to weather condition ands said they made it open ticket. When I called to rebook got told I have to pay booking fee of £111 for a ticket they cancel.
  I have purchased a business class from Washington to Sofia via Istanbul. I have an emergency to change the date and 2 days already the agents refuse to change my date unless I purchase another ticket which is the same price as new one. I did some shopping around online just to see what other airlines are offering and they are cheaper elsewhere. Turkish Airlines want me to pay the full new ticket. What is the point to even use them any longer if they rip you off like that.
  I am Nigerian and they sold me a ticket that goes through Singapore, knowing that Nigerian passport holders cannot transit through Singapore. I was at the airport from morning till late at night and I was offered very little assistance, eventually I cancelled the ticket, and they still had the guts to Charge me 115 euros.
  A very stressful and awful experience. Travelling out of Canada our connection after reaching Istanbul got delayed by approximately 8 hours. No email, App update, phone call or correspondence for this delay whatsoever. How we came to know about this is the flight update screen at the airport which we thought was glitching as expected time was showing as expected but had another value of time in front of it which was odd so hence we inquired at customer service.  Customer service was the most demeaning, inhumane and stressful experience. We couldn't even make it to the desk before an airline rep pulled us out asked our flight number and without any info about what's going on? what are our options? asked a question to us "Food? Yes? No?" I replied just want to understand our flight situation as nothing is updated or conveyed to us. He replied No food? Ok passport? I gave him the passport thinking ok some resolution finally but he took it went behind the desks, vanished there in the back in the kiosk and came back after 15 min. Asked me again, Food? I said  what's up with flight?. So again we got back in the line up so we could talk to a human maybe. Reached a lady finally, nicely asked about what's going on with flight and what are the options, accommodations. Lady said the flight that was at 9 is now in the morning (it took me good long time to get this info) she said no hotel we don't accommodate. Anyways back and forth she got agitated and threatened to call police which Ironically I should be calling as I was being robbed. I stepped back because if this was customer service imagine how police would be. Went to another line again now this time a gentleman, pretty straight forward told me he doesn't deal with that side of the business but can help me give options and the options was a substitute flight that will go to a different city and we need to figure out on our own from there. Which of course we took as I wanted to be out of there ASAP. Every single person in that line up, regardless of my flight or a different destination was extremely frustrated, crying or with hopeless face. So it wasn't just us with our first world problems I guess. On the way back to Canada (from Lahore to Istanbul to Toronto).  Without any notification our morning flight got 8-9 hours delay, we came to know about is due to my previous incoming experience this time I kept checking online status of departures through airports website because as usual Turkish Airline website and app were still showing on time. The Turkish airline office in Lahore does not open at times that displays on their site and there is no local number, agent or helpline to update your ticket when they delayed and messed up all the connections. (and no no email or updated itinerary) Anyways so we reached with all our luggage at airport just in case you never know. They finally open at 5 am instead of 2 am which the site said. Somehow squeezed in and found a number to call. International number, not toll free and the call keeps dropping, my wife successfully got hold of someone and they said they don't have connection to Toronto until Sunday which was after 2 days so either we leave Lahore on the delayed flight and stay Istanbul.
  I was originally going to Nairobi on a trip in December. Because of Covid I cancelled my flight. I called the airline and they said I would have to make it an open ticket and call back when I am ready to book. They said it would be no problem. A few months later I called because I had a sudden break in my work schedule and could finally book a vacation. First time i called I was in the middle of the reservation and the call got disconnected. I called back to make the reservation and they said that it looked like I was a "no show" on the flight. I knew that was untrue. The agent said i needed to make a feedback request, I did and it did report an "irregularity" in the system. So then I was feeling hopeful I called to book. I cannot even tell you how many times I have had to call. A few times "The system was down" Then when I called back (each time I would get a different agent) they would say I cannot book this ticket because your name was wrong. My last name was written twice on reservation. They said please make a feedback request and they will change your name then you can book, so I did that. The feedback online sent to me via email was that they cannot change my name and i have to make a new reservation to do so. So I called back to make the reservation and asked them to please correct the name they said sure, we will forward the call to the feedback department. Feedback department said no sorry we cannot help you you need to do this online. So I booked the reservation on phone. She said just make a feedback online to change name. She refunded me $500 because new ticket was less. So again I made a feedback online, they wrote me back today saying You have to book your route again with the new name. Well how can i do that now that I have already paid for the flight! They said you can call us back or book online. Well I tried to book online and it asks for hundreds of dollars (asking like it is a new flight), so then I call. I spoke to someone, she did not even say hold on she just said okay I'll help you, she transferred me to another agent. That person said okay I will help and then never came back on the line! This is absurd. Now I have a reservation to fly from SFO on March 1st, but I probably cannot take the flight because my name is wrong on the ticket and no one will help me. This is the worst customer service of my life and I am really really stressed over a vacation.
  Please do not choose Turkish Airlines. From ground staff to cabin crew, it feels like they are forced to work.  If you complain about their staff to them, they will tell you that they are working perfectly fine and there is absolutely nothing wrong with them, I have never seen a more delusional company with such a wrong perspective about themselves. 
  My wife was supposed to fly from Sochi to Chisinau, with a change in Istanbul. We bought round trip tickets. Arriving at the check-in desk, she was refused to let on the flight by staff members saying that she did not have proof of a negative COVID-19 test. Although she had. The employee tried to explain to us that the customs service of the Republic of Moldova would not let her pass with these documents. Because of this, we needed to buy new tickets from another airline and with the same documents that we had, we successfully reached Moldova. We contacted the airline several times explaining the situation and providing proof that we were right. But no one even considered our appeal, answering with standard forms. As a result, we were not even able to use return tickets, as we "didn't show up" on the first flight. Poor service, I do not recommend!
 I have booked a flight LED-NCE with my miles. A week before my flight I called customer service to change the destination airport to LHR without changing the date. I was advised by two different representatives that to make this change will cost me USD25. I agreed to the change while on the call and then the call disconnected. I called back and spoke to another representative who told me that the actual cost of my flight change will be approx USD140. I said on this case I well not change my flight and leave it is it was originally. She said she can't leave it as it is because the change has already been made and I have to go to an office to resolve this. I couldn't get hold of an office so I called back to customer service where they told me I have to create a feedback form on their website and quote the number. So I did. Then I spoke to someone in another department who asked me a few more questions and they advised I should hear back within 48 hours. After 72 hours have passed I haven't heard back so I called again only to find out nothing has been done. I spoke to 5 different representative, some of which were extremely rude, but all I got was they would send an emergency note on my case and I will hear back from them. Now it's 3 days before my supposed flight but I don't have a ticket, I don't know where I'm flying to or if I'm flying at all. They keep telling me they will get back to me ASAP but I can't afford to know last minute as I have to plan my travels.
  Very disorganized airline. Unresponsive ground staff and crew. Crew are not kind and cooperative. I also had baggage issue and my baggage came 72 hours later. With no notice it was left behind the door and when I got home was completely wet. Do not recommend Turkish Airlines.
  Very appalling service. inflight toilets were dirty and without toilet tissues. I did inform the crew to clean and put toilet tissues but they ignored my request. Three members of the crew kept chatting in their little room. Quite few people asked water or other drinks but it seems the crew kept taking ages to serve the passengers. My flight was scheduled to depart 10:00 AM in the morning. When I reached the airport I was told by the check in staff that the flight has been delayed until 15:00. I received no email. No notice by either text or phone. The Turkish airlines manager just asked my if I want to change my flight and that there is nothing he could have done about this problem. Since I am missing my connection at Istanbul I asked him if they would provide accommodation and transfer. He promised that he would do that and inform his colleagues at Istanbul. That has proven a lie. At Istanbul airport the staff were very rude and unprofessional. They categorically refused to provide accommodation and I had to linger in the airport for over 8 hours. Customer service is very poor. staff is incompetent and indolent. See the photo of the meal (attached) given as a compensation for the delay. Stay away from this airline.
 My flight had a connection in Istanbul, however due to weather condition our flight was diverted to Antalya airport and thats where everything started, no staff on the ground to explain what to do next, where to go or how it would be handled. Had to run around airport asking people what to do. Had to purchase visas to enter the country. After going outside looking for the transfer bus to go to hotel and finding out there was not enough busses or wait (no one knew how long in pretty cold weather) had to get taxi to take me to the hotel. In the hotel trying to call Turkish Airlines was also unreal, due to amount of people calling trying. I had to call some number in the US to get my flight changed. I had 800$ cash on me for a week at my final destination, however after I landed only had 160$ left, since had to pay for my transportation to and from hotel as well as transportation from the airport to my final place since all my arrangements got cancelled due to the delays and no show.
  You can find out good friends when you’re in trouble. Unfortunately Turkish Airlines is not that kind of good friend. My flight was at 3:50 and there was a delay and they made it at 04:50. Unfortunately we couldn’t land in ADB due to foggy weather, so they decided to land at BJV. This can happen for any airline but the bad point is that Turkish Airlines provided nothing but an old bus after couple of hours! Can you imagine you are kept in a place without any facility! There was just W.C even there was not enough chairs to seat for all passengers! No breakfast no warm drinks. Even they didn’t take us somewhere so we could buy by ourselves! The bus was terrible and broke down in middle of the way! It’s a full catastrophe. It’s not my first and last flight with Turkish Airlines, but now I know to expect nothing when there’s a trouble from big names such as Turkish Airlines.
  I had the worst experience ever had in my travel history with Turkish Airlines. The airline emailed me a day before to tell my flight was cancelled. Right after I received an email, I called the customer service to verify my flight. But the customer service representative keep telling me my flight is not cancelled and scheduled on time for next 12 hours. 12 hours before my flight, the customer service representative (after hours of time spent in phone calls) told my flight was cancelled and I am compelled to buy another expensive ticket from Qatar Airways. And Turkish airlines do not pay for my ticket value. This is the worst ever airline I have ever flew among all international flights I flew. Never recommend anyone to fly with Turkish Airlines.
 I write from your Business Class Lounge in Istanbul. Having arrived at the airport at 11 pm the night before to take the flight TK 0692 from Istanbul to Cairo the check-in staff member insisted that a PCR test was the only way we could take a flight to Egypt. They refused the certificate of full vaccination issued by the European Union and I quote this certificate was irrelevant. We were informed that the only way we could travel to Egypt was to take a PCR test at the airport and await the results My colleague and I have no choice to comply with this false demand to complete our journey. We took the PCR test at our own expense. We then had to wait for the results. We returned to the Business Class check in where we had to rebook our flight at 7.30 am six hours later. We were informed that my ticket was going to cost an additional €450 citing that the ticket had been changed 4 times already. This I might add was because Turkish airlines had already cancelled my flight from Malaga to Istanbul 4 times leaving us stranded at great expense. After further debilitating stress. We finally managed to re-book our tickets on the much later flight at 07.30 am. During the process, I had asked to speak to a manager or supervisor. No one was available to help, and the attitude of your agent was beyond rude. It was stressful and humiliating. I am of advanced years and the stress caused has had a very negative effect. During the debacle of your insistence on the now proven unnecessary PCR test, it was suggested that once we arrived at the so-called “Business Class Lounge” we should ask to speak to a manager. When we explained our situation the ridicule continued, and the reception staff after a minute on a mobile phone search reiterated that a Covid Certificated issued by the European and the Egyptian government was irrelevant and a covid PCR test was the only we could travel. This compounded the stress of the whole situation when again the risk of refusal to board might again be insisted upon. I cannot express the level of my feeling of stress and humiliation given by your staff's superior attitude. Apart from being worn out by your treatment, we are at the loss of the cost of the unnecessary PCR tests and the additional fee for rebooking. Not to mention the already 4-day delay on the first leg of our flight at great expense. 
  My flight was delayed from Zurich to Istanbul and I barely had time to make my connecting flight back to Kuala Lumpur. The flight crew and ground staff were sarcastic and completely unhelpful - against all odds we were able to make the flight with absolutely no help from the staff as they claimed it “ was not their job”. Suffice to say I will never take Turkish Airlines again.
  I had to change my departure date, so I went to the website and modified the flight. Total upcharge was $25. But the website wouldnt let me select a seat on the first leg of the flight. So I called Turkish Airlines. Was on hold less than 5 minutes. 5 minutes later the seat was booked. Arrived at airport for my flight. Needed a PCR test to enter the final destination. Had gotten the test, but hadn't gotten the results yet. So I asked if I could board and get tested in Istanbul. Yes, but only if I split my ticket and that would be $$$. Agent suggested I get at the end of the line and start calling the testing company. I did, and a few minutes later I had the test i my email. The line in front probably had 75 or more people in it, but I held up my cell phone and and thumbs up. The agent waved and sent two other agents to the end of the line to escort me to the front. Got my boarding pass and had a most excellent flight. I fly them at lest 3 times a year; each time at least 4 legs, sometimes more. I have done simple round trips and complicated open jaw tickets. The service and the professionalism has been outstanding. Food is pretty good too. Their economy seats are as good as anyone's.
  Be careful with the way you ticket with this airline. Forbid you have a voucher for a reimbursement for future use or whatever reasons, they will not honor it or they will come up with any excuse to cut it in half. I just purchased tickets for my wife and I for travel in February to Istanbul and I had locked my reservations. My wife had an existing voucher and I was paying by Credit card. They have rules that no one knows and they want you to know about these rules after they issue you the voucher, that if you have a voucher you can only redeem that in a sales office in the USA or Turkey or local country of Origin. Try getting a sales office in the USA. There are none and all USA sales office numbers get routed to the call center that has difficulty understanding English. So if one has to redeem a voucher, you can only do that at a Turkish sales office in Turkey. I called the call center, after 20 call attempts since either they had computer errors, or computer was down or they dropped the call, I got an agent, telling me that if I need to ticket my ticket together with my wife, I have to go to the Sales office in USA and or Turkey not willing to understand there are no Sales offices in the USA that are manned unless you have lost baggage. Finally I found a friend, who went to the Istanbul office to book my tickets that were already locked with a price but they ended up charging me and extra $60 for my tickets of $920 (total $980) and $340 for my wifes tickets that had a voucher of $1000 and the tickets were $920. So her tickets actually cost me $1000 from the originally purchase I had made plus $340 extra. Total $1340. Remember I had already locked a price of $1940 for two tickets from the Turkish website and had a reservation code and Paid for the lock of the tickets. The reason for this hike was the new ticket is being booked in Turkey, and the Turkish lira is 14 to a lira and when I was given the voucher for $1000 of refund that Lira was 8liras so I have to pay the 6liras per $1 price difference for the devaluation of currency hence the extra cost is $340 on the new ticket plus the $1000 on the voucher. Where is the logic in this? What happens if there is no one in Turkey to go to the sales office locally? I guess can never use the Voucher. Where is the logic that If I paid US $1000 on a ticket in June 2021, they cancelled the flight due to COVID, they issued the voucher, now they converted that $1000 to exchange rate at that time and I have to pay out of pocket more money because the $1000 is now worth $500.
  First and foremost the customer support on the phone for Turkish Airlines is the worst. Never seen so much staff lazy at doing their job. Without filling the online request they cannot do their job. You can explain your situation to them. I had two issues with my flight and both times the staff on call did nothing and said we cannot do anything about it. I separately filled a complaint on the site and told them the situations on the site feedback and their response was lazy and seemed they did nothing to solve it. I got overcharged for a handbag that did not fit into their partnered airlines aircraft so they charged me $250 as a third suitcase and had me almost miss my flight. I had called and emailed Turkish Airlines and their response was rude and seemed they don't want to do their job.  I have not gotten any reply from them. It has been two weeks I have sent an email and their has been no response on their side. This airline's staff is inefficient and rude. I would recommend never fly with Turkish Airlines.
 Worse customer service, I am disable and use wheelchair. They have my wheelchair as a luggage and put it under in cargo. When I got my wheelchair back it was bent and broken, does not work like before. I send email on Nov. 6th and just got email back saying they received it and let me know. I have not heard anything from Airline over 2.5 months (No email or Phone call). I went and check to see what is going on and the answer says it was rejected, No reason and no explanation. Never fly with this Airline again and do not recommend them. Stay away from them, There are much better options out there.
  This is the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Missed my flight due to not having enough time to making it through that international transfer security check point. Was forced to pay for new tickets just to leave the airport and they couldn’t book me through to my final destination because it was a third party airline. Response I got from my feedback form complaint to the airline was “should have arrived 75 min before the next flight took off.” They didn’t actually read the complaint. Will never fly Turkish Airlines again and I recommend you avoid them too. Unless you want to be out hundreds of dollars.
 My return flight IAH to KHI rescheduled due to COVID. This has been a nightmare. No one from feedback department will reply and send you email. I called 10 times within 48 hours to rebook my flight. Two of my COVID tests expired due to their non communication. The staff on the phone are rude and not properly trained.
  Worst customer service experience. First their staff doesn't understand English. Called more than 10 times for one issue still not resolved. Also if complained there staff start shouting. They ask you to hangup so don't have to transfer to call satisfaction survey. They say they can't hang up. Internally very disconnected operation. Had been waiting for finance team to call me since 3 days now to call and take payment for reissue ticket. Most of the time after a 30-45 min call you will be told system is down for maintenance.

  This was by far my worst flight experience. from the very beginning the boarding was not as well organized as some other high quality airlines. Then when arrived my destination, one of my luggage was missing and I needed to wait 2 days to receive it. Since this was not my final destination, I needed to pay for 2 nights of accommodation until receiving my luggage. But the worst part is when I called 2 days before my departure flight for changing my return date. First I asked for a date 12 days from this point and I was told it is going to cost $40 USD. My original ticket costed me almost $700 USD for a return ticket. As I was not sure about the date, I asked if I can have an open return and then I was told you can make your ticket open and I asked if it is going to work like my current ticket and the cost for changing the date will be in similar range and I was told that making your ticket open return is not going to make additional cost compared to now when you want to set a date for your return. So I made it open return. I called 3 days after that and asked for price for changing to a date 16 days from this point and I was told it costs $960 USD. I checked their website and the ticket itself was only $980 USD. I told them you mean my current ticket worth only $20 USD! After making a complain following up for 5 days for my complain through phone, finally, I received a generic answer that according to our fare rules that is what you need to pay. I called this day again and asked again about the price difference, I was told you need to pay $978 USD for a return date change while the price ticket from their website was $932.Unbelievable, it costs more to change return date than buying a new ticket. I ended up canceling my ticket and going to buy my ticket from another airline. They wasted lots of my time for nothing. I will avoid flying with Turkish Airlines for my future flights.
  It was my first time traveling with Turkish Airlines. I got to Cameroon on December 24th, my luggage arrived on December 29th. I went back on January 12th, same scenario I still don't have my luggage. There is nobody to assist me. I called their customer service and an agent told me that one of my luggage has arrived, that I could go pick it up. I drove 45 min to the airport to notice that nothing ever arrived. I called them once there, the new agent I spoke to told me that my luggage are still in transit. No compassion, no empathy, no apologies. Why do I have to undergo all this with no explanations on why my luggage are being delayed? I can't ever recommend this airline, it is worse than Spirit Airlines.
 We have been having the worst experience with Turkish Airlines. We have contacted customer care at least 18 times since January 2. We spoke with many agents that promised to call us back and help us but none of them did a thing.  All of the agents promised to call us back to confirm on the ticket change price that we are trying to get since January 2nd. We never received a call, email or a price. We asked to fly on Jan 18 which is few days away. But due to uncertainty of the booking we cannot enjoy our vocation and do things that we planned with easy mind. It feels like nobody knows our case and nobody cares. As each time we speak with new agent we have to explain things over and over. Like I would imagine that the agent would have some sort of CRM system to have clients history.
 Turkish Airlines refused to correct the order of the first and middle name on a ticket and made us purchase another ticket. I’m stunned that a simple mistake and correction will cost me 1,000.00 more to purchase another ticket. I’m disappointed that they didn’t take the high road. Again nothing changed not date, flight nothing except the first first name and middle name got input into the form incorrectly. I’m extremely disappointed with their decision and won’t fly them again.
  Turkish Airlines is the worst Airline. I ever want to try to fly again! They have the worst customer care I ever seen!  We bought our tickets early, our tickets were changed like 10 times, but we agreed to work with them due to Covid19 situation. At the day of traveling they refused us to travel because they said we don't have all requirements we need to travel, one of that was the visa to Uganda! I explained to them I'm Ugandan by birth and we travel every year, we always obtain visas at arrival, they refused not even check to see if it true, they don't have time for that! Instead they went to put our tickets for no call no show because they want to keep all the money for all tickets! We tried to reach costumers relation but every time you talk to someone they are rude. Contradicting them self, the only thing we are asking is to take no call no show so we can pay the difference so we can travel. They refused even when they agree at we are at airport and they refused us to travel. They don't want to take away that no call no show because they want to keep the fare! We had to purchase another full tickets with another airline, we missed spending Christmas with our families due to that and up to now they are still fighting to keep the money. At one point they told us they refused us to fly due to missing documents. I replied ok if that is the case then you agree with us that it wasn't no call no show, then take that no call no show so we can pay the difference, with a few minutes we received reply that we cannot do that because in previous findings email we told you, that you did not fly because youre not at Airport at the time of flying, which implies that person did not even read the findings he/she just assumed, and contradicting the previous email. It is the worst experience we have had.
  My luggage was lost at Istanbul even with a 7 hour transfer. The seats I paid for I didn't get, so I lost 80£ on that. Before my flight they had a reschedule so online it seemed like I was only going to Istanbul and not further, I called 4-5 times and all times they had issues with their IT systems so they couldn't do anything and could not get a confirmation my trip was OK. I had to literally chance it when I got on. On the flight the crew is uninterested and switched off, one of the cabin attendants fell asleep before take off from Istanbul which made us all chuckle a bit, but still they're there for our safety? Got to Bangkok and my check in was missing, thanks to great help from Bangkok staff I got my suitcase a day later. I tried calling Turkish during my trip to reschedule and it seemed I woke someone up, again uninterested and overall bad experience although I got what I wanted (which was in the ticket price). I might be spoiled flying SQ too much, but Turkish is really bad for customer handling. Will try to avoid.
 Worst Company ever. They gave the seats we paid 250$ extra for to someone else (this for 12 hour flight) and then said that if we weren’t happy, we could come back tomorrow. We tried calling them more than 15 times to change our flight and they would either hang up on us or tell us that they will call us back and never did for a whole week. I’ve never seen that in my entire life
  Do not buy tickets from Turkish Airlines. I had a ticket on December 25. From Sydney to Istanbul. Unfortunately, on December 23, my two daughters and I learned that we had covid. immediately called THY to cancel my ticket or to change the date. The officer advised me to open the ticket, he informed me that when I create a new ticket, I will only pay a service fee of $15 per person. I got the ticket open. Now when I call for a new ticket, they demand $3500 from me. They said that if I cancel, they can only refund the tax money, $187 per ticket. I paid $2000 per ticket. They are taking $1800 from my money! Also I sent my and my daughter’s Covid test result. I cannot believe. My advice to you is not to buy tickets from Turkish airlines. I'm sorry I got burned.  I just wanted to get another booking without the charge as COVID was out of my control.
  I was traveling from Vancouver to Karachi. Transit was at Istanbul Airport. As per the ticket I had 4 hours to catch the connecting flight. What happened actually was the Turkish Airlines flight TK76 (Vancouver Airport) was delayed for 3 hours. The flight took off at 9pm instead of 6pm, due to which I got less time in Istanbul to catch the flight TK708 (45 minutes instead of 4 hours). Turkish Airlines staff at Istanbul were not even apologetic for what they did. They could have provided some kind of help so that I could catch the flight. They compensated my flight from Istanbul to Karachi after 24 hours. I don't know what will happen to baggage. I suggest people not to travel Turkish Airlines, today its me, tomorrow maybe it's you.
  Terrible airline. For starters they lost one of my bags and when i call to figure it out, they say they have no clue where it is. i had over 500 dollars worth of things in that bag. Eevery time i call cutomer service, when it gets down to a "1 minute wait time" it just says that over and over again. waited 30 minutes for them to pick up whilst i was being told i had a 1 minute wait time and still didnt get a hold of anyone. Absolutely do not recommend.
  Absolutely appalling service during our recent journey from Istanbul to London. My husband and I were in transit flying from Almaty to London via Istanbul. The Turkish Airlines staff at the gate in Istanbul did not let us on board completely dismissing our proofs of negative test results as outlined on the official UK government website. Instead, the staff imposed their own interpretation of the rules and made us follow those. This has caused us missing our flight, leading us to spend an incredibly stressful time (for over 5 hours) and to incur additional costs. Awful customer service. I would not recommend to use the airline which neglects the official UK government guidelines and requirements in their own interest and profit of the Istanbul airport!
  This airline cancelled my return leg due to Covid restrictions in Manila. Due to lowered capacity of passengers in Manila, they cancelled my return ticket and don't even bother to find a replacement date. The worst is that they tagged the cancellation as 'requested by passenger'. This makes it difficult for me to get a refund.
 Turkish Airlines are a joke these days and so unprofessional. Got charged for 2 bags for my father 160$. Since 2008 I’m customer with them, no problems, but now they lost a lot of customers and for sure I’m one of them. I would never be they are returning customer for sure. 
 Incredibly disappointed with Turkish Airlines. I travel frequently for work and personal trips (typically go to Europe once a year), and I will never book with Turkish Airlines again! The service was never helpful and it was extremely difficult to get a hold of a customer service rep. I purchased my flight with insurance because I knew covid changes would likely require an update to my return flight. Sure enough, I needed to cancel my return flight and was informed it would cost me $300 to cancel! Absolutely ridiculous! When I finally got a hold of customer service and was able to talk to a person, I was asking for additional details regarding their refund policy and he hung up on me.
  This review is about the customer service at Turkish Airlines or the absence of quality customer service. This ticket was bought in the summer of 2021. In August I received a notification that the flight TK1333 from Istanbul to Bremen for 24 December has been canceled. In November I call the airline given it does not fly to Bremen that day to change my flight to Hanover and I rent a rental car to get to Bremen. My partner had the same issue, for him we called a few days before the actual flight to make the changes. Both times the customer service agent tells us the flight is canceled and tells us our options. We go for the free rebooking. On 24 December at the airport, we see at the departure screen that flight TK1333, presumably canceled is operating with 10 minutes delay. It was too late for us to switch. I took a picture of the departure screen. A few days later I email Turkish Airlines customer service highlighting the failure to provide good service, the failure to notify us when the flight got rescheduled or to tell us when we called twice (once for each traveller) that the flight had been rescheduled. This is not my first time dealing with their customer service through the terribly heavy feedback mailing system. The answers are typically unsatisfactory. Generic sentences saying the airline feels sorry (not: apologizes). In the first reply the flight cancellation issue was not addressed at all. The second time the answer was amazing for its uselessness - it showed how little a state-owned and-subsidized airline feels it has to be accountable to its paying customers. Here is what I received: 'We’ve reviewed your feedback forms TK-5751236 and TK-5721899 in our review, we found that the activities and evaluations we carried out following your feedback were in accordance with all rules and procedures. As such, unfortunately we’re unable to take your request any further.' I still do not know what happened, why the error happened, not do I have an apology or any commercial gesture to compensate. I have had a number of such bad experiences with Turkish Airlines customer service - usually it is impossible to get the agent to engage on the topic at hand. Errors are rarely admitted. It feels the customer is doing the airline a favor by flying with them. Feedback is not desired and I very much doubt it is acted on. I would recommend avoiding the airline if you can.
 Turkish Airlines are the worst customer service. If you called for any issue and male pickup the phone, you better hang up and dial again. Call until a female with answer, you may received help. Very angry people, no professionalism how to help customer or find a solution. You go to them for help, you’ll get nothing in return.  I have to call 4 times and write many feedbacks just for the flight change. Basic needs you can't have done with Turkish Airlines. Do not fall for their cheaper prices, it is 100% not worth it if you need some changes on your flight or any help! Nothing is improving at all. It's getting worse , this way I decided I am no longer using the Turkish Airlines for any of my travels.
  It is hands down the worst customer service I’ve been a part of and I’ve traveled internationally a lot. They consistently give you itineraries that are impossible to reach- like you land after your next flight boards. They’ll do this on every flight. So when you go to them for help, you’ll get nothing in return. They had to rebook our flights due to their impossible itinerary then never actually booked our connecting flights causing us to be stranded in Chicago for 48 hours (possibly longer). No one can or will help us get home.  They’re completely incompetent and absolutely unhelpful and unkind. Do not fall for their cheaper prices, it is 100% not worth it.
  When I arrived in Istanbul, could not find my suitcases at the designated carousel waited over an hour with no luck after an uphill battle trying to find anyone who speaks any other language besides Turkish, one of their crew try to help me find them with no luck. Handed an irregulatory report at the airport and was told to wait 21 days for investigation. Stayed 4 days in Istanbul with no luggage, then I went back to Houston, 21 days passed with no news from the airlines. Finally, after several attempts of contacting them, they send me an email telling me that my luggage was lost and there is nothing they can do and they will not compensate. Tough luck. Never again flying this airline.
  Very rude ground staff, unprofessional arrogant and have no customer service. We have had the worst experience with the Turkish Airlines ground staff after a lovely holiday. Will never fly with them again, please stay away!
  I've traveled the world on many airlines. This was my first time on Turkish Airlines and it was by far the worst experience ever. Customer Service is horrible. Food is horrible. Usually an air hostess is there to assist you and be at your service. Well not on this airline. You have to get up and walk to them if you need anything. I was pressing the call button and No one coming even after 20 mins of repeatedly pressing the button on and off to catch attention from them. This has happened multiple times on all the flights. 
  Words can't explain the pain they give you. Despite having all of the requisite documents, I wasn't allowed to board as there was some technical issue in there system therefore they were unable to see my "ok to board" status. No refunds. 1000 SGD wasted. Can't do anything. Their customer service sucks.
  I would never recommend Turkish Airlines for any travel. Their customer care is the worse. I had to change my departure airport and while doing it they failed to change my arrival airport. I called them again to change both departure and arrival airport to IAH, Houston. To change it from JFK to IAH, they asked for a large amount of money ($3700 for route change) which did not make any sense. I decided to cancel my one leg of the flight and get a Qatar Airways flight. When I called them to cancel my return flight, they said it can not be canceled before the first leg of the flight is done. They advised requesting cancellation after the first leg of the flight is done. In that case, you will receive the full amount less the amount used for the first leg, the customer service person said. One thing to note about their customer service is this; they don't have a consistent answer for the same queries each time you call. Different people give different answers. It is a big hassle to talk to their customer service. They will flatly say no to your requests and they don't have a supervisor or a higher authority who can make a decision. They will tell you to email the local sales office. I asked to give the telephone number of the local sales office and her response was this " Sorry, we don't have a local sales office in the US. You will have to email them. It may take 3 business days before you get a response." After the first leg of the trip was over, I called customer service to cancel my return flight. They said our system is not updated that your first leg is completed. So give it 24 hours so our system can get updated and you can receive your refund. I called them after 24 hours of the first leg of the flight and the response varied. I called at least 10 times. Each time talked to different customer care personnel. The answer varied from your ticket is non-refundable (their person only said it is a flexible ticket and you can get a full refund after the first leg, and also it says on the ticket that it is refundable), the system not allowing me to process this, call back in 2 hours since our system is stuck. One person said you will receive $541 but when he tried to process it, he said the system is not letting him. Long story short, they managed to take a huge amount of money from me. The total ticket price was $2236. After completion of one leg, as per Turkish Airline customer service, I was supposed to get around ~800-900 US dollars. I have the names of each person I talked to and information received from them. But they kept a chunk of it and refunded only $160. And mind you, this is how they make money! I have never seen poorer customer service anywhere! They don't care about customers as much as they care about money. Never fly Turkish Airlines! Lesson learned.
  My complaint is paying for an Aisle seat and a special meal and receiving non. I ate the food offered to me on both flights because I had no other food on me.  I was placed inside and not on an aisle seat. This is my first time on Turkish Airlines and I am extremely disappointed in the accuracy to charge me for special meals and seats, but not delivering them to your clients. This was a horrible experience. 
  Lost my luggage with my valuable stuff in it. Their staff do not even pick up the phone. You lose your luggage, you are basically on your own. As some of the destination airport personnel told it is very common that luggage gets lost especially when it transfers via Ankara airport. It is frustrating to deal with them. They are irresponsible and not professional.
  I can simply describe the whole experience as awful. Worst airline I have flown in 20 years. I am a Platinum Qantas FF and fly 1000s of miles every year. Long haul in business, short haul in economy. Check In - Awful. No Business Class signs, told to just "push in front" of a queue of at least 100 people trying to verify documents. Staff ignored requests for help and pretended not hear. Unorganised mess. Rude and aggressive ground staff, which defined the rest of the experience with staff. I was charged over weight of $250 euros. I reweighed what they claimed was 17kg in Manila, it was 10kg. It was a monitor that amazon had delivered ay 9.98kg. Same with my suitcase. If I had an option to walk away and get a refund I would have would have. I flew to Malta on Easyjet and they weighed the same bags and monitors at the weights I had got. I was not the only one being overcharged. MLA to IST - Awful. Lucky I took a few waters from the lounge. Offered a drink, never arrived. Cabin Crew spent whole flight hiding. Again they come across as rude and aggressive. The meal was beef fillet - burnt broccoli and a hamburger (that's what is looked and tasted like). One of the few positives the seats in the new 737 are good. 2 x 2 in business. Lounge Istanbul - Awful. Food was basically cakes. Not enough sitting space. Stocked up on water as expecting another painful leg. IST to MNL - Awful. Maybe I have been spoilt on Qatar A350. Maybe I was already annoyed but what a terrible product. Staff - I had to really bite my lip or I would have been incredibly rude. Just like they are. No menu, no drink offered, just super rude and aggressive staff. Ordering food was a challenge, ordering a drink impossible - would it not have been easier to get the menus, rather than describe the completely wrong products - "some sort of beef thing", it was lamb. Ordered a cabernet got a shiraz. Asked for water - nope. The seats -  I thought I was flying BA back 15 years ago. flat beds that go into a point so you can barely get your feet in. Super uncomfortable to sleep on, once offered to make my bed up, never came back. I was too scarred to ask due to the super aggressive rudeness of the staff. Everything was a chore. They huffed and puffed all the way through service. First meal (mezze) was goodish. Second was inedible, and I eat anything. Was never asked everything ok or shown any kind of care at all. I only flew Turkish as it was short lay over. I had flown them before the reverse route, side by side business seats where so much better. in flight chefs were great. I know there are restrictions currently but I flew Qatar not long ago SYD to MAN and what different experience. I flew EasyJet - better than this experience. its not the pandemic it is terrible, rude and aggressive staff - don't work in customer facing roles if you are this horrible. 
 Turkish Airlines makes you pay to bring an infant on your lap. If you book the two legs of your flight separately they will charge you for each leg, and they will charge you more than it would’ve cost to just add the infant at the time of booking (not that you would automatically know this, as no other airline that I know does this). Instead of being nice and helpful and leaving a note about this somewhere, they purposely don’t tell you so they can then charge you ridiculous feeds to add your infant after you book your ticket. They are sneaky and try to squeeze the last dollar out of you. I don’t recommend them. You can get better for your money.
  I'm stuck at Istanbul with a few others (est. 27 hours) while writing this review. I was not let to get on board because they did not look for the email contains my travel permit to Vietnam. (Full proof that travelling agency had sent the email). The employee said "If I let you on board and they return you to Turkey, we will get a penalty of 5000€". So just to be on the safe side, the traveller bears the loss. To shut us up, one employee said "Sit there, we will help you!". We sat there, and they ignored us until they closed the boarding gate. The help was: "Please go back to transfer zone, find another ticket".. When we filed a complaint, the shift manager came and point at us: "It's your fault, not our fault".  When we asked for a report why they denied our boarding, their reply was: "It's in the system, it's forbidden to see". When our travel agency contacted and proved that they sent our travel permits, their reply: "we don't have it, but you can change to another Kuala Lumpur trip for free".
  Worst ground customer service. Customer service was very rude. I had 14 hour delay going to Lahore and 24 hour delay on flights to Chicago. Worst ever travel experience. I had to spend 36 hours at the airport. Very bad TK airport customer service.
  Worst experience, they charged me for changing the date on my ticket, and after that they also cancelled the ticket that they charged me, without telling me anything.
 Worst experience of my life. Never felt this unvalued. Flight delayed by 16 hours. Hotel only given for 6 hours which was 1 hr away from the airport and had to apply for a Turkish visa in order to get to the hotel. Spent 50 pounds extra on top of out flight and food for 16 hour delay. People at the airport not helpful what so ever. Turkish Airlines kept giving mixed messages and canceled our flight even when the flight was still going. Rude people with bad cabin crew service. 7 hour flight and the hostess kept turning my light off whenever I called for assistance.
  You should never use Turkish Airlines! When I tried to change a ticket name they said it's impossible with the current ticket, and suggested me to get a new ticket, citing that by doing so  I get a full refund. So, out of stupidity I bought another 1200$ ticket (same flight, with the correct name). Now I'm stuck with a ticket with a faulty name and a new ticket, and Turkish Airlines is reluctant to make any refund. Also, they said a flexible ticket but read the small letters - you need to pay a fee, equals to the same fee you get if you didn't pay those extra bucks. If you ever think about choosing Turkish - Beware! Better paying a few extra bucks then ever receiving such a humiliating customer service!
  Truly the worst airline experience I have ever had, and I fly a lot. The flight departed late and we were tight for our connecting flight (which was another Turkish Airlines flight). Fine, it happens. We informed cabin crew and they reassured us. We exited the plane and there were no staff to guide those of us connecting on where to go. There was a "Short Connection" path we could take, but the Turkish Airlines staff member said it wasn't for Paris (he was wrong). We walked around the vast Istanbul airport asking various Turkish Airlines employees for advice and it was unbelievable how rude unwilling to help they were. They literally would walk away from my wife and I saying "It's not my job, what can I do" (this happened multiple times). Obviously we missed our connecting flight, and the follow up experience resolving this was equally awful - their employees didn't seem to know where to tell us to go, just pointing in vague directions to walk, constantly pushing the problem off on one of their colleagues. I later witnessed their staff shouting at a lady who required a wheelchair be brought for her. It was shameful. My account only tells a bit of the nightmare experience we had with their airport staff. They are untrained, impolite and unprofessional and I will never fly with them again.
  I was traveling with a baby with reduced mobility. Therefore, my husband enrolled me in a wheelchair which is clearly written in the ticket. But they declined my wheelchair at the Istanbul Airport. As a result, I was unable to take a flight from Istanbul to JFK. I did not have an international SIM and I was stranded in Istanbul. They declined my request to communicate with my husband even in this scenario. This is an extreme example of cruelty. The customer service was extremely rude and took an opportunity to get money. They were demanding $3000 for a ticket back to Dhaka each which is six times higher than my original ticket price from dhaka to Istanbul to JFK.
  A terrible experience on both ways, on my way to Dubai with family including 3 kids, one of our checked in luggage was opened and the lock totally disrupted. The airline representative informed me to do an online feedback with photos. On our way back, due to weather we landed in another airport in Istanbul and we missed our connection flight to Frankfurt. Till now I could understand that they are not responsible for problem but their management was horrible, total chaos and for more than 6 hours trying to get an answer about our flight back, finally after succeeding in booking seats on next day flight, we were left in airport with no accommodation and we have to book ourselves a room for the night on our expenses. Due to COVID and quarantine restrictions we were not able to get inside and we had to stay outside borders till next flight which was more than 24 hours later, after registration for a complaint officially, regarding luggage they denied any further help as the case was not registered within 7 days which their representative extra did not mention anything about, and for the flight back now 6 weeks and no answer, really the worst experience ever I had with airlines.
  On December 1st my flight from Istanbul to Miami was delayed nearly 3hours which resulted in me missing a flight from Ft Lauderdale to Bozeman. I arrived at the airport Istanbul close to 3 hours early and after standing in a 45 minute line was redirected to another check-in line. Both were marked International? At check-in in the second line I was informed my PCR test from November 30th was not valid- same day testing was now required. Off I went to a rapid test a couple thousand feet way. 45 minutes later returned with another test and was cleared. I was told to hurry for the flight was close to boarding. Istanbul airport is beautiful but very big, so I had to go through 2 security checkpoints and run for 30 minutes to get to the gate. I arrived gate D17 to find a very long line. It was now about 0110hrs. I was a little confused since we had just went through 2 pretty intense security checks to now see we were going through another one. Security was wand scanning and intensely going through carry on bags etc. Many people were agitated. Shorty after 0200 we began boarding the aircraft. We waited onboard for just over an hour with the pilot apologizing for the delays. Initially he said we'd be 20min late. At about 0315 a passenger became angry over the delay and eventually was removed from the plane. Our flight started taxing at 0400. We did not arrive Miami until about 0900hrs. The inflight wifi would not work so I was delayed in called/contacted my connecting airline until landing. They were very nice about it all, but had no flights going to my destination until the following day. I cleared passport by about 10am and after spending 2 hours found one flight to Bozeman via Delta for $700- which was 2 times more than my missed flight. It also put me in 5 hours later. I contacted Turkish asking for a partial future flight credit and was told to contact customer feedback via online. After 4 messages -back and forth, Turkish Airlines said they would not give me any future flight credit because my ticket did not have the connecting flight attached.
 Official website got a lot of bugs and crushed. When you need help or got any problem that decided to write email, they always ask you to call their Turkish headquarter. The help center that close to your region/country often need to wait for a long time and not permission to help you do anything. Turkish headquarter will let your call wait for a long time too. hey changed the date of my flight that cannot meet my transit flight. So I applied for the refund and need to wait forever. They seriously need to hire more people to work on their IT applications and help center. I would suggest you not to choose Turkish Airlines. It wont save your money but waste your life and more money instead.
  We had to rush and run like crazy just to catch the plane and swear our heart out with my wife being pregnant. When we got to the plane on time, the plane then made an.1 hour and 15 min delay. I would have believed the right thing to do is for them to announce the delay at least on the live board. Ou luggage got damaged and later thrown away as the wheel broke after I believe their intensive drags and smash they done when transporting our luggage in the connecting flight, and one of the luggage was binned as it cannot be used again. I complained and their explanations is worthless because they did not compensate us at least for the damaged luggage. Very disappointing experience. i will not be using them in the future and i advise others not to as well and seek a better airliner for a peace of mind.
 I enjoyed my 18 hour flight from beginning to the end. Excellent service on board. Flight on time. Very comfortable seat. For me best the European airline, first choice for my trips.
  Ground service at Tbilisi was good (by TAV) and boarding was okay and quite quick. Seats are comfortable in business for a 2 hour flight, although the armrest PTV's were not working. Strangely the cabin crew came and got these out so we could watch the safety video, but nothing was shown at all and staff seemed oblivious in the fact that nobody had been able to see the safety video! The breakfast was good and Do&Co food is the one strength that Turkish Airlines retains. Staff were reasonably efficient at serving and clearing the meal, but no real communication from them and they remained behind the closed curtain for most of the flight. Not a word from the Flight Deck at any point of the flight (departures, inflight or arrivals) and this is a real weakness on Turkish Airlines. They state that all aircraft and "cleaned and disinfected" between each flight, but sadly this is a very false statement - as a part of my work, I carried out 5 spot-check ATP tests in the seat / cabin area and all came back with a very big fail for cleanliness. After arrival, not a single passenger wanted to follow an orderly deplaning and there was just a mad rush and complete lack of social distancing. Overall an okay trip, but they have a lot to improve in their ambition to match some of the world's best airlines, and I am now very wary of their health and hygiene protocols.
 Never ever fly by this airline. My husband tried checking in via the website - due to a glitch he could not check in. Called toll-free to accommodate his meal request. they agreed, but there was no meal served. Since there was no vegetarian food on the flight he was hungry for 16 plus hours! There is no coordination between the staff or they simply choose to ignore the request for economy class.
  Turkish Airlines cancelled my return flight from Marrakesh to Tel Aviv. They did not offer any alternate way to get home. Their app only said 'no flights available'. No one ever answered their service line. I had to purchase a ticket on another airline (El Al) to get home. I will be compensated via Travelocity, since I booked through them and bought travel insurance. But I will never again book a ticket with Turkish Airlines. They have zero customer service.
  I counted at least 12 people in the plane who did not have a mask on during the entire flight which was 5 hours which his clearly a violation from passengers. I talked to 2 flighs attendants about reinforcing passengers to wear the mask. The 2 flight attendants said they were doing the best they could but they cannot force people to wear the mask (for real) I feel Turkish airline put my health was in jeopardy. I filed a complaint with international airline association. Lastly in November 29 As we tried to land for 1 and 1/2 hour, we had no communication from Pilots or flight attendants. People knew something was wrong, plane kept going up and down tried to land once. No communication.  Finally the pilot said we will go to an other airport because the weather conditions were bad! We landed at Curlu airport and stayed In the plane for 2 hours in the ground. No communication at all. Finally we were let go in the middle of nowhere I decide to take a cab to go to Istanbul that cost me 60 euros. I felt that the pilot need to get some customer relationship classes as they did not respect their passengers I am flying back to Europe in 10 days will forfeit my return flight and will get an other airline !
 It is obvious that this at some point in the past was a very good company that has gone in the wrong direction. My situation was pretty simple - I got a positive Covid test ~25 hours before departure time and called customer service to reschedule my flight to a later date. I was recommended to submit a proof of the positive test via feedback form on the company website to avoid additional charges once I will be ready to book a ticket. Submitted and got an inquiry number. The symptoms were not that bad (thanks to vaccine) and in a few days right after getting a negative test I called customer service, provided inquiry number but was told that it is not reviewed and approved yet by someone in headquarters and I better submit my positive test again, so somebody in the headquarters removes the flag in the ticketing system, otherwise, no-show? Up fee will apply. All 5 folks in the contact centers both in Kyiv and Istanbul looking at the test results admitted that the fee should be waived in my case, but without an authorization from HQ not much they can do. After few hours on a phone I basically give up and paid $273.12 fee and promised to myself never use this airline again. Will suggest the same to my family and friends and suggesting the same to the readers. Please avoid Turkish Airlines - this company will take advantage of you.
  Two mid-long hops within one day. Paris to Istanbul and then to Kyiv. Check in didn’t take long (some 15 min for eco line). The only dislike (a big one) was disorganized boarding in Paris with lots of confusion and no communication from the staff. All the passengers of business and eco were sent to a single endless line which then got stuck in the finger. You can imagine a crowd of 200+ people whose boarding passes had been scanned, but embarkation didn’t start for another 20 minutes or so. Instead of stopping scanning passes till the plane is open to board they kept scanning sending more and more people to a narrow overcrowded finger. Otherwise everything was good. The first flight left late but almost made up in the air. The second flight was on time sharp. Turkish catering came back to high pre-Covid standards. A330 was retrofitted with new seats and new entertainment system. Legroom was excellent. 787 was fresh and nice with good seating as well. Crew were present and very nice. Toilets kept clean. Wi-Fi and cell roaming worked well. Disembarkation and transfer in Istanbul went well. However the second embarkation is also worth dislike due to the plane parked remotely and all of us sent there by busses and having to use steep stairs (this was 787, so quite an exercise for elder people and passengers with toddlers). 
  Our flight was from Washington D.C. to Doha with a transit of 4 hours on Istanbul airport. At the boarding in D.C. all our documents were approved by the Turkish airline ground staff. We were not asked for or told about my 2 year old son's PCR test result. The ground staff in D.C. was really kind and made the boarding experience very nice and easy with an 11 months OLD infant and a old toddler. When we reached Istanbul airport with the already issued boarding passes for the next flight, the boarding time was 7:30pm IST time and by 7:40pm me my husband and our infant and toddler were at the check in gate. First there was a guy who came and checked all our documents then he called another person and like that there were 4 people looking at our documents and then another lady came and asked if we have a PCR for my son who is 2years and 3 months old. We said no, since as per the rules of the final destination there was no such requirement. Furthermore, we were issued all the boarding passes including for the transit flight without being told about this. We agreed to get my son's PCR test at Istanbul airport since they were not allowing us to board any flight. When we asked for help regarding it, the ground staff was very very rude and did not help at all. Our luggage was not released which had essentials for the babies. For about 8 hours we struggled at the Istanbul airport. Whoever we went to for help said we would have to purchase a new ticket for the next flight. We were sent from one desk to another for 7 to 8 hours trying to figure things out. No one provided the correct information. No one helped with the luggage, the accommodation, nothing at all! We had to deal with all this with two small children. In the end, we ended up paying for the accomodation we had to find ourselves and for the new flight. We were so helpless and stuck at the airport. It was a horrible customer service by the Turkish airline ground staff in Istanbul. 
  Turkish Airlines is the worst ever airline, with horrible customer service! Never fly by this company! We had a flight from Dubai to Miami with connection in Istanbul. They denied us boarding because of ticket not in sequence. Managers at airport was not helpful and assisting, they were very rude and disrespectful. He said If you can show me boarding pass or any proof of flying from Istanbul to Dubai then you can board the flight -  that was like 15 days ago. After unpleasant talk with useless and unhelpful management we went to ticket office, it’s 30 min drive from airport. They said we are sorry it’s in error on our side in the system, we will reissue tickets for tomorrow, but we can’t provide any assistance with transportation, accommodation and meals. So not only we have to do run around with our luggage and with my mom in age and we need to pay for there mistakes.
  Disappointing and uncomfortable flight from Istanbul to Mauritius and back with minimal leg room and narrow seats. More leg room on the BSL-IST A321 than on the A330. Food was barely edible, lukewarm and minimal choice. First and last time with them !
  Worst airline ever. Staff rude and arrogant. The service is really bad. The attitude of staff on the ground and flight crew was really bad. I asked for a coke in business class and was given a drink with a sour attitude. No snacks or drinks served between meals and nothing available in business class. No business class lounge or arrangements for passengers. This was the worst business class flight. Do not waste your money.
 I was not expecting anything good from TK but I was totally satisfied with their service. Great IFE system and seats. Friendly cabin crew and professional staff. Will fly again with them for sure.
  The usual indifference begins at check-in. Athens Airport is a pleasure to travel to and from with plenty of facilities, a good size. Efficient procedures and professional service marred by the rude and deliberate indifference of the Turkish Airlines check-in desk. On time departure, short flight, disinterested cabin crew, water and cake bar given out to passengers. Not a good service. Luggage took forever to appear on the belt, Airport is far too big. Not recommended.
 Our first flight was delayed by about one hour. When the inbound aircraft landed, Turkish staff did their best to cut the delay down as much as possible. Even on the first, one hour leg, we were served a full salad meal, which is unheard of for European airlines. Once we landed in Istanbul, ground staff were able to give passengers an escort so that they would make their connecting flights. The Dreamliner taking us to Miami had new Turkish seats. The seats were comfortable, and the storage pocket was huge. Catering was phenomenal, we were served two full hot meals. Bathrooms were clean and of high quality. Only issues were that the headrest kept falling back and that the entertainment screen kept turning on when I was trying to sleep. Overall, it was an amazing experience, and I would definitely recommend Turkish.
  Just do yourself a favor and do not use this Airline. If everything goes well during your flight then you are lucky. But when you encounter any problem, during your travel like being late on a flight or need to change the date of your flight, then forget it ! No one speaks any other language besides Turkish at Istanbul airport at their customer service office. I was traveling from Amman to Istanbul and they lost both of my suitcases, on October 27, 2021, since then until today I am getting the runaround. They asked me to go online and write a feedback regarding the situation, then they asked me to wait 21 days, the period is over, and haven't heard from them. They did not even offer to compensate for my luggage For sure not taking the chance to travel again with them.
  Last month I booked my flight directly through the TK company website. On my way back at the airport, I was told that my connection flight from Istanbul to USA is canceled and I have to wait at Istanbul Airport till the next day to catch the next flight to USA. This resulted in a very inconvenient situation where I had to wait for 14 hours overnight sitting on a chair at the airport, which was shut down, and I missed important business on the day I was supposed to be back home. This is exactly what I tried to avoid when booking my flight although there were other respected airlines offering cheaper prices. They did not even bother to send me an email or contact me before departure to let me know that the connection flight is canceled, although I entered my contact information when booking the ticket. I wrote to TK customer service complaining about this situation; no one cared to reply. Do yourself a favor and avoid flying with Turkish Airlines or you may experience this yourself.
  This was the worst business class ever. Not comfortable. Service awful. Flight staff is rude and arrogant. Don't waste your money. I have flown with Qatar, South African Airlines, QANTAS, Delta and American. In my view, they were much better.
  This was my first time flying with Turkish airline, while booking my luggage i had a car seat, and i specifically asked if i need to wrap it to protect it (i had a bag to wrap it), but i was told by Turkish agent that "Airline will wrap it or put it in a bag before putting it into the plane" . When i received the car seat at my destination it was not wrapped at all to protect from damage and from getting roughed up. I opened a claim with them within 7 days and they routed me to a different department after 2 days, when I opened case with the 2nd department, they told me I passed the claim time which is 7 days! Worst customer service.
  The worst airline I have ever encountered in all my travelling experience. Very poor service and no sense of professionalism. They see passengers as an opportunity to grab their money for unclear COVID instructions. They will issue your ticket knowing full well that you cannot travel so they grab your money and tell you the fees are nonrefundable. I spent thousands of Dollars on a ticket (which I showed my passport of nationality) and it was accepted just in the end 2 hours before my flight to be notified by the airline that I can’t enter because they do not except the specific national passport. If that were the case they shouldn’t have accepted the ticket when bought or made it clear that travellers with these certain nationalities/passport may not enter. Many working there were useless and didn’t even bother to act. When asked for a refund they refused and hung up on me. I had to spend another of thousands of dollars on another airline. Save your money and spend it on a better airline that is known for it service as although Turkish Airlines is cheaper its nothing but a gamble spending your money there.
  TK has awful customer service and they don't seem to care. When you have a problem, you have to leave feedback on their site to speak to a manager (you can't speak to them directly). And even then, nothing ever gets anywhere. I just flew from DC to Kazan via Istanbul. I had a ticket through their points and realized I needed to make a change to the ticket - I needed to add an infant seat. I could make a brand new reservation for the same exact same amount of miles as my old one plus 4,500 additional points for the infant seat. The call center could do the same. However, they couldn't change my old one. I asked them to cancel it - they couldn't do that either. They told me to do at the airport before my flight. When I left my home for the airport, the new ticket with an infant seat was still available. When I got to the airport, their system was down. The sales agent said my only option is to pay $450 for the infant seat because their system was down. He said I can write in after and get a refund. When I did, they refused my refund. All I needed to do was pay a $25 change fee or a $50 cancellation fee and pay 4,500 more miles. Their system was down, so I couldn't. A 5-year old can tell you that the right thing to do is refund me the difference between what I paid and what I was going to pay if their system wasn't down. But apparently, Turkish Airlines doesn't believe that to be the case.
  I just lived through a nightmare because of Turkish Airlines: on 7/11, 1 hour before my flight to Lisbon, at 7:00am, a Turkish Airlines employee who didn't speak English told me, only in Turkish, that I was too late, without being able to explain why. The only word in English he spoke was "closed" although I there was still 60 minutes left. I asked and begged for someone who spoke English, but no one came and the employee just started talking to other passengers. The same employee directed me to the Turkish Airlines Services, where no one spoke acceptable English either. In the process, I got so anxious that I lost my ID card (which I found later). When my flight was gone, I was offered another one to Madrid (not my final destination) for 1000 euros. In order to go home, I had to pay 1600€ extra. No reasons given, no apologies, no explanations, just arrogance and lack of basic human decency.
  I had an open ticket with this company. I have called them at least thirty times and stayed on the phone for hours with their customer service. They booked me a ticket telling me that a fare difference should be paid and I will get a call from them as soon as their fare was approved. They never called me back. When I called them again they told me that the calculation that the previous agent has done was wrong and a new reservation has to be done. This happed three times in a row. An inefficient company that uses mischievous tactics to stop people benefit their open credit.
  The Turkish airport decided to force anyone transiting through to must have Pcr test to get onboard to their flight even if the destination country doesn’t not put the pcr as a must. They did not tell me that when I was in Cairo and they allow editors me in. They didn’t tell me that in Turkey even though I had 15 hours layover. They only told me that 30 minutes before boarding my flight to Vancouver and forced me not to get on even though I had filled online Canada App called ArriveCAN two days earlier and I was allowed to get i. This caused me a painful experience in Turkey biggest airport not to mention the financial loss. They are not credible airline. Later I went on another flight. Also Turkish Airlines is the worst ever compared to all the airlines I have traveled on. They do not have any sense of logic or consideration for the elderly, children or women, and as an example it suffices to say that they got people down about sixty stair steps on their feet and we took a bus to another terminal far away to take another plane that was not scheduled to be boarded and that caused a delay of more than an hour and a half without any prior notice or apology to the passengers. The seats are very tight and no leg space.
  They closed the gate 40 min before the time And refuse to let me in, (me and my child) although i did the check in and boarding 3 hours before plane. They had no idea of hospitality and talk in rude way and i had to book a new tickets. And when i asked about my luggage they didn't answer me. Really very bad experience.
  Check-in was fast, MRS -IST sector, plane was spotless, seats were comfortable and crew members were friendly. Flight took off on time and meal was served. Food quality and quantity was excellent, two choices were given with plenty of drinks and good Turkish/French wine selection. Crew member saw that I had plenty of leftover pasta sauce and he offered me 2 warm bread rolls (very attentive!). Landed in IST on time, airport is gorgeous and huge. IST - ISB sector was on time, boarding went smooth and plane was again very clean and covid-related regulations were respected. Washroom was clean. Food was excellent and drinks were offered twice. Everything went smooth. They probably offered coffee but i guess i might have missed that or maybe they didn't, Still an excellent service.
  If and a big if everything goes smoothly then it is a good airline to travel with, but if you encounter any problems whether it's at the airport regarding ticketing or lost luggage then you are out of luck. The airline lost both of my suitcases in Istanbul, not sure if they were misplaced or put on the wrong flight but anyhow when both of my suitcases were lost then obviously, they were misplaced and not stolen. The uphill battle started trying to find a Turkish airline representative at Istanbul airport to report the issue and could not find anyone. For people who have been to Istanbul airport, I am sure you know that no one speaks English or any other language besides Turkish, so good luck communicating with anyone at the airport. Finally, an hour later got to the office of lost and found at the airport and reported the luggage loss. The process was difficult, not professional they have no clue what is customer service, extremely hard to communicate with, and top of all they do not care about your concerns. It has been 2 weeks since they lost my two suitcases in Istanbul, I had to buy cloth, toiletry, etc. for my stay in Istanbul and now I am back in Houston without my suitcases. Calling them they refer you to the website to write feedback (big deal) and then you never get a response from anyone. Neither a compensation for my loss. Pay a little more with other airlines and for sure you will get a better service.
  Could not fly in March 2020 because Covid. Spent over $1400 for the ticket, now they are telling me that I can only get $131 refund. Can't get voucher or miles too. So Turkish Airlines is stealing passenger's money or they want people to risk their life flying last year? One thing for sure, I will never book a ticket with Turkish Airlines again.
  We didn’t expect much (also due to some reviews here) on our trip Berlin - Istanbul - Dubai and back, but it was fine. Check-in in Berlin without much of waiting, all 4 flights more or less on time, polite and helpful flight attendants and excellent food (by Do&Co). Seats were typical economy, not worse, neither better than anywhere else. But complete and extensive inflight entertainment on all legs, incl. two outside camera views. Flight attendants tried to secure some kind of discipline in mask usage, but quite a big number of annoying fellow passengers on Turkish Airlines, more than on other airlines. Istanbul airport transfer is not really fun and especially the security control was ridiculously overcrowded and designed much too small.
  It was a super terrible experience. I am very angry and disappointed about this flight. I had a connection in Istanbul and because I didn't have a PCR test, they didn't allow me to board the flight. I didn't have a PCR test because until 3 days before my flight, the fully vaccinated people were allowed to board the flight. when I checked-in in Vancouver, their employees in Vancouver must have informed me about this problem and they should not have allowed me to board this flight. But they allowed me to board the flight and then I was stuck in Istanbul for 2 DAYS and eventually I used another flight for going to destination. Also, when I wanted to come back to Canada on Sep, the airline employees told me I cannot used this ticket, because I didn't use the second portion of the flight and so the ticket is suspended. so I missed the flight again and eventually I forced to purchase another ticket from Lufthansa with the last minute high price to come back to Canada. In addition of all these costs, theses happenings ruined our vacation as I spent 4 days of my vacation in the airports and also put a lot of stresses on me and my family + and 1 day work absence. I highly recommend don't use this unfair and non-standard flight. Pay a little bit more, but fly safely.
 My family and I have flown with Turkish Airlines several times. The flight attendants are most of the time very nice and helpful. The aircrafts are really clean. However, the customer support team is really bad. We had a 9 hours overlay in Istanbul and they delayed the next flight by two hours leading to an overall 11 hour overlay. However, they didn't offer any hotel or food services and they said it has to be more than 12 hours to get those services. Also, I tried to upgrade my wife's return ticket to business class because of our baby. I spent one week and used Turkish Airlines app, website, and called customer service many times and none of them have been working. Finally, the customer service asked me to physically go to Chicago O'Hare office to do the upgrade. But when I went there, they also were not able to do a simple upgrade because of glitches in their system. It's been a terrible experience so far and they wasted a lot of time from me. The customer service is terrible.
  Overall a terrible experience. The flight was planned on a Sunday at 16:30. The ticket bought 2 months before. Earlxy in the morning on the flight's day, the online check-in did not work. I arrived at the airport around 13:00. The check in queue was extremely long and slow. I got a boarding pass with the letters SBY instead of a seat number printed on it. Nobody at the check-in counter would explain what it did mean (they barely spoke English, actually). I reached the gate and they said there were 15 people in the overbooking list (including me). They denied boarding to me and another 8 people (including a mother with a baby and a small child). We had to follow an employee for a really long walk through the airport. We waited more than an hour until we got a boarding card for the second flight on the next day (they said that the first flight was also heavily overbooked). They tried really pressingly to convince the passengers to accept a 1-year-valid open ticket as a refund, not even mentioning the cash refund option. Since I expressly refused to sign the acceptance form, I had to find the complaints counter on my own (another real long walk through the airport). After another long wait, the person at the counter (also in a really bad English) told me I had to go to the "Denied Boarding" counter, but couldn't provide directions. After asking at the general information desk where the office was, and after another long walk, I managed to get a paper stating I had the right to get a refund. After that I had to go on another search to the "Hotel Counter" in the airport. There, after another 30 minutes, they organized the overnight stay in an hotel (in a really ugly part of the city) and the transfers from and to the airport. Regarding the refund, I talked to the offices in Zurich, and I they said I had to send them an email containing the needed documentation. Until now I still didn't get any answer.
  Worst airline ever. I booked the flight o attend my sisters wedding in India and now I am getting the news that the flight has been cancelled, also at last point they are informing me there is no available flight during those +10 or -10 days. Also, they are not ready to confirm when I will get my refund. If you want to secure as well as ensure your travel, booking this flight is never recommended from my side.
  Rude customer service giving false information. I tried online booking with Turkish twice and every time something was wrong with the online booking as if they intentionally want you to talk to their agents. Once the website could not confirm my child's age, and the second time, I could not use the voucher Turkish airline gave me for cancelling due to covid. In both cases the customer service agents said they can book me a ticket with price as my online reservation, but after they got my confirmation to go forward with booking the total was higher and I had to pay extra. The lady was rude and told me the system gave me that price and the extra $150 is because blah blah blah. She said she could not cancel it either! The bottom line is that you will be scammed if you need to talk to their customer service.
  We were unable to take the original flight due to family illness, called to rebook. The girl on the phone was the rudest person I have ever spoken to. We did not know the exact dates, so she told us not to worry she would just credit our account with open flights and when we wanted to take them call and rebook. We called, got passed around 3 people, nobody any idea what I was taking about and though it says press 9 for english they dşd not understand anything I was saying and kept asking odd questions. I was unable to rebook so those flights are lost. The flight experience and staff are great with Turkish, but if there is an issue their customer service are the worst I have ever had the misfortune to deal with. I have called for rebooking, special assistance for my 89 year old grandmother and odd things over the years and they are 90% of the time rude and the issue is not resolved.
  Unprofessional agents and "system error" make the passenger buy the ticket they did not want and agree. Turkish Airlines would not resolve the issue beforehand, make you fly and impose financial hardship on the passenger.
  A really bad service. The worst ever. They didn’t help me, always give me wrong instructions. I bought a new ticket and they don’t advise me well and also take a big penalty. They took a lot of time with my lost baggage. The customer service in ticketing in the airport doesn’t speak English and can’t understand well.
  The indifference starts at check-in at the monstrous new airport in Istanbul. Manned by miserable and non-talkative staff, just going through the motions. Security seems lax compared to other airports and the queues start getting longer with angry and impatient passengers who appear to jump the queue. Uneventful flight, usual low level of service, can't be bothered attitude from cabin crew giving out bottles of water and snack box. No interaction with passengers, command of English very poor and no-0ne speaks Greek. Very few Greek passengers on flight as most prefer to travel with Aegean Airlines and with good reason. I'm still laughing as to how customers can award Turkish Airlines Best European Airline. Clearly they don't read the 1 and 2 star reviews on here by so many unhappy passengers. I would give them NO stars if I could. They should be rated as a 2 star airline.
  My parents went to Dhaka airport for checkin. Th customer representative harassed my parents, asking why return ticket from London to Dhaka purchased from Etihad.  He said it is a rule to buy return ticket from same airline. When my parents argue, he said he need to check the visa, visitor visa to UK is closed now. Insisted the visa issued last week. Then he wanted to see covid test booking in uk. My Dad showed him Passenger locator form and covid test booking receipt. The agent was trying to say so many nonsense issues like, I should refund Etihad ticket and buy Turkish return ticket from him now! We said this is not his business which airline we will use to return from UK to Bangladesh. At 04:00 am, My parents had to que up in Turkish airlines check in counter 1 hours and bullied by a Turkish customer representative. I contacted Turkish Customer care representative immediately from UK, the agent he listened all above, unfortunately there is nothing he could do to contact Dhaka Airport Turkish Representative.
  Their economy you will get more than a small bottle of water, you can expect tasty hot meal and selection of beverages including wine and beer. For me the best European airline. I appreciate their improving service.
  Bought two tickets but could not use them due to the wildfires in Greece. I was given an open ticket and was told I would have to pay the difference only.  Yesterday I tried to use the open ticket. Customer service does not speak English sufficient. At first the wanted $1700 extra, then $1200 extra, then $500. Today I called again and found a ticket even cheaper than the original and they wanted $656, I asked why? No answer, only that if I waited five minutes it could go higher. I told him the website price states the price lower, I was told to buy that instead without getting a refund or have my open ticket applied. They hung up several times. Their rudeness is unprecedented. I have never seen such behavior from an airline. The money is lost I am not being forced to pay more than I have to. 
  When planning a flight, think carefully about choosing an airline!  The airline employees detained my son and me while transferring to a plane to Vancouver in Istanbul, forcing me to spend two days at the airport while waiting for the next flight, while the hotel had to be paid out of my own pocket. Upon arrival in Vancouver, it turned out that three of our four suitcases were destroyed, and  Turkish airlines have been investigating the incident for three months. Although it looks more like no one is investigating anything, everyone is on the brakes, the airline simply ignores all my claims, So beware of Turkish Airlines.
  I did self-check-in in the info-kiosks available in Copenhagen Airport. It was somewhat strange because the last screen was "thank you, good bye." I did not recieve boarding pass or luggage labels. So far the problem is of Copenhagen Airport. I waited then in the luggage drop line, to drop my 1 piece luggage, and receive my boarding pass. The person at the counter scolded me that I should had taken another line, like regular check-in line. I told the officer (Turkish Airline employee, I guess) that I did check-in, without having received a boarding pass. The person said " No, you did not make any check-in" while I knew what I did or did not do. And I would not lie to anyone for any reason. Additionally the person told me "You should say thanks to me instead of insisting what you said". I have never experienced such rude behaviour. And that was enough to ruin the quality of the journey. At the same time the person lost the chance of investigating such a fail in the check-in kiosks by not believing what I told.
  Pretty good staff on the airplane. Food was decent. Some personnel act somewhat aggressive and bitter.. which is unfortunate. Seat was dirty. Then the positive experience ends. The Turkish lounge at Istanbul and the baggage service is an absolute joke. The make your life an absolute nightmare. Just try and have your bag not arrive. Then try to follow all of their bureaucratic hoops and you will lose your mind. The company they use for example in Rome will not release the bag without Turkish airlines permission. Turkish doesn't call you. You will call Turkish and they will say "we are still investigating the case". It is like living in a poetically hellish world of people that don't listen to you. Sir, the bag is in Rome. We have spoken to the agent and they just need your approval to release the bag. "I can't call them but I will email them." That doesn't happen. Just an absolute joke. So far it has been 5 days.
 I was positively surprised by the quality regarding every aspect of my trip. Both trips were on time, staff friendly and efficient, food remarkably good and the whole experience very satisfying. I will defo fly TK again! A small but remarkable detail is that during their announcements which starts with: Ladies and Gentlemen, they also add: and dear children! Another small but remarkable detail is that each passengers receives a hygiene package that contains 2 masks, disinfectant gel and other things!
  We had our tickets canceled due to COVID a year ago and we still can't get our refund back. They withdrew the money and do not want to return it. During the year they said we had to wait a little longer and they would return everything and 12 months had passed. Terrible customer service, always say the same thing and then just hang up. It is better to spend more money than to order tickets from them again
  If I could give 0 stars I would. I booked a ticket today, 10/03/2021 for my mom to come visit my and her granddaughter for Christmas. When I received confirmation, I saw that the departure city was wrong. It should have been from Odesa to Miami, not the other way around. I called them to fix it right away. They refused to help me. Said if I cancel now, I won’t get my money back. If I want to make changes, I have to pay extra fees. Never ever have I heard of a company who does not have 24 hour cancellation grace period. Well now I do. I am very disappointed with their poor customer service. They refused to connect me with the manager. They said managers do not speak over the phone with customers. Next they transferred me 4 times and told me I have to go online and open a ticket to resolve this issue. I did. I received automated message saying that I have to wait for 7 business days to hear back. This is ridiculous. I made a purchase today and called you within 5 minutes of purchase. This is insane. Representatives on the phone were rude, last gentleman hang up on me. I booked Turkish Airlines on multiple occasions. Never thought they are okay to lose their loyal customer. Awful experience. Please stay away from them. 
  Shortly after take-off there were three successive loud explosions coming from the left engine, sending shock waves through the plane. Flames were shooting from the engine, flame coloured smoke was passing the plane. The passengers were horrified but kept calm. The plane settled and all seemed normal. Flight attendants kept out of sight and did not make or were unable to make any announcement. Shortly thereafter the pilot spoke for the first time and advised, that due to a technical problem at take-off we would have to return to Istanbul. Some time later the pilot spoke for a second time and announced that we would have to stay in the air for about two hours to use up fuel. At this stage the passengers expected an emergency landing. There was no further announcement from the pilot or any attempt from the crew to calm passengers. We stayed in the air for four hours, the plane in darkened mode. Crew came around once to pass water to passengers. After this ordeal the plane landed smoothly. Passengers were put in a departure hall. Passengers needed answers and the ground staff barely coped with this situation and there is an obvious need for training here. A message, that a plane would be available for take-off at 11:00, was eventually conveyed to passengers by staff.
  Horrible customer service. I called in advance to check COVID-19 pre-requirement for traveling, all provided information were wrong so I couldn't fly. Tried to reschedule a flight, they made me to open a feedback case. Finally after speaking with 4 agents they accepted me to pay no show fee and reschedule flight. After 7 days I got answer to my feedback of course no errors on their side, but they didn't have even my name correct. The good thing is that plane between Toronto and Istanbul was almost empty so i could sleep.
  Good ground and check-in staff in Bishkek. Breakfast tasty but quantity minimal for 6 hours flight. It was more than a snack than a meal. Seats are comfortable, plane was clean (including windows). The interactive map is responsive, detailed and well thought out unlike some older TK iterations The main issue was the Wi-fi. Supposedly TK existing members and new members get 10 MB free. That was next to impossible. Either as an existing or a new customer. The only option that was working (perfectly!) was to purchase the Wi-fi package. However, that didn't work for me either since they accept credit cards only. That detail albeit minimal left a very bad impression. Why even link the Wi-Fi to a certain membership/seat number instead of a device MAC address? The staff on the flight were trying their best. Unlike on some previous flights they all spoke at least some intermediary English. But there again, while checking for masks five times throughout the cabin, they couldn't take away my tray of rubbish all the way until landing. Extremely weak usb port. Transfer in IST can be extremely tedious due to the lack of sitting space and enormous times of walking between gates (sometimes up to half an hour or more). All in all Turkish Airlines isn't worth a premium and would recommend them only if you find a great price.
 Greeting entering the aircraft was indifferent, there was neither a welcome drink nor warm towel. Hard product (B787 & A321) was good but semi cleaned. On our flight from ATH-IST window was very dirty. All flights were on time. Crew were not professional. In the flight IST-BOG-PTY where an 1 hour stop-over in BOG where passengers were staying in the aircraft, crew were screaming rudely to the economy class passengers to remain to their seats, thank goodness they did not say the same to the business class customers. Food was good but similar to our 4 flights, crew was unaware of Chablis or Porto wines unless you asked for French white or Portuguese wine. Out of the 6 crews that we encountered, one member on the PTY-IST flight was exceptional. Thank you for the personalized service that she offered to the passengers on the left side of the aircraft. Amenities kit was ok. IFE is outdated and most of the movies are boring. Unless you buy your ticket from their site, you cannot select your seat (even in business), you have to go to your local airport and ask the people at the airport office to do it for you, city office is not working due to covid only e-mail.
  This is by far the worst most disgusting customer service, advantage taking. No accountability for their mistakes, even after accepting system glitch. No option to speak with supervisor, false promises, no communication after ensuring call back.  My dad has to come back home to US for medical attention, they refunded his ticket without permission, so called agents mistake. Forced to charge extra $1,700 one way, and their only response was “sorry for mistake, but there’s nothing we can do”. 
  The equipment and service on board is decent, however, customer service is unacceptable. While being abroad with Turkish, I suddenly needed to com back home because of my parent’s death to take care of the last farewell. I asked Turkish Airlines to rebook me to the earliest flight home. The airline requested various documents to prove the circumstances. I provided documents, which, however, have not been accepted as not sufficient. You might imagine how likely you are to get a full documentation while being abroad and in such a stressful moment. The flight availability was also not an issue. The airline had places on board of earlier flights but they were not flexible at all and denied any help, although it was not a cost for them. Overall, they seemed to be very bureaucratic, zero understanding of the circumstances, zero compassion. It was really very depressing experience, considering the situation I was in. Eventually, I was forced to book another ticket with other airline to return home ASAP. Moreover, I needed to separate from the rest of my family who was travelling with me, as I could not afford to fly everyone home at such a short notice, with very high ticket prices.
  The only reason I have to use Turkish Airlines on this route is when the Aegean Airlines flight is full. Check in is carried out with the usual air of indifference. Covid compliance checks carried out efficiently by airport personnel at Athens Airport. Greeted at aircraft door by mask wearing crew upon boarding. Not overly friendly. Clean aircraft outside, but not inside. Announcements from cockpit pre departure given in very poor English. Difficult to understand. On time departure. Offered bottled water and individually wrapped cake by cabin crew who looked very disinterested and have a poor command of the English language. Landed early in to the monstrosity of Istanbul Airport. A huge and unnecessary complex. Turkish Airlines ground staff no here to be seen. Not a pleasant experience, thank goodness it's such a short flight.
 SOF-AMS and BER-SOF via IST. Best European business class product. Turkish has resumed full service in Business class on the shortest intra-European routes (SOF-IST). The cabin staff was happy to provide their top-notch service,  with high quality food and beverages provided. The hard-product on the short and medium-haul flights is unbeatable. A designated Business class section with comfortable business class seats. No other airline in Europe would offer a lay-flat seat on a 3 hour flight. Transfers at the IST airport are a pleasure, even if one needs to walk a bit further than usual. The TK lounge at IST puts the other European competitors to shame. Only notable issue during this trip was the ground experience at the new Berlin airport - for some reason TK business/elite do not qualify for priority security checks (only LH group airlines do). The security check was long and disorganized.
  Great service and food.  Flight attendants helpful. Got my special meal with gluten free buns. Had dinner in a 2 hour flight, and 2 meals on a long 13 hour flight.
  My family and I arrived from Istanbul to Houston to take our final connection flight to Austin with United Airlines that was booked through Turkish Airlines. When we got to United Airlines counter, they informed us that our flight UA6159 that is indicated in the Turkish Airlines booking references doesn't exist. I asked United if they can issue a refund for us, but they advised that only Turkish Airlines can issue this refund since they were the ones who booked it. I reached out to Turkish Airline via emails and phone call but they never replied and never issued any refund although it's their fault. 
  The seat is comfortable, the personal entertainment was the perfect screen size, the airplane new, the food delicious and the service above and beyond! They offer an amenity kit and a hygiene kit.  Overall an excellent job and a great thanks to the cabin crew that were just exceptional and hard working.
  This is my first time travelling on board Turkish Airlines and I have to say I was impressed by the service, the aircraft and the value. The service was exceptional, the food was delicious and the flight was beyond anything I had expected.
  Got ripped 700 Euros overall. Had a flight to my home country (I know their covid regulations, have a lot of relatives and friends flying in and out). The airlines didn't accept my covid test (asking for another type of test), but also yelled at me and didn't even provide a possibility of rebooking the flights for a later date. Lost even my flight back money as well. 
  They will do anything not to refund your money, it took them 3 weeks to investigate my issue after i called them every single day for 1-2 hours, sending them emails and feedbacks! They refused to do so for the first 10 days, but after my persistence, they issued me a ticket which I couldn't use due to their customer service incompetency! They didn't provide me with the required information when I told them that I won't catch the first flight but I will only be catching the second flight since I have already booked a different ticket, not one person from their customer service told me that it wont be possible to do so, so I had to book another ticket on another airlines after being stranded in the Turkish airport for 30 Hours! Turkish Airlines staff at the airport were very RUDE and refused to provide any help by telling me "then contact the feedback department" when i explained my situation! I have been sending them emails for 2 weeks to issue a refund and they are still refusing to acknowledge that it was their fault and are refusing to refund my money! 
  This company really sucks. They monopolize the air service. Prices almost doubled, cat transportation costs enormous $580 instead of $200 with Lufthansa. They just took $340 for a basinet seat for our infant, said this amount is not refundable and after that they couldn't confirm that we got the seat. One of the cashiers promised the basinet seat for us, printed our tickets and we had regular seats. 
  I was under impression no alcohol would be served to economy class, however, our flight did serve alcohol. Food on the way there was not good, however, returning flight (which also included alcohol for economy) was much better and closer to how I remember it being many years ago. When we boarded, our seating area hadn't been cleaned and there was trash from the prior flight in the storage area where the magazines and safety pamphlets are stored. Upon telling the stewardess about this she cleaned it up and proceeded to give my wife and I a bottle of wine each before we had taken off. Small things like this go a long way!
  Stay away from Turkish Airlines. They will do whatever they can not to refund your money even the issue is caused by them. Customer service is a joke. They will hang up to phone on your face. We are a victim of Turkish Airlines and they won’t refund our money, all they say is they would postpone the ticket to a further date and if the price of a ticket is more than the original one, we still have to pay for the difference even though it is not our fault at all.
  A flight attendant dropped hot coffee on my leg as he was rushing. He went and come back after 2/3 minutes with some napkins (tissue) and ask me to wipe my pant with the napkins. The whole time in flight I had to travel with a wet pant. There was no apologies for that. My experience was not good flying this airline. The flight attendants are rude with the passengers.
  I will not fly this airline again. I booked two business tickets one for my father who has Alzheimer’s and one for myself. It was important for us to fly business class so that I can better help my father during the flight as he does not do well in crowded situations. Unfortunately while in Greece, my mother ended up in the hospital and ICU. I needed to fly back with my dad early to be with my mother. Turkish Air gave us no concession, even with the proof of hospitalization. They attempted to charge us an extra $3000 apiece to fly home one way. It was also impossible to communicate with the ticketing office during the weekend. We waited the extra day and my mother subsequently died in the hospital without us present. The airline is heartless. During the flight home, despite the fact that I informed every flight attendant of my dad’s condition, they were rude to him when interacting with him. None of the attendants Ever circulated in order to see if customers needed anything. Not a business class experience. Although the airport in Istanbul is beautiful, it is too large and unwieldy. I prefer Athens airport because it is smaller, has beautiful amenities and is very simple to navigate.
  We booked Turkish Airlines for our vacation in Turkey. To our surprise the flight was delayed due to mishandling of customers at the airport by the staff. The staff on ground was really mean, rude and had no ideas how to handle the customers. After not communication correctly multiple times about the check in counter, staff was yelling at the customers and not giving proper guidance about where to go. When asked about that, their responses were really mean. Staff behavior felt like we were traveling for free. Due to mismanagement, flight was delayed for more than 2 hours and they never apologized for that. In flight features and services were really bad including the seats which were really compact compared to normal Turkish Airline seat. This is probably because the carrier was from AnadoluJet. Had we known we would have not selected this and paid this much money for the ticket. Meal provided by Turkish during the flight is still the same COVID friendly bag which is good for nothing, whereas the other airlines are now back to their original meal options. We had the worst experience of traveling with Turkish Airlines.
  The first time they could not accommodate my date change. So they made me purchase a whole new ticket for my daughter and me in the promise of refunding my previous ticket. Never happened! They have this system in place where I could leave feedback which I did with no help just more and more excuses as to why I was not entitled to the refund. I entered the wrong Surname for my daughter because I kept my maiden name and I immediately sent her passport info to this "feedback" system. They told me I had to purchase another ticket for my daughter with the same promise of a refund! I was $3,000 in the hole and got angrier by the minute when I saw Expedia flights $2,000 cheaper for the same route. In total I called and spoke to 10 people with no success. I will never fly them again they are rude.
  This is the first time I traveled with Turkish Airlines. The plane I flew looked dated and the business class seat offered no privacy. They had nothing like the booth shape we see on modern airlines. Foodwise, it was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Definitely not at the level of Air France's business class. Inflight entertainment system was ok but movie selection all dated back to 2020.
  I would rather write a nasty review than try yet again to get compensation for my lost luggage. The fact that this airline is still running and is 3 stars is very very generous. They have no morals and rip people off right and left, apparently (I see many similar reviews). I will never use them again. They don't deserve to be trusted. They lost my luggage and are now giving me the run around. 
  Today I had one of the worst experiences on an airplane. My gf was suppose to meet me via connecting flight which her flight was delayed from a different city. As I was boarding the plane I asked the cabin Crew that my girlfriend was waiting at the gate could you please let her in. Everyone on the plane was still putting away there luggage. All of sudden they didn't understand what I was saying as of a result my girlfriend had to spend 24 hours at the airport and couldn't leave the airport due to covid restriction. They wouldn't allow me to get off either as my luggage was now on the plane. I would never use this airline again.
  I bought a very cheap return flight from HKG to CDG via IST for my summer holiday. There was one minor schedule change before the outbound flight but this wasn't inconvenient (departure was brought forward by 40 minutes). Document checks at the check-in counter and the gate were efficient. Upon boarding the aircraft, the crew handed out a Covid hygiene kit that included a quality face mask, small bottle of gel and some wipes. Turkish Airlines is making a big play of its safety precautions, with dedicated videos and the kit. The crew were professional and friendly. Dinner and breakfast were very good - main meals come with a small serving of hummus, which is very pleasant. Transfer at Istanbul airport was easy and worry-free. The IST-CDG flight was packed, but service standards were still good. On the basis of flights flown, Turkish Airlines didn't disappoint. My return flight scheduled on August 7 was first subject to a "schedule change" to August 22 four days before departure and then cancelled altogether, which obliged me to make alternative arrangements - which I was going to do anyway to navigate the constantly changing Hong Kong entry and quarantine requirements. Hopefully there will be a partial refund at some stage.
 This is my 5th time to fly Turkish. There have been some small improvements over the years however they are still far from being the “excellent to rated airline” as they advertise themselves to be. No one helped us upon boarding. The overhead bids were full of the bedding sets they put on. When I inquired were to put my stuff the flight attendant said to find another bin. I ended up moving the bedding supplies as 2 flight attendants watched. During flight no one was walking around to see if anyone needed anything. They were collected in the galley chatting. No toilet paper was in one of the toilets. Seats are not comfortable. They are flat beds but quite narrow. I always try to fly Star Alliance but do my utmost to avoid Turkish Airlines. It will be many years before I attempt another flight with them.
  Flew Mexico to Sarajevo in Business class with wife, one infant of 2.5 years old and a baby of 8 months. I don't have enough words to praise the cabin crew on the plane itself. They went out of their way to make the trip a really amazing experience. Nevertheless, the ground experience is by far the worse I've ever had with any airline in my life and I normally fly economy only. We were entitled 6 pieces of hand luggage of 8kg (a total of 48kg). Since we had a baby with us and an infant to take care of, we took 3 pieces of carry luggage of 8, 12 and 12kg (32kg) and no other personal items. The ground agent insisted that the 12 and 12kg be separated into one additional bag, which we didn't have with us. The baby started crying and the infant was restless, so fighting the kids and the ground crew of Turkish Airlines I had to remove the baby food from the carry on (around 2.5kg), baby blanket for the plane and some other items which were then tagged separately and we had to carry them through the airport like that. Also, they did not respect the seat reservations we had, since they say that they reserve the right to move people around the plane which ended up with us not sitting together for the final leg of the journey. Not something one would expect from a business class service since whoever has carried a baby through the airport knows what it comes down to running with two kids and a couple of loose items. (a picture of the tagged items attached) Previously I have flown with children on Lufthansa (where three of us had only one hand luggage weighing 11kg) and on Austrian, Aeromexico, LOT and we never had such issues although we always flew economy. Landing at the airport in Istanbul, going through the security there are signs that there is a separate line for families with children, but it doesn't exist and instead there is one line for everyone. The lounge was overcrowded to such an extent that there were long lines for the bathroom. An amazing flight experience with a terrible ground crew.
  Check-in process is functional but lacks any polite interaction with the passenger. Boarding is the usual scramble with people trying to push in. Greeted at door, nothing special, clean aircraft outside, inside not so clean. On time departure, announcements from flight deck in very poor English. The usual can't be bothered attitude from cabin crew. Seats close together in Economy, limited legroom. A poor service from Turkish Airlines. Not recommended.
 Turkish Airlines is by far the best airline ever! I have flown with British Airways, Qatar Airways, Singapore Airlines and American Airlines and none of them are as good as Turkish Airlines. I am talking about economy class. They gave you a great cute bag of amenities, it is almost the same as the bags that Ipsy gives (for people who don't know know, Ipsy is a make-up subscription). Inside, there is a toothbrush, toothpaste, socks, lipstick (a good brand), eye patches for sleeping and hand cream. Their economy class bathrooms are just like first-class. They give pillows and blankets. They offer several newspapers in the entrance. The seats are very comfortable. The staff are friendly. The TV and shows are great and there are many movies. The food is plenty and delicious. They give you free food and water anytime you want. They always do this on long-haul flights (I flew recently). Regarding the short-haul flight (its been a while), they used to give food and amenities as well. I don't know whether it changed. British Airways sell food on short haul and they don't give amenity kits to short-haul passengers at all (I don't know about long-haul). I think the people who wrote bad comments about Turkish Airlines mostly flew with Business or First Class as there is not much difference between economy and these classes compared to other airways. 
  This is pretty interesting. This is my second time visiting Turkey and I am not sure there will be a third if I have to fly Turkish Airline. I made it clear to the airline that I have a broken leg and needed a wheel chair. I got to Istanbul and was waiting to be transported by my terminal which was approximately 30 minutes walk with a broken leg. Turkish Airlines have not even acted like there was a problem when they saw me hopping and rushing so that I didn't missed my flight.  This is unacceptable and not a good business model. 
  Worst airline ever. I booked a flight with them for my whole family. I also booked my dog. 1 week before the flight they changed the aeroplane size and they told me I can’t fly my dog anymore. I was so upset but I decided to find another airline and when I asked for my money back they told me they can’t give me it all back and kept $1300 for penalties. It wasn’t my fault they booked me with my dog then decided to change the aeroplane. They are horrible stealing from people when it’s their fault they changed the aeroplane size and now left me with -1300 on my card and having to find a new aeroplane in a week that would take my dog. Shame on you doing this to travellers. They lost a forever client.
  The worst airline on the planet: Only get your ticket and don't ask for anything because you won't get it. We paid for extra legroom seats almost $500 extra and we did not get them. We paid to select our seats and they gave us different seats. We asked for the bassinet and we did not get it. We called to ask for the weight of the suitcases and they told us 30 kilo per bag when we get there they say it's actually 23 kilos. They don't care that they gave us the wrong information, They fined us for each bag. They said sorry we don't have extra leg room seats left. Are you kidding me? You already know how many extra legroom seats you have and to how many people did you sell those? Turkish Airlines is a thief and wants your money. They have the most horrible customer service and you will never see your money back. Don't waste your time asking for a refund. 
  Worst airline I have flown with! No customer care, expensive tickets that do not match the service provided, awful food, uncomfortable seats will no leg room. They will not refund your ticket. Never had such a bad experience with another airline. 
  Horrible experience with Turkish Airlines ground staff. The worse customer service. We were Flying from Ljubljana via Istanbul to Qatar with layover in Istanbul for 12:05h. When I went to customer service information desk and inquire about my entitlement for the layover time the agent was very rude and she told me that my layover is only 11:45h and I only can get a food vouchers. I try to prove that she is wrong but she refuse to listen to me and she stand up and start argument with me asking me what is my problem. My husband who stood behind start to record her behavior as well the behavior of the supervisor who I ask to speak with. The supervisor refuse to talk to me and she literally send out of the counter two man who came to my husband face and start to threaten to us “if you don’t erase immediately video they will call police and as well we will deboard you from next flight”. They not only push in to my husband face they did the same with me and make our child cry who was terrified watching the scene. One of the man ask me for the flight tickets and when I handed over to him he rip them ... there was a lot going on until we decide to erase video that capture their misbehavior. 
  I would like to thank the Manila ticketing staff because she gave me the email address where i can tell my problem. After my email to them. They respond so quickly and they give me hope that they will try to find. Everyday, they gave me updates. until the day that they email me that my passengers have confirm slots.  Thank you for the assistance that you rendered to me.
  Turkish Airlines canceled my flight was on 3 August 21 it was direct flight to Dublin they changed it on 11 aug 21 it was 36 hours duration. I asked while talking on the phone “they will provide me hotel in the airport "he said yes if you have stay over 12 hours you will get hotel". When I reached at Istanbul they denied to provide me hotel and also gave me meal voucher (one time use only) with 2 pieces of chicken and yogurt, I stayed at airport 24 hours, but they didn’t care, staff was very rude.
  They lack trained professionals that know how to respond to customers needs and then when issues arise, they treat their customers with the utmost disdain and lack of professionalism. My family and I had tickets to travel from Bucharest to Chicago. We had all the required paperwork - passports and visas, covid tests, purchased plane tickets, we had verified the validity of our travel documents with the US Consulate in Romania, with Turkish Airlines themselves, checked ALL the requirements online including on Turkish Airlines website, IATAs website, US embassy’s website and had everything in order. Turkish airlines flew us from Bucharest to Istanbul on the first leg of the flight without any issues whatsoever. Then after waiting 7 hours in Istanbul to board the flight to Chicago, they decided to deny us boarding, claiming that they “called the US Customs in Chicago” and they are denying us. We also called the US Customs in Chicago within minutes and they  assured us that Turkish had not called them and that’s not the procedure. They refused to work with us on a solution to fly us back to our country, we were stranded in the airport in Istanbul for hours. We had to purchase tickets to return home, since Turkish could not care less about what should happen to us. It’s been weeks trying to deal with their inexistent, unqualified customer service and they keep claiming that it’s US who denied us. They refuse to show any proof of such denial.
  I have used the airline multiple times without any major problems. The only issue that I had was that their website always had many bugs on it and occasionally I would need to resubmit the information several times before it actually works. But that didn't affect the flight experience. But this all changed recently. The airline has refused to give me the specific seats that I have paid for in advance. Not only that, but they have also refused to issue a refund on those seat purchases. Essentially, their customer services are no better than a low-coster. I bought tickets for Male - Istanbul flight and paid extra for specific seats (24J and 24K) to make sure I sit next to my girlfriend on that flight. And I specifically chose the seats with extra leg room, which are the most expensive seats in Economy class. However, despite the fact that I have paid in advance for the specific seats on that flight, we have been denied access to the seat 24K. That seat was allocated to someone else. Essentially, I have been denied the specific service I have paid for. Because we wanted to sit together, neither me nor my girlfriend got the seats we paid for. Instead, once the boarding has been completed, we have been moved to inferior seats in the middle of the cabin, as those were the only ones available. I have made three attempts to contact the company and get a refund. First time, they said they didn't wan to hear about my complain, because I need to do it through the online form and not by sending an email to them. Second time, they refused to deal with it, claiming that I haven't put some specific reference number in the text that wasn't even mentioned in the instruction. That was despite the fact that I have put enough information to make me easily identifiable as a passenger. Third time, when I have included every reference number I could find, I have received a refusal to issue a refund. It took me a while to understand what the reply actually said, as it used really awful English grammar, but they claimed that those substandard seats were equivalent to the ones I purchased. But they were not, as isle middle isle seats and window seats are very different and had different amount of leg room. Also, the customer representative has claimed that, even with the change, me and my girlfriend were still issued seats together. I don't know if they realise it, but having an isle between our seats is definitely NOT classed as seating together! I will still consider all the options for getting the refund. I've paid over £125 for those seats that I was refused to be given, so I will consider making a complaint to relevant authorities or even contacting my bank for a chargeback. And I will not tolerate such a behaviour from an airline that doesn't present itself as a low-cost. Turkish Airlines is not the only airline that flies to Maldives, Bali, Seychelles or Thailand that I visit at least once a year. Etihad, Emirates and Qatar do it too. 
  The absolute worst customer service i've ever had the misfortune of dealing with. After booking a ticket online which was booked as being changable though not refundable, and booking an extra empty seat, when trying to change my flight date i could no longer do it online because of the extra seat, which i booked ONLINE so no idea why they sell it if they cant then handle the rest of the customer journey. Then when i called customer service, the first person told me the system was down, the next 2 people told me there's nothing they could do and suggested i call the local sales office, while I'm in a country with no local sales office, where my flight origin has no email or telephone number for that sales office, and where the country I'm landing in has no published sales office. So there's absolutely no one for me to call. And then after messaging them on twitter, again absolutely no help, where they told me to call customer service, and then to call the local sales office again. My flight is Monday, all sales offices are closed on the weekend anyway even if i wanted to call, and now I'm forced to buy a new ticket or to exit the airport during my transit and try to deal with what will most likely be a sales office who are just as useless as everyone else has been so far. So far the worst experience i've ever had dealing with an airline, and in all honesty i would never fly with them again if i had a choice.
  I reserved a booking for 40 dollars for the 3rd September 2021. When I tried to pay online, it gave me an error message. When I called customer support, they charged me an extra 100 dollars, saying it's pretty much not their problem and it's a service charge for them helping me pay for a ticket I already reserved for a set price. I paid and then called back, and they said the payment did not go through even though it left my bank. I have used Turkish Airlines 5 times before, and this is the last time. When I asked them about my refund of the 40 dollars, they said I had to make a complaint online. Bad customer support, bad systems and a bad company.  They also don't understand English or Russian fully. I spoke to them on the phone for 50 minutes, trying to talk to them in Russian and English, and they had difficulty understanding. I initially flew to Kazakstan with Air Astana and just booked tickets back with them.
  I booked my ticket to fly from Vancouver to Singapore and the from Singapore, my transit was on a different itinerary from Singapore to Papua New Guinea. I was denied boarding in Turkey, reason being that if I want to transit in Singapore, I have to transit to Singapore Airlines and not any other airlines. I was stranded there for 2 days, The options they gave me was to change my flight in Singapore from Air Niugini to Singapore or go back to Canada, I explained to them that Singapore Airlines don't go to my country, they said that's the only option if you want to go to your country. I just said, give me another ticket back to Canada, they did after 10 hours. Thank God, my PCR test was still valid so I can travel back to Canada. Their customer service is the worst in the world. You cannot talk to them, they are useless.
  Let's start with the positive: Outbound: LUX-IST-ADB: Great in-flight experience. Fantastic food, great selection of drinks and friendly staff. Great domestic lounge bus shuttle service from gate to plane. Inbound: ADB-IST-LUX: Nice lounge at Izmir airport, perfect experience from Lounge to plane by bus, no need to wait in any queues at the airport. Again fantastic food selection and great service during the flight from IST to LUX. What was not so good: Total chaotic boarding at Luxembourg airport. no priority boarding, no social distancing! At Istanbul airport, there were no fast track transfer desks at all for both ways. I had to walk outside the airport pass the luggage claim, then walk back inside the terminal through the check-in area in order to get to a fast track zone! Return in Luxembourg: No priority luggage claim at all, all economy passengers received their luggage ahead of every single business class passenger! I could live with the somehow bad experience at airports et cetera, it is still quite chaotic considering the fact that were in the middle of a pandemic but I cannot accept the attitude from Turkish Airlines Customer service after I complained to them! I received a basic computer generated mail in which they talk about how they take safety very serious and that I can use their website to see all their guidelines in place! Then about the fast track, they do not take any responsibility just stating that it is the airport's responsibility to handle that and I could contact them to complain there. They did not even bother to give a comment on the luggage, I just received a link about lost, damaged and delayed baggage!  It is not only the inflight service and experience that counts but also the whole trip from door to door! And blaming everything on a pandemic is an easy way to avoid taking responsibility!
  I have 500 CHF on two open tickets and I'm unable to reuse them for new flights. Turkish Airlines lost all my trust and I regret being their customer. They are robbing money from me and the call center is absolutely useless and unresponsive. We made 2 tickets in March 2021 from GVA to IST (round-trip), which we had to convert to open tickets because of COVID restrictions. Since May, we are trying again and again to call and use the two open tickets to schedule new flights, and each single time it's impossible. I have open two feedbacks in May that went nowhere. They didn't call me or solved the problem and they even lied telling me they could not find the recordings of my calls (despite me giving proof of at least 10 calls in few days). Fast forward to these days, we still are unable to use these tickets. I have called again (three times) and every time the issue is unsolved. My open tickets cannot be used. And each time a customer representative gives me a different answer. They lie and bounce the issue from one to another. They are a mess and their complicated customer support system is created to screw customers. There is no transparency (they don't send confirmation emails when you perform such transactions) and they take advantage of this. Now they asked me to open another feedback, which I did but I have lost all my trust. I know that money is lost.
  We are living a nightmare with this company. My parents and my niece (5 years old) were supposed to fly Cluj-Istanbul-Chicago in July 26th 2021. They flew from Cluj to Istanbul, waited there 6.55 hours to board to Chicago. When they were about to enter the plane people from the gate took their tickets and passports, without any explanation, and they weren't allowed to enter the plane. So, I called them and they said they got orders from Chicago Airport not to allow my parents to enter the US.  We contacted the US Custom Border Protection and they said there is no restrictions for people that come from Romania, like my parents. My parents waited 30 hours in the airport to find a solution and then they had to buy a ticket to fly back to Cluj. We've been trying to find a solution to this mess for 3 days. Turkish airline gave us answers like “check the US restrictions” which we did and there is no restrictions for us. They don't answer the question why didn't they allow my parents to go to Chicago. Their call center people said they don't have access to see or do more than that. The truth is that they didn't know Romania is not in the Schengen Area, and somebody made a huge mistake. We are still waiting the answer to our 15 calls and 5 complaints.
  If you are flying to Turkey from within the United States and vice versa I would not recommend Turkish Airlines unless you are flying out of one of their main hub airports like LAX, SFO or JFK. This is the fourth time in a row we have flown with Turkish Airlines where some portion of the domestic leg of our trip had a cancellation or delays with domestic carriers that Turkish Airlines does not take any responsibility for although we paid them for those flights. They also don't provide notice when the domestic carrier makes scheduling changes. This years debacle involved Turkish Airlines booking a connecting flight on Alaska Airlines from our home town to LAX where we were to board the Turkish Airlines flight to Istanbul. This flight was so delayed we had to book a separate flight on another carrier and then pick up and transfer our bags once we reached LAX in order to catch the Istanbul flight. When we contacted Turkish Airlines about this on the day of the delay they told us there was nothing they could do about it until the end of our trip. Now at the end of our trip I contacted Alaska Airlines who report that Turkish Airlines did not pay them for those tickets, and when I contact Turkish Airlines about getting reimbursed for the flight we paid for and never used I am getting the royal runaround. I have been flying with Turkish Airlines for more than 20 years, and although I have known for years that their customer service is absolutely lacking in anything resembling service things have gotten worse. I would recommend Lufthansa, United or American. The food is not as good as on Turkish Airlines but you will experience less headaches. Also, I would highly recommend Alaska Airlines. Although this was not at all their problem as this was a Turkish Airlines service failure, all of the Alaska Airlines employees we worked with were incredibly courteous, helpful and generous in helping me on the day of the trip and at the end as I seek to get a refund for the tickets we never used.
  In Kiev we were registered without any problems for a flight to Vancouver with a transfer in Istanbul. However, apparently the company is guilty of overbooking, of which my son and I became a victim, and, as a result, our 15-hour flight lasted for three days. In Istanbul, the airline gave us an obscure background check on the reasons for entering Canada for my son, who has a valid student visa and study permit. Still in an atmosphere of terrible nervousness, because the check was carried out in the last minutes before going on the plane. In the end, we were allowed to board the plane, but by that time the exit was already closed, the landing was over, and the plane flew to Vancouver without us. There were about 10 people like us on this flight, some returned to Kiev, and some, like us, agreed to fly to Vancouver on the next flight every other day. The fact that all this was not accidental, namely with the aim of weeding out excess passengers, is evidenced by the fact that our luggage did not fly to Vancouver, but somehow also remained in Istanbul. And upon arrival in Canada, it turned out that the question that interested Turkish Airline so much was not at all relevant for the Canadian border guards, since they did not contain any comments regarding the grounds for entering the country. Since we had to wait two days in Istanbul for the next flight, there was a question about the hotel. The airline refused to put us in a hotel. Therefore, we had to pay for accommodation and food in Istanbul out of our own pocket. Although, the legislation in such cases stipulates that the airline must provide such passengers with accommodation and three meals a day and even communication. However, any attempts to prove something were threatened to deprive us of even those tickets for the next flight that we were promised. To top it all off, upon claiming luggage in Vancouver, it turned out that three of our four suitcases were destroyed, broken, torn apart, that is, beyond repair. The day after the flight, I filed a complaint about the suitcases on the airline's website, as well as a complaint demanding to reimburse the cost of the hotel and food in Istanbul, as well as to pay compensation prescribed by law. However, the airline ignored my requests, which left me no choice but to go to court.
  We were stuck in a traffic for 2 hours due to a burning vehicle on a highway. We still arrived at the airport 1 hour before departure and they would not let us go to the gate. After, we have been on the phone with them for 12 hours the next day and they said they can change our plane for $8,900 when I originally bought it for $4,600. 
  Unfortunately we witnessed the constant deterioration of services of Turkish Airlines. The cabin staff barely speaks English, do not keep an eye on the clients, the food and especially the drinks are under the services offered 3 years ago. Our overall experience is that they cut costs by eliminating entire categories of drinks, food and in flight entertainment. We only fly with them because we do not have another option from our location.
 The flight Vancouver-Istanbul was 52 minutes delayed. I was told I had to get my boarding pass printed in Istanbul. We arrived at gate at 15.47. According to signs, it is 33 minutes straight to the gate. Boarding was at 16.05. I had to go to the Service desk to get boarding pass re-printed. The clerk went to the back and was gone for about 20 mins. Reasons unknown. Then I had to wait in security again which took another 20 minutes. I ran and got to the gate at 17.05 but nobody was there. Plane was still there. Went to TA customer service desk where they took about 30 mins to write information down and sent me to another desk. I was then informed I will have to re-book flight leaving in the morning and pay for another ticket. I tried to call customer support in Canada, US, UK, Turkey but nobody picked up. The staff in Istanbul quoted me 180 USD for TL1237 next day, which I was forced to pay in order to get out of Istanbul. I had no wifi but when I checked online later, the same flight was Cad$ 150 (about 50% cheaper). This seems like a gross exploitation of travelers in an already vulnerable situation. I was so exhausted by the long flight and stress, I collapsed on the floor. I spent a total of about 7 hrs from time I landed to the time I checked into a hotel. I had not eaten for about 10 hrs by that time. Horribly incompetent and unhelpful staff in Istanbul. The requirement to pay again for an overpriced ticket in Istanbul is outrageous as I already paid for an entire ticket all the way to Vienna. Especially when the delay was caused by actions of Turkish Airlines. This is crooked business practices taking advantage of travelers who are stuck at the airport.
  Worst airline ever. We were departing from LAX, supposed to layover in Istanbul, then fly to Amman. During the flight we had to emergency land and the crew would not inform us of what happened. We were already 3-4 hours into the flight and they wanted to fly us back to LAX even though we were over Chicago. Later they told us the window by the pilots had a crack in it, so for safety we were going to emergency land and apparently this is a common issue with their planes. After everyone on the plane was asking to land in Chicago because we were flying over it, they instead landed and stranded us in JFK airport in New York. The crew was going to inform us what to do as the plane landed but never did. 300 people were stuck at JFK and we all had to go to one small terminal in an enclosed space and retrieve all our luggage. This happened around 5AM. It took almost 3 hours to get my family's luggage. Then we had to wait outside for another 3-4 hours to wait for small shuttles that can only fit about one family to take us to a hotel. We ended up booking at a nearby hotel and took an Uber, otherwise we would have to wait even longer in the cold. When my wife and I tried to contact the Turkish Airlines helpline and JFK they were extremely rude and closed the phone multiple times in our faces. We were stuck in New York for 18 hours. Finally, I was able to book a flight for 11pm after countless attempts of trying to get help. We ended up spending $600 in New York because Turkish Airlines refused to help us. $90 for the Uber to and from the hotel which was 10 minutes away. $400 for the hotel. Additional costs for food and another Uber ride ($90) to the airport and back to the hotel trying to get the airline to book us a new flight. We lost an entire day due to Turkish Airlines' negligence. They're extremely rude and don't communicate. Also, I had paid extra to have seats with more legroom. Once we got on the flight our seats weren't where they were supposed to be. We realized they changed the plane without informing us. I talked to a crew member and compared emails of our flight to show this was the case and they confirmed it. So, we lost more money there too. Just now I was trying to delay my return flight (back to LAX) for another week. I called Expedia and they could not help because of Turkish Airlines restrictions and told me to call them. So, I called Turkish Airlines 800 number and the man on the phone was very rude and dismissed any questions I had. He said I had to contact the JFK office to change my flight because when we were stuck in New York, we booked a new ticket (not sure how that’s connected). Even though Turkish Airlines messed up my flight, I had to contact JFK. So he gave me an email address and told me to email them for help. I did and asked to delay my flight. The email bounced back stating I wasn’t an “authenticated sender”. Very frustrating experience!
  Four flights on this airline and not one was able to get out on time, especially since they seem more concerned with cargo than passengers or luggage. O'Hare was the worst location both ways ... over an hour at the gate after departure time due to loading cargo going out, making us late and almost everyone missing their connections in Istanbul. Coming into terminal 5, we had to wait for our luggage off the plane for 2.5 hours. Missed local transportation options twice in that time period (every 1.5 hours) and had to sit at Chicago for an additional hour and a half. Only positive was that they didn't balk at giving us a hotel room in Istanbul to wait out the 12 hours, though I doubt I will see my visa fee back to wait at said hotel. Oh yeah, and the customer service line doesn't pick up.
  Attracted me by the lowest price, I bought a round trip flight. Then due to the COVID situation in Brazil had to change my layover to Panama and their service told me I am good to go. Then just two hours before the flight boarding assistant told me I can't fly and have to call them. They were switching me back and forth to different operators and finally told me they can't help me and suggested to write a private feedback on the official site. Feedback review took a whole week, their response is nonsense: they apologized for a bad experience and told me I should call to code sharing partner, Copa Airlines, I didn't pay anything to them, I paid Turkish, not Copa.
  Horrible customer service. hardly anyone speaks English. I am supposed to fly out of Atlanta to Karachi. First they cancelled our flight than they asked us to call customer service or rebook our tickets to another date. Our initial date to fly out of Atlanta was July 13th, they cancelled it. Which I received an email, When I called their customer support. Called multiple times spoked to 4 or 5 individuals, was very hard to understand them, no clear directions or fixing the issue. I spoke to a lady that reissued our ticked to July 16th and said everything should be good now, But a week later When I went to their website and checked my flight information. I found out that she did not reissued our ticked instate she left the booking uncompleted and their is no way to change your tickets online.  I couldn't print my flight information and had to start contacting them again. 
  Horrific customer service dealings. My sister suppose to fly out of Karachi with her kids to attend our nephews wedding in Los Angeles. First they cancelled their flight than they forced them to book on July 14th flight and said that no other flights are available before 14th. After checking their website I have noticed that they had 4 flights were available before 11th. I contacted their corporate office multiple times and I was advised to wait until next day and they will fix this issue and rebook the family without penalizing them. They have wasted our time until July 6th and until all the flight before 14th are completely booked. I am still waiting for their call but it is too late because they don't have any seats available anymore. She and kids are going to miss the wedding now. Shame on them. Don't fly them. 
  I bought this ticket for my mom, we changed the ticket two times, first from June 28 to July 17 for $58, then from July 17 to June 28, first they told us over the phone that the difference is $145 and he gave me a reservation number and I should wait for their call to confirm it. After a couple days, I hadn't heard back from them and I called, after an hour waiting on the call, they said the ticket difference is $298. I said you told me $145 two days ago and now your price is this? and he said this is our new price, if you want to change your day, here is the price. The day of my mom's flight, I called to request unsalted food because she has high blood pressure and they don't have it on their menu .. finally, they got the flight after 2.5-3 hours delay without any apologies or providing water or snack for them.
  I booked my flight with Turkish Airlines in the summer of 2020. Due to COVID, they cancelled my flight 3 times. Eventually, I just took the voucher, planning to use it next year, and spent a $1000 on another airline for my current trip. So next year comes along, I try to book my ticket in the summer of 2021. They have only 2 flights a week. I spent hours on the website trying to find a flight within $1000. I cannot use the voucher online to pay for the ticket, even though it was issued to me directly by Turkish Airlines. Turkish Airlines doesn't pick up their phone half the time. I wasted around 20 hours on Turkish Airlines trying to find good flights on the website and then on the phone, trying to get a customer service agent to book my ticket online. When I have a flight reservation on hold that is within my budget, Turkish Airlines tells me they can't book my flight on the phone. When the reservation hold has expired, suddenly they can and tell me my options that cost me >$2,500. TLDR; They refuse to give me a refund and refuse to let me book with my voucher. 
  Worst airline ever, very unpleasant staff, not responsible and not helpful at all, especially in the sales office, not honest, absolutely careless . Impossible to reach them for help,
  This airline is an absolute nightmare. I do not recommend it to anyone. If you get a hold of customer service every single representative will have a different answer for you. I called to ask about changes to a flight for my husband and I together.  I only wanted to know the cost before booking. In the process the representative booked my husband's flight for a different date without permission. The call then dropped and I had no idea he did this. I waited for the representative to call back and he did not. I called back and told them my ticket number to find out "your husband's flight has been booked for July 6th now" I was shocked. I told them that I did not make this change and they told me to put in a feedback form complaint. For which I have not heard back. I told them I do not want the change. We want to fly together as per the July 10th flight. They made us pay more $$$ just to change the flight back to the original. If I did not pay $$$ within 72 hours they would cancel his flight and there would be no refund no nothing. This airline is so lost its unbelievable. They're all on different pages. Every time I call to get any kind of information they all give me different answers! Every time you call it is like a lottery system, you never know what the response will be. One person will tell you "You can change your flight for 3 dollars" while another person will say "The flight change will be $300 dollars." One person will say "Fully refundable you get all your money back" another will say "Penalty on each ticket". One person will say "Refund will process on to your card in 1 week". Another person will say "The refund will be only in cash and will take 2-3 months and you have to pick up." How will I pick up if I am leaving the country? Nothing adds up with this terrible company. I advise you to stay away. We are cancelling both my husband and my ticket although we will lose money just so we will not have to fly with this airline. We are even cancelling our Istanbul trip as I cannot stand traveling with these people or dealing with them anymore.
  The worst airline ever. The staff are rude and their online feedback and complain services also useless, with no useful feedback or response. The plane itself is ok but the service and staff are of the worst quality I have experienced  
  A short very early morning flight with full service. We received a tasty breakfast on a 2½ hour flight. Staff was friendly and professional, and very good service. The A321 neo we flew in was noticeably quieter than the regular one, the cabin seats comfortable. We landed in time at the new Istanbul Airport.
  The attitude problem begins at check-in. No smiles, cold reception, just going through the motions. Mask wearing cabin crew meeting passengers upon boarding, nothing special. Clean A321 on the outside. Delayed departure. Have travelled this route before and my first choice is ALWAYS Aegean Airlines and with good reason. Turkish customer service on this route is always below standard. Sometimes it's operated by a big B777 but it makes no difference, cabin crew always seem to have an attitude issue. Very poor service in the air matched by equally bad attitudes from Turkish staff upon arrival in IST. Huge airport, arrival gate miles from the exit. Not a good experience.
  I called Turkish Airlines office in Toronto to make reservation for my dog to fly with us to Istanbul. She was very professional, answered every question I had, complete the reservation explaining to me all the details. She also helped with Miles & Smiles. I am a frequent flyer with Turkish Airlines and will continue so. Service is great, staff always smile and enjoy serving us, food is number one in the world and unlimited drinks. I recommend everyone to experience exceptional service with Turkish Airlines. 
  Before I thought this is good airline, not anymore. During covid i have flown every month with it, sometimes business and sometimes economy. In economy they do not serve any alcohol but in business they do.
  This is the worst airline. The airline preponed my flight and I had 22 hrs transit in Istanbul. Above all, I accepted the offer because I had an emergency and I needed to fly anyway. They did not give any information beforehand, I tried to contact the service center and even went to the airport to find someone at the service desk if possible but it almost impossible to communicate with the airline. I tried to request the staff through telephone they convinced me that my request for a hotel room in Istanbul airport will be accepted. when I reached the airport for check-in they demanded that I need to apply for an e-visa that would cost 120€. I was about to miss my flight but the staff was so not cooperative even the person at the service desk was very rude. However, I finally managed to get on board. I expected to get a room in the airport Hotel in Istanbul, but my request was rejected. It was the worst experience spending time in Istanbul airport for 22 hrs. Maybe because I was an economy class passenger, they treated me so badly but I think it is someway their responsibility until I reach my destination. Those 22 hrs in Istanbul airport was a trauma for me. I would not recommend traveling with this airline.
  I have flown with Turkish Airlines over a 100 times in business and in economy and they have never disappointed me. Always great staff, great food, good inflight entertainment, free headphones and blankets, new planes except TK35. I highly recommend this airline.
 If you have an option not to fly Turkish, then please do. You will save your self a lot of money, time and effort wasted. I have booked a flight on Turkish with Transit time of 2 hours. 24 Hours before the departure time, they changed the transit flight and the transit time has become 26 hours instead of 2 and they did nothing in return to help me! I called the customer service and they confirmed to me that I will receive a hotel accommodation for my 26 hours transit time as soon as I arrive to Istanbul. I arrived to Istanbul, boom! There is no hotel accommodation for me! I had to stay in the airport for 26 hours suffering from noise and being tired and they did nothing to me. I filed a case and it took them 20 hours to review it! So they just wasted my money, my time and my efforts. Never do Turkish again! Also, be careful with the Hotel Office, they will do anything to not give you the hotel!
  I was supposed to travel with Turkish Airlines on 19 of May 2021. We were relocating together with my family. I was supposed to fly with Turkish Airlines together with my cat so she can fly in the cabin. My husband and twins were supposed to fly next day with Etihad Airways because its a day flight so children sleep will not be disrupted. It took me a while to organise everything. I am a citizen of Belarus, resident of UAE, wife of a Greek citizen and a mother of 2 Greek children. So according to Greece entry regulations i was allowed to enter. Yet i was denied boarding by TK ground staff. I was told that Thessaloniki airport police didnt give permission for me to fly. I wonder based on what... I had marriage certificate, birth certificates for my kids, explaining that we are relocating... I seriously wonder what kind of information was provided that i was denied to enter. The day before we were in Embassy of Greece to get my consent for my husband to travel with kids. No issues. The ground staff didn't even inform me that i will not be flying, he just left for boarding. So ones again - we are relocating. My bank account is closed, mobile phone disconnected. I had to urgently book flight for me with Etihad and arrange transportation for my cat with less then 24 hours notice. I had to buy new cargo carrier because mine was already packed in container. My cat transportation with Etihad cost a kidney. When i picked the cat in cargo facility - she was in shock. I planned everything many month before to make my family relocation smooth and without stress, yet i end up being humiliated, left behind and forced to run like insane next day to arrange everything for Etihad flight including new PCR test. I got boarding pass for EY flight next day, no questions were asked. I contacted Turkish Airline for refund and compensation however their response was that they were acting according civil aviation rules and I was supposed to fly with family member. Obviously it was a mistake but airline would not admit it. 
  This is the worst customer service experience I have ever had. I've been trying to book my mothers return ticket home for the last 2 weeks. She had an open date ticket and needed to book ticket for June 14. I was ready to make the payment for the price difference the first day I called on May 19th. I spend more than 8 hours total of my time on the phone with customer service to complete this "simple transaction". I've been given multiple promises that someone will call me to complete the payment of the price difference for the ticket and no one ever called me. After multiple back on forth between customer service, customer relations and feedbacks, on May 25th their ticketing office got back to me with information that the ticket difference has been approved by customer relations and they a ready to process the payment. I received Credit card authorization form to complete. I submitted completed form with supporting documents requested the same day. I received a confirmation saying "We have received the requested documents and an updated email will be sent to you once the changes are finalized." I thought this nightmare was finally over. But after not hearing anything for 4 days I started getting anxious again. Yesterday, on May 30th I received an email from Turkish Airlines in regard of the feedback saying "Unfortunately we will not be able to meet your demand positively. We appreciate your understanding in this matter."  I spent almost 2 hours on the phone with customer service, was transferred back and forth between them and customer relations again. All only to find out, that my payment was not processed (who knows why) and someone in the office in TX deleted the ticket from the system. Customer relations representative Onur was very helpful and submitted request on my behalf to complete the investigation and resolve this issue.  I was told that someone will definitely call me within the next 24 hours with an update and no one called. How long is it going to last? When will this be resolved?
  My worst experience ever with Turkish Airlines. I booked a ticket from London to Karachi via Istanbul, they cancelled my flight 3 times and I paid 3 time for PCR fit to fly test. When we call the customer service first they give a covid-19 reason for flight cancellation, later on they confirmed that the flight is going on time but still they cancelled my flight and none of them were helpful. I confirmed the flight arrived on time so I can say surely that they have sold my tickets to someone else.
 I have been flying international for over 30 years. My last trip with Turkish Airlines was my worst experience ever. They kept canceling my domestic flight from Istanbul to Alanya and did not accommodate adjustment to their own international connection. They changed three times and I had to pay the change fee to adjust my connecting flight and pay for their irresponsibility. Furthermore their call center although helpful did not have the authority to do anything and their feedback system was useless.
  Turkish Airlines cabin crew is not well trained and extremely rude. The staff of TK710 from Istanbul to Islamabad on 18th May, 2021 interrupted me while I was in a conversation with my wife to ask me to put my mask in a way you talk to a child.  Your cabin crew supervisor says we have to make gestures to make people wear masks because they can't speak English, why don't you hire people who can speak the language of your customers instead of treating them like herd of cows. You have to use the call button at least 5 times to get a response. This effects your brand image so negatively since service is the only thing that differentiates one airline from the other. As a customer I won't remember your false claims of superior customer service or video ads used in marketing, I will, however, remember how I got treated on your planes. Turkish Airlines management, I have been using your Airlines for the past 5 years but you continue to disappoint me. My trip got badly affected by this behavior of your staff. I hope they are questioned about this and then given training on how to be polite to your customers who pay for these tickets. 
 Since most of the extra Covid precautions lifted of in terms of in-flight catering, this flight was at good quality. Welcome drinks that Turkish offers still not served due to Covid however, food was quite good. Crew served a mezze platter, accompanied by a main dish with three options as usual. Also crew were highly sensitive about wearing masks and constantly warning the ones who was taking of their masks unless they are eating or drinking. Hospitality of Turkish crew was as good as always.
 Turkish Airlines continues to use COVID-19 as a cost-cutting, service-reduction excuse. It's self-defeating as they need to entice back their customers, but personally I would choose to fly another airline next time. They do not serve alcohol (not sure what the link with COVID-19 is?) but they are finally serving hot meals once again. IFE is limited - it has not been updated in months. The crew are perfunctory, and there's no real warmth or hospitality. Flying Turkish these days is a frustrating experience: flights are frequently cancelled or rescheduled (this has happened with every single flight I've taken with them) and the service and amenities are not in line with the high fees you pay. Disappointing.
 I asked for an alcoholic beverage during my trip. They said they don't serve alcoholic beverages in economy class due to the coronavirus pandemic. However, they serve alcoholic beverages in business class. When I asked, ‘does the corona pandemic affect only economy class?’ They could not give a reasonable explanation about it. This flight was such a bad experience for me. If I had known before, I would have preferred another airline to fly with. They use the coronavirus pandemic as an excuse.
  Never in my life have I encountered such incompetence and a lack of assistance from an airline. Poor customer service in the airport; I was passed from one person to another for about three hours trying to solve the problem, but none of them were able to assist. The layover in Istanbul was excessively long and thicket included a hotel, but instead of resting in the hotel at night, I wasted 3 hours of my time and nerves searching for and speaking with endless airport personnel, and the rest of my connection time was spent in a freezing airport!
  My wife and me are dual Canadian and Russian citizens. For the last pandemic year we have been living in Moscow, Russia. We have even got fully vaccinated in Moscow a few months ago. We had planned to spend two weeks in Crete, Greece, where we have a vacation apartment. Unfortunately the first two out of three legs Moscow-Istanbul-Athens-Heraklion were with Turkish Airlines. On the morning of May 4 we were in layover in Istanbul waiting to board the plane to Athens when a Turkish Airlines' employee asked us to show our documents to enter Greece. Prior, I had checked all the documents we need at the Greek border with the Greek Consulate in Moscow - Passenger Locator Form with our residential addresses in Moscow and in Greece, Vaccination Certificate and COVID-19 PCR Test Certificate. And Ι specifically asked if we may enter Greece with our Canadian passports, because with these passports we don't need visas. I got full approval for this and was told that as residents of Russia we may enter Greece keeping any other national passports. So I showed to Turkish Airlines employees all the documents we have, even the property title in Greece. But when as the boarding started we were informed that we were not allowed on the plane to Athens!  I was plainly told "If you are Russian resident, you cannot fly to Greece with your Canadian passport, you must have a Sсhengen visa in you Russian passport".  So we had a big discussion but Turkish Airlines' answer was the same - "you are not allowed on the plane because you don't have visas in you Russian passports." So the plane took off but we stayed in Istanbul. For the first time in my life I was not allowed on the plane with my Canadian passport which I used before in Greece many times! Subsequently, we couldn't get any compensation from Turkish Airlines because they said "that's your fault, you don't have enough documents"!  Our tickets from Moscow to Athens, our next tickets from Athens to Heraklion with another air company few hours later, our car reservation in Heraklion fully paid, and we also had to spend a lot of extra money to return from Istanbul to Moscow, and we lost our two-week vacation?  
  I fly Turkish Air business class Toronto to Hong Kong via Istanbul and planned a Covid19 test during the long layover in IST in order to meet Hong Kong entry restrictions. I was informed the IST-HKG segment will be delayed for 4 hours soon after I made my ticket purchase. From YYZ check-in to IST transfer, I found every staff member has their own way of interpreting travel restrictions. Nobody can point a clear direction along the way. I eventually missed the flight and had to take the next flight two days later. During which my luggage was stored at their facility. The in-flight service of IST-HKG was mediocre. The seats were of first-generation recliners, food was okay, the in-flight entertainment was a joke, WiFi signal spotty. When I arrived at HK hotel. I found the locks of my suitcase compromised with apparent marks of piled damage and contents inside searched. I reported to Turkish Air as soon as possible. Although there’s black and white I have 7 days to report the damage. The baggage claim department denied my request for various excuses. It was hilarious that they insisted the damage must be visible and I should report at the airport instead of reporting within the 7 days’ frame. I think they are implying you should check your locks right away whenever you fly Turkish Airlines? Experiences with Turkish Airlines explained itself why I cannot recall any smiling face throughout the Turkish Flight experience .. the airline is so screwed up that every staff member is in defence mode. Turkish Air joined Star Alliance in 2008 but don’t mistake they’ll provide international airline service standards. You’ll be disappointed. Avoid it like a plague.
  Turkish Airlines used to be one of the worlds best, in my opinion, with excellent planes, flight services, and support. Unfortunately, there has perhaps been a change of senior management or something to that effect, as they have in my estimation become just another third world country airline. I have been trying to reserve an airline flight out of Turkey, unable to do so on their website, and in each of two calls to their "customer service" line, they have put me on hold, only to hang up one me. In one instance, the young lady was literally typing on her keyboard when she disconnected. This is the most pathetic customer support experience I have ever had. I have over 30,000 miles of frequent flier miles with this airline, but fortunately have the ability to put them to use with other airlines. I will never go to TK airlines other than a last resort again.
  Part of the trip from Atlanta to Istanbul was pleasant but after the connection everything went through the hole. The flight was delayed from the beginning and we arrived in Addis 40 minutes late, there were only 1 person at each service station to serve the customer, and after all this ups and down non of the baggage’s from US is not transferred to the connection flight aircraft. For some of us who have to travel to out of Addis Ababa have to spent extra 5 days stay because of our bags still delayed for the second flight. I hope I will get my bags intact and all the items inside. Please consider other airlines or members from other members or use Ethiopian Airlines for at least to save time from baggage delay or all the headaches. In this Covid-19 pandemic era they use a larger aircraft to fulfill the COVID protocol to fly out of US, however they use a small airplane to carry a larger number of passengers and none of the middle seats were left empty. This shows they have a double standard for developed/developing country citizens.
  Vienna to Tashkent via Istanbul in Economy. Excellent travel experience. All flights boarded early and left/arrived on time or early. Excellent entertainment offering and generous food service (a warm meal in economy on a 2 ½ hour flight). Found the seat pitch to be fine on both Boeing 787 and A330 - am 180cm tall. Crew taking care to ensure that all passengers were wearing their face masks at all times as well as regularly cleaning and monitoring the lavatories. Transfer in Istanbul relatively seamless. Highly recommended.
  Turkish Airlines customer service in Mogadishu is horrible. My flight at Mogadishu, Somalia was scheduled to leave at 10:45am. I was at the departure check in by 9:30am, but they told me to get my covid 19 test certified by the Somali health ministry. At 9:45am when I came back to check in, they told me the gate was closed. I went to speak to the manager who refused to let me board the plan because according to him, "the gate closes 1 hour and 15 minutes before the scheduled departure time." Their top manager in Somalia can barely speak English, is extremely rude and unreasonable. I will choose another airline on my next visit to Somalia.
  Their check in staff kept us waiting for over an hour while we waited for their confirmation to let us through. In turn we lost our flight and they took our bags. They refused to compensate us for the missing bags (which were returned by another airline) and the stress and expenses we had from not having our bags and missing our flight.
 Overall, flying with Turkish Airlines was great.  The cabin crew were friendly, food was tasty. The inflight entertainment was nice, however, the cabin crew must improve their English speaking skills. The legroom could have been better as well.
  I booked seats with extra legroom in the front of the aircraft. Paid extra for them. They overbooked the seats next to me. Multiple children. A child threw up in my seat. I asked to change seats and pay for an upgrade. They refused and offered to move me to the back of the plane. I ultimately had to move due to the smell. They did not clean the seat. This could have been avoided at no cost to them and increased cost to me, but they were unable to accommodate dispute an abundance of seats. I am very disappointed in this flight.
  My first two sector business review of Turkish. They have restarted mostly a full service which to fair is good. Amenity kits back on offer which reassured me that it’s not all cutting corners to save money. Flights mostly busy due to restrictions with other airlines at present into London. Crew attentive and a full selection of alcoholic drinks. I don’t use IFE but it looked pretty good. Summing up even if their business product is generally lacklustre and basic (think 1990s) it was economical and would try again if there were no ME3 alternatives.
  First I was told to get a travel covid test that I did payed $150 each for me and my girl, in the last min I was told this test is not good and I had to redo it again payed $498. The Reschedule my flight for two days later. I arrive last night in Istanbul and I have to wait for next flight for 29h but now the are telling me my test has been expired and I have to take it again and I don't know what to do. I was told in Houston by Turkish Airlines that the will provide hotel during waiting period in airport but believe or not the did but after I payed 2012 euros. Try to avoid this airline and this airport staff very rude and very disrespect to people.
  We transited from an international Turkish Airlines flight, so our bags were checked through. There were no crew announcements detailing where to go in the terminal after landing. The answer - you must proceed all the way to the domestic departure counters in the transit area. Our travel documents were requested again - check the Turkish Airlines website or send them a message for up-to-date travel documentation requirements. Skybridges were used on both ends of this flight, making boarding and deplaning quick and easy. The flight itself was on an older A320-200, nicely maintained and was covid-clean. We spent less than 1½ hours in the air, so there was no time for snacks, drinks or entertainment. The crew was attentive and ensured a safe and pleasant flight.
  The ground crew were friendly and efficiently handled the new document requirements for travelling to Turkey during the Covid-19 pandemic, which include a PCR test and a Form of Entrance Due to Pandemic Threat from the Turkish Ministry of Health. Check the Turkish Airlines website or send them a message for up-to-date travel documentation requirements. From boarding to deplaning, everything was Covid Clean. Our 2½ hour flight from Malta to Istanbul was on a new A320 NEO. The legroom was good, the meal was a simple bagged sandwich with refreshments, but the crew were great. Turkish Airlines has yet to disappoint – although we do wish they would bring back the Turkish Delights as a boarding gift.
  Flight got cancelled and they didn't even let me know it was. Besides the fact that flying today is particularly difficult with all the covid tests expected to before flying, I only found out my flight was inexistent once I was already in the airport to do check-in. Only to find out about another 7 people where in the same position as me. We had to wait for a Turkish representative to come for him to tell us that there is nothing that he can do, we cannot be moved to any other flights and that there is no way I will fly out that day or maybe even any day after that. We called the representatives in Istanbul to tell us the same thing, now I am waiting for my refund and not trusting this airline again!
  I was supposed to travel 30 Jan 2020 with Turkish airlines from Paris to Cairo, I had chosen this company over other companies because I thought it would be the best among them. What I found out is the opposite, they didn’t let me check in because they thought that I was not eligible to go to Egypt without a visa. However, I had an Egyptian entry stamp on my passport 3 months before my travel with Turkish airlines. I asked them to reconsider their decision many times, they were so rude and they didn’t even care to answer me, the next day was a the first day of closing all French boundaries so I was so stressed.  I took another flight with Egyptair early in the morning of next day and I traveled so easily because I did not need a visa as Turkish Airlines claimed. It’s been nearly two months that I ask Turkish airlines to reimburse me the flight that they cancel because of their ignorance and their reply "Thank you for your feedback you can’t be reimbursed".
  First of all, the ground staff at Karachi International Airport was so rude, requested a wheelchair for my wife as she is pregnant and due to some medical condition she is not allowed to walk too long causing Edema, though wheelchair was free the staff asked for money. when we arrived in Istanbul we have requested a wheelchair again and the staff told me to take your baby and handbags with you for the boarding and we will bring your wife later, she waited for a wheelchair for 30 minutes and when she saw the last call message on flight board she picked up stuff and walked for around over a kilometre to reach the boarding gate and when I complained about it they simply ignored it. In-flight entertainment was dated and they served cold food in a box that included a tiny pouch of water, kids juice, a cold bun with cheese and a small piece of dry cake. when I have asked why not serving hot food they said due to the covid 19 we are not serving hot food but you can sit next to other passengers, the plane was packed without following SOPs. Do not recommend anyone this airline.
  I have never seen such a shameless business organization. I lost my luggage on the flight. I had many items including my education documents inside. I reported this after the flight and they said there are looking for the luggage and I have to wait 21 days. Then 
  I am very disappointed by Turkish Airlines staff behavior during the flight from Dar es Salaam to Istanbul on 05/03. I would say that around 15-20% of passengers were not wearing masks during this flight. I am sure the staff were aware of this situation but they didnt warn anybody and they ask people to wear masks only before landing. Knowing current situation of unofficial increasing covid numbers in Tanzania, I have serious concerns about this behavior of Turkish Airlines. I should mention that I took the same flight back in September and my experience was positive as the staff members were more attentive. So I hope my feedback will give some positive actions. Thank you, Ausra
  I bought a round trip ticket for me and my wife from Los Angeles to Addis Ababa. In Addis, once when it was time to return back I realized I needed to change my return date. I went on to the TK app on my phone to change the ticket. I found a suitable date and paid the fee and changed our flight, so I thought. One thing that puzzled me was I didn't receive an email confirmation though my credit card was charged and I could see the change I made on the app. On the final seat selection day, it was a Sunday, I went back to the app to select a seat. I was able to do it for my self but not for my wife. I decided to do it at the airport counter since there was no one to call on a Sunday night in Addis to help me. At the airport, the Turkish Airline local staff told me my wife's ticket has expired and they have no authority to help me or call Turkey. I was asked to pay extra 500 dollars to replace the ticket to fly. Once back in the U S I contacted Turkish using their feedback form. After a week period of waiting each time and going back and forth, all I got from them was a generic response. Sad! No specifics to my case, no reason as to why I didn't get an email, no reason why I was charged. They said, Sorry this happened to you but our app is fine and we can't do anything for you. I fly Turkish because they are cheap. I have done it annually the last three times but no more. I was made to pay for their app error.
  I'm doing all I can to avoid using Turkish Airlines ever again. The tickets costed about $800, but I ended up paying an extra $1,000 because of them. I was headed from LA to Montenegro via Istanbul. Once I landed in Istanbul, I saw my flight was cancelled to Montenegro. No email or phone notification - just on the boards upon arrival. They told me the next one would be the following morning - and when I asked why they said they don't know. But since it's COVID, so many people on my flight were going to have our tests expire if we had such a long layover - as most countries don't allow international layovers longer than 8 hours. So I had to pay for a sketchy VISA at the airport, go through customs, go get another COVID and wait for the results in the middle of the night. I got my results, went back to the terminal, waited another few hours and - guess what - they cancelled the rescheduled flight a couple hours before takeoff. Now my fellow passengers were furious, because they were giving no reason for the cancelled flights and just said they can cover our hotels. I asked when the next flight would be, and they said they don't know but probably tomorrow (turns out it was about 36 hours later - keep in mind most countries don't accept COVID tests older than 72 hours especially if you've had a layover). I then asked if there's any guarantee that the flight won't be cancelled a third time, and they said they don't know. So I got to the airport on friday, it was now nearing sunday, and I started work monday. I told them I might just have to drive, but to get me as close to Montenegro as possible. They put me on a cheap flight to Serbia, which was delayed by a couple of hours (one hour of which the passengers were sitting on a crowded bus outside of the terminal as they de-iced the plane). On top of this, passengers on both my LA-IST flight, and IST-Belgrade flight weren't wearing masks, and it didn't seem to bother the flight attendants. So I got to Serbia, had to get a hotel on my own dime, and another flight to Montenegro on my own dime. I'm of course going to dispute the original ticket cost since they screwed me over and just sent me to an airport that seems to profit off of cancelled flights by not offering complimentary internet (you have to pay a substantial fee every 12 hours), by forcing you to buy a visa in cash if you now need a new covid tests, and by offering pricy covid tests. 
  The worst experience ever! Turkish Airlines made a mistake with the outbound flight (which they even recognized). Despite several feedback, tens of calls they were unable to rectify the mistake. Incompetent, unprofessional and with poor English the call center is a disaster. Terrible.
 My flight was cancelled by them in April 2020, I asked for a refund in August 2020, it is now the end of February 2021 and they still have not given me back my money despite asking for the money at least 10 times. If you book with Turkish Airlines, just realise that if the flight is cancelled, they will not give your money back for perhaps a year.
  They sold me open ticket, they cancelled the flight on their own, and then never allowed me to book a new ticket. I wasted many hours on their phone lines. They kept saying we don't have permission from travel agency and you should contact travel agency. even though I had contacted the travel agency many times and they had notified the airline to book me a new ticket and they could see it in their system. they still refused to help. My whole money and vacation got wasted. They are a seriously unhelpful, irresponsible and greedy airline.
  The award for the biggest deterioration in quality goes to Turkish Airlines. They blame covid for cutting every business class amenity - but every other tier 1 airline aren't having to cut service, this airline has crushed its standard - should be a 2 star airline now. If you cant deliver a quality product - don't reopen - but charging 4000 per person and then taking away all the quality elements is just bad.
  Turkish Airlines client services via phone are extremely slow and unhelpful. In order to effect a simple and straightforward change of reservation, I spent over 3 hours on the phone with a service center in Romania, with people who barely spoke English, and who were unable to process the reservation change because (1) they don’t understand English well enough; and (2) because apparently the computer system suffers frequent glitches. In the end it was impossible to change the reservation without filing a complaint (which they call “feedback”). And this feedback requires waiting to receive a feedback #, which one must use to communicate again with the Romanian client services. This was done, and I was told to expect an email in 2 hours — which never arrived. Back to the Romanian call center, another 2 hours wasted trying to explain, to no avail. I lost that ticket, ended up buying a completely new ticket for twice the price. And Turkish Airlines refused to acknowledge their mistake. Very unsatisfactory service.
  My return flight from Tel Aviv to Madrid was cancelled 4 times. Each time I received a cancelation mail, I called the head office and was re-booked for another date and 30min after I got the confirmation by email, the flight was cancelled. Eventually I was told that the Israeli government is not allowing this airline to fly to and from the country and even though the company had this information they kept selling the exact flight on there official website! So do not believe what you see on line or you will get a big surprise and many frustrating hours on the phone with the airline. Will never fly with this company again and of course will never recommend it.
  The flight from ATL to IST was good; however the food was not as good as it used to be, the number of options and quality has declined tremendously. Boarding at IST to DXB was a concern for us, too many people on an enclosed waiting room and delayed flight. The Boeing 777-300 interior looks tired. The onboard service was very simple to poor. The seats were ample but tired. It still has three seats in the middle, configuration 2-3-2, which is not the most desirable, unless you are flying in a family of three. Disembarkation in Dubai was disorderly, instead of doing it by rows, the passengers in Economy just pushed their way through Business to get out first, no social distancing or order by put in place by crew.
 Turkish Airlines denied boarding for some apparent miscommunication between Turkish Airlines and the Turkish Government, according to the last communication from Turkish the government put out on December 30, 2020 effective immediately a requirement for COVID 19 test for transit passengers. According to Turkish this requirement was voided on same day 12/30/2020, however Turkish failed to communicate to the passengers the new requirement. I had called on 12/29/2020 to verify if we needed a test and Turkish Call Center indicated no test was required. However, I did get an email from Turkish on 12/30/2020 at 7pm, when we landed in Houston (on another airline at our own expense) that passengers in transit in Istanbul did not need a COVID-19 test. Turkish Airlines has not assumed the responsibility to communicate the changes or to repair the loses they caused us.
  Everything started great with them. The booking process was surprisingly easy especially with COVID-19. I booked the ticket for my girlfriend to come and visit me here in the US and she said the flights to Seattle with them were great and she had no complaints. About a week before she was going to depart Seattle to go home she got sick and had a positive COVID test and I had to suspend the ticket. The process of suspending it was very easy because I just had to send them the PCR test showing a positive result. But now sense she has recovered we have been trying to get the ticket reissued and have been trying for 2 weeks now. They have been extremely slow and been lying constantly about returning phone calls and making false promises for the new rebooking. As of now I have sent the positive PCR results in 3 times to them and am starting to go around the same loop again. I will update this as more news come.
  I'm a frequent traveler with hundreds of flights. My worst experiences is with Turkish Airlines. They always manage to lose or destroy my luggage. This time, they overcharge on extra weight and totally destroyed my new bag. Ground and customer support are useless. My Company booked me on Turkish Airlines because i would never book them myself if there's alternative.
  Twice they messed up my flight. First time when I was flying to Lviv they messed up the dates ,and I couldn’t do check in because I was not in the system. The people who’s working there not professional, I spoke with over 20 different people over the phone to check what’s going with my flight, they couldn’t fix anything , and it was their fault.  So when I was going to the airport I still didn’t know if I’m flying or not. I got to the airport on rush, 1 hour before registration because I was on the line and they didn’t tell me anything and didn’t fix it. And it was international flight when you supposed to get there at least 3 hours before. But I didn’t know that was just a beginning, when I supposed to return back from Lviv that was happened again. Messed up my dates, my flight, I was holding on the line the whole night and they send me final confirmation 1 hour before registration in the morning. 
  Turkish Airlines is not the same anymore. I would like to share my experience about my flight MIA-IST on Jan 31. I’ve had a sit at 26H. I was board in one of the first group. I’ve had a huge box with laptop. It can’t be stored in the overhead bin as there was no room for that. I placed it between my legs and the crew saw that and did nothing upon boarding but before take of the flight attendant asked me to place it under the seat in front of me or in the overhead bin. I told her I can’t do that as there is no room for that and ask to change my seat. They found a sit for me at 18G and I placed the box with laptop under the seat 18E. There was nobody and there was a plenty room for that. At this time another flight attendant showed up and start yelling to me if I’m not place it in the overhead bin and not follow the rules she kick me off the plane. She was rude and very aggressive. I’ve had a flight to Miami on Jan 29 and had a bag with dogs. It was stored the same way at 17E as the box with laptop and it was fine and nobody said nothing on my first flight. So why it was such a big deal if they do nothing on my first flight with the same issue?  I wanted to use the lavatory but the seatbelt sign was on so the crew informed me I have to stay in my seat but few minutes later I’ve seen a guy who get off his seat with mask off and this lady was standing next to him and said nothing.
 A disappointing trip that would be so easily made better. Actually my first ever trip on Turkish airlines. And it was poor. I understand that we are travelling under different circumstances at the moment but they could do better. To serve a flavourless cheese roll, a peach juice and a small water as replacement catering is unacceptable. Does the ME3 who compete with Turkish do likewise? No. Crew were not interested in the customers and after handing out the cheese rolls remained mostly hidden at the back of the aircraft. I asked for a wine but was offered a second water. Again, disappointed for what was not a cheap ticket. I was offered business class too at a competitive cost but glad I did not take that option in case of similar poor service standards. Worth noting that check in and ground crew was fine. IFE too looked goo but I did not participate. I think my one-off experience with Turkish as a ME3 alternative will not be repeated.
  The airport was a little bit dirty when I stepped in the waiting area, but the staff were very kind at the airport. Because the economy class was full, and some of the economy travellers were Frequent Flyers, (like me) we had a free upgrade to Business class. We were kept waiting for almost 1 and a half hours inside the plane. The cabin crew was very nice and I had a choice of four different pre-flight drinks. The cabin was wide and quiet, while I was very surprised at the seat having an IFE System and a reading light, that is pretty rare in narrow-body airliners. The seat was very clean and had many useful things. The In-Flight Entertainment system had lots of features which I could use while waiting for the plane to move. Later on, we got flying and experienced some minor turbulence. The cruise was overall very good. They served us some absolutely delicious meals, consisting fruits, a main course, drinks and a dessert. We landed quickly and smoothly to Istanbul. We left the plane via a jetway, which was pretty nice too.
  I had a connecting flight Doha to Cairo via Istanbul. We have arrived at 11.30pm from Cairo. We have arrived (me, wife & infant) at the arrival gate then we have to walk around 4 KM passing by Security gate, Security team doesn’t speak English and asked me to carry my child out of his car to scan it. I tried to explain that X-ray machine not going to fits. However, they insist to be like that but I was right and the x-ray didn’t fit and we lost time. On my way to my gate I have noticed my flight status ( last call) I run around 3 minutes but unfortunately I missed my flight. I went direct to the customer service informing them the situation and this was at 12.50am which’s 5 minutes after the gate close and 55 minutes before the flight time, customer service lady asked me on very rough and taff way to follow the line tried to inform her I have a baby and we can catch the flight but she ignored me. Now, I understood no way and I have missed the flight. I started to ask about solutions ( the only option to provide me another flight after 15 hours without hotel accommodation and Egyptian Nationalists not allow to enter the country by getting visa upon arrival. So no hotel booking for 15 hours with 4 months child with additional cost of $100 to access the IGA lounge and just to let my wife feel good while she breath feeding her child. I don’t recommend Turkish Airlines for any one.
  This is the worst customer service that you could imagine. The attitude and knowledge are really bad! They will try to ignore you, put you on wait, point you to someone else .. until you give up. They made us running around for no reason .. everyone of them have the different guidance and none of them take responsibility to solve the issues or help their customers. One of them even asked me to wait for 15 mins .. then after 15 mins, she stood up then went home. I tried to asked her about my case, she ignored me totally. So I realized, she asked me to wait for her to end her shift so that she could go home and leave me behind: “Not my responsibility anymore”. I will never ever fly with them again. This airline is the worst in the world.
  Worst experience ever. At first they delayed their flight for no reason, due to which my connecting flight got missed. Then they had to provide me accommodation for 19 hours transit, upon arrival at Istanbul Airport I got to know that E-Visa website was down. Hence they only have contract with hotels outside the Airport (because they are cheap). So, upon requesting several times they did not provide me with any accommodation/food/internet. I had to buy it on my own. Now, I have been trying for a month and they have refused to make a complete refund. I am never going to travel through this worst airline.
  Terrible experience! No refund given after the flight was cancelled. Had to present papers, credit card authorization, feedback, calls followed more calls but nothing. After ten months of nothing I decided to use the ticket with the result that they made a mistake in reissuing the ticket but wouldn’t take responsibility. The hotline is extremely incompetent and not professional at all. It’s been by far the worst experience with any airline. Never ever I will book a ticket with them.
  First time ever ive tried to travel with Turkish Airlines. Checked possible fly dates numerous times just to make sure dates are ok for me. Dates was always the same so i have booked a flight. They took my money and after 24 hours I've got a notification from the airline that my connection flight via Istanbul was rescheduled to 24h earlier time that was originally advertised. Of course that makes it completely impossible to physically execute because at that time not even my first flight from my home country is gonna depart. They gave me no reason why and didnt offer any help resolving this issue. Bad first impression with this airline and for sure they wont see me again.
  Bought a return ticket Kuala Lumpur-Paris via Istanbul in July 2020. Flight from KL-IST-Paris was fine. For the return trip Paris-IST-KL (20th Feb 2021), Turkish Airlines suddenly sent a cancellation notice in Nov 2020. We then decided to stay back due to Covid and contacted Turkish Airlines on 9th Jan 2021, with intention to postpone our flight. When we got a reply back from Turkish Airlines, they had by then re-scheduled the flight instead of having cancelled earlier. Anyhow, we still wrote in to postpone the flight. We provided the Booking Ref., which should already be sufficient for them to take action. Then we received another reply demanding that we provide, Booking Ref, Names, Original Flight No, Flight Date, Flight Time, E-Ticket No, which we furnished. That was on 11th Jan 2021. Till today, 23rd Jan 2021, we have still not received any reply nor instructions on how to proceed while the date of our flight is drawing closer. I agree with some of the comments here that Turkish Airlines service is one of the worst I have come across and they are "robbing" customers by not replying which will cause you to forfeit your flight. Then it becomes your fault. Even worse, we bought an Economy Flexi which allows us at least 1 change for free. We had to pay more for it. This is also not the first time TK has given us issues. They abandoned us while we were visiting Turkey at the height of the Covid 19 pandemic in March 2020. We called their office in Istanbul. Only to be told they cannot help us. We have been duped twice TK, there will never be a third, I assure you. You will be our last choice even if you are the cheapest. TK still has a lot to learn about customer service.
  My experience with Turkish Airlines was terrible. I booked a flight and an extra seat, to go from Brazil to Jakarta with my friend. Even though, after booking I figured out that this extra seat was only more space for my flight and could not be used as a flight for him (Even though the cost is parity to the thicket I bought for my self). I asked to cancel or transfer the extra seat with less than 24h, since I have bought the ticket. Although, Turkish Airlines did not allow the cancelation or transference without charge. After many calls without success, the company asked me to write a feedback on their website to solve the issue. The took me more than 3 days and the response simply is a standard response, that does not fit with the request. I am still waiting for the cancelation or transference of the ticket.
  They have not refunded us $6800 and it has been almost 4 months after telling us it would take 30 days, then later told us 90 days for a refund. We bought 5 tickets through Turkish airlines online. There must have been a computer glitch or something because after booking for 5 different people they told us we booked them all under the same name which was not true. They proceeded to tell us that because the tickets were booked incorrectly, we would have to cancel the tickets and rebook them (after paying an additional $700), and we would be refunded in 1 credit card billing cycle. We did not expect this from such a large airline company and will not be booking with them ever again for our travels. Our entire family travels often and I will recommend everyone against booking with Turkish airlines after this horrible experience.
  Their customer service are not very friendly nor hospitable most especially in their host country. They could barely speak English. I was denied boarding in Istanbul, which is my layover, on a flight to Cancun. It was Christmas Eve and I was traveling for 28 hours just so I could be with my mom on Christmas eve. When they denied my boarding due to my inability to produce a printed copy of my hotel reservations which was on my phone, they refused to help me with rebooking and I had to find my way out of their huge Istanbul Airport and book a Lufthansa flight on my own. To make matters worse, they made me a "no show" and cancelled my return flight back to Manila from Cancun forcing me to buy another ticket. All they care about is money. 
 This is the worst international flight experience. They cancelled my ticket 3 hours before the flight last February for Coronavirus and over 10 months later, they have not yet refunded me. I have sent them over 20 emails but they just directed me to fake agencies and numbers. My ticket was about $1300 and the only thing I can call this is stealing. Save yourself the headache and don't fly Turkish (Thief) airlines.
  It was the worst long distance flight in my life. I was flying from Istanbul to Bogota and I didn’t even get hot tea or coffee. There weren’t any hot meals, the only thing they give to the passengers was a sandwich in the evening and a sandwich in the morning. I really I don’t know where the positives review of this airline come from.
  COVID-19 means fewer passengers in the air. Good for travellers – not so good for airlines. Our flight was on an older A320-200, but the cabin was clean and the crew were ultra-friendly. There is a Sky-Bridge at Istanbul's IST airport - unfortunately, there is NO Sky-Bridge at Malta's MLA airport. The bottom line. We do wish they would bring back the Turkish Delights as a boarding gift.
  Turkish Airlines delivered a seamless and relatively speaking enjoyable check-in to curbside experience. What I love about the A320-300 seat configuration is that if you are travelling as a couple and one of you want an aisle seat and the other a window, you don’t have to worry about anyone sitting between you.
  We were crammed on that flight like sardines, not one seat was empty on that plane, but then they don't serve you any beverages because it's "unsafe during Corona" (?). And even the food was just one horrible cheese sandwich and a small piece of cake. How is serving proper food and refreshments more of a risk than cramming 3 passengers on each side of the aisle? I feel very unsafe traveling back with them, but I will definitely not book again with them. This is not to mention the horrible and unhelpful customer service, which first told me I am entitled to a partial refund because of a class degrade, but then told me I am no longer entitled to this refund because since my flight was cancelled, the rescheduling (and hence the class downgrade) will be offered free of charge. I had to reschedule and get a class downgrade because my flight was canceled, not the other way around! Don't act like offering this rescheduling was a favor for me! Never again Turkish Airlines!
  I am completely appalled by the customer service of Turkish Airlines. I had a positive Covid test on the 25th December so I could not fly on this date. I had to change my flight to an open ticket. When I called the airline to change my date they told me to pay almost 400 dollars.
  Turkish Airlines need to improve the quality of their customer call center services. They change flight times or dates owing to C-19, but once a flight changes, then it is near impossible to do anything online, and their call centres are not good at resolving issues. Their computer systems are either slow or not functioning, and they keep on telling you to go to a ticket office to resolve issues. The ticket offices are equally incompetent in what they do. I have probably spent 10 hours on the phone trying to resolve simple issues, and until the very last day several hours before our flight, these issues could not be resolved, including giving us the extra leg room seats that we paid for. Re. the flights being covid safe, i think the cabin crew should do a better job in ensuring mask wearing compliance, and social distancing when disembarking. Either they don't want to confront passangers owing to language barriers or they do not care, disembarkation and mask compliance during flights are both shambles. Last but not least, don't bother complaining about your issues, their complaint team responses are a joke, and they give the impression that they don't read what you wrote or worse don't care about actually resolving your complaint or making you feel like a valued customer.
 I flew with Turkish Airlines from Basel to Johannesburg through Istanbul for my new year's holidays. The flight was on time, everything was smooth. We received a covid kit containing 2 masks, a hydro alcoholic gel, and wipes. The food looked good, although it didn't respect the dietary restrictions, so couldn't eat most of it. It was clean and wrapped in plastic. My return flight was canceled due to the new covid strain in South Africa. I learned this from the official Turkish Airline Twitter account and only received an email from the company a week after the cancellation. I've flown with Turkish for years and I was a little surprised and disappointed.
  Worst food and no measures to ensure social distancing. On a six hour long flight they only offered a small cold sandwich. They have also discontinued the meal selection option so no vegetarian or vegan option. No coffee, tea or any kind of drink in flight. It was my first time with Turkish Airlines and was really disappointed. I would say pay 30 to 50 pound more to other airlines as Turkish is the worst airline I have recently travelled.
  When tried to Check-In/Manage the flight for 31 December, there is a message "Your flight’s date/time changed. You are required to contact our call center to confirm the recommended new flight. If you do not want to confirm your flight, you can cancel or change it through our call center." No one bothered to inform via Text/Email before hand. Now we are ready as we have had covid test and all done for the flight and not sure if we are flying out or not. We are very concerned as your call centre number is not working. Please note that have been trying during working hours advertised on your website and on automated answering service. There is a policy changed for Covid, which is not conveyed before flight as well. When we travelled to Lahore, it was under 12 who do not need Covid Clearance Report and now on your website it says its under 6. Its a very poor communication with the passengers. Lots of people who will not check online prior to their flights will get a shock for sure. This is our first and last flight with Turkish Airlines. 
  Lets just say, this was my first and last experience with them. I bought my ticket way before the pandemic and decided to fly anyways since there were precautions now to my destination for Covid testing. It all started with them moving my flight from a 4hr layover in turkey to a 38hr layover. I decided, why not, I'll just tour around Turkey during that time - this is after I'm assured by the ticket agent I talked with that the airline will give me a hotel once I land. When I arrived at checkin, the guy checking me in couldn't find my ticket so I had to dig into my email for all the information about the ticket. He then proceeds to enter a wrong information and attached it to my baggage. Since it would take him some effort to fix this error, he decided I must suffer the consequence and pick up all 3 of my big luggages and carry it around in Turkey and check them in again for my next flight. At this point, I'm getting a sense of what flying with these people entails. In the plain, a brown paperbag of some cate, a cold sandwich and juice is tossed at us as a meal. Once I landed, I find out other passengers had flights to the destination I wanted to go and only mine and a few other people were moved to two days later - trying to change my ticket was double what I originally paid for by the way. Strange. Mind you, I need a covid test 48hrs before I enter Ghana, and the one I have with me will expire. This means I'll need another test in Istanbul before I'm allowed to board my flight. Next comes getting a visa at the Istanbul airport - (Cheap is not looking too cheap now). After learning all this, I decided to go with the flow, since there was nothing else to do. I go to their service desk for the hotel promised and I was told my flight doesn't qualify for a free hotel because I agreed to them changing my ticket. Mind you, I had no other option. Cancelling my ticket meant losing some amount. At this point I'm fuming. I just lugged my luggage out of the airport and paid for my own hotel. Coming back from Ghana is a whole other story. I'm at this point stuck in Istanbul airport having to take another airline to go through Doha and then the US. As they say, you get what you pay for.
  Do not use Turkish at all during this Pandemic, they are zero customer focused these days using smaller planes and filling them full is their objective. Booked a flighted and confirmed the seat and when they gave me my boarding pass they changed the seat saying we are full and we can not do anything but you can reschedule. No meals on a 10 hour long flight, no snacks even though the ticket mentioned a meal was included, another way to save money. I also travelled Qatar and Emirates recently, they are taking care of their customers providing every possible facility they can, plans are bigger so there are empty seat in between for almost 90% travellers. I would recommend not to use Turkish while planning longer flights.
  First and last experience with Turkish Airlines. The problems began at check-in, when they refused to check my bag through from AMS over to KLM (I flew Delta from AMS to ATL and then home to TPA). "No problem," I thought, "I will just go through passport control, grab my bag, and check in with KLM again."  I chose my own seat, which was great. I prefer a window seat toward the front of the cabin. So everything was going to be great in 9A, flying on Christmas Day to Amsterdam, so it should be quiet and fairly decent for an Economy flight. Upon boarding, the gate agent took my boarding pass and reassigned me to 38A, the literal last row of seating on the plane. I am fuming at this point, as the front of Economy cabin is literally empty. Turkish passengers began complaining so much (this had also happened to them) that the gate agent came onto the plane and said she had to move us to the back to "balance the plane" .. this is the actual explanation that we got. Utterly absurd. Everyone who tried to move to a different seat during the flight was forced to return to their assigned seat, even though the plane was almost empty, and several people were forced to go back and sit with people with whom they were not traveling! Unreal! The cleanliness and hygiene was fine. We got a brown paper bag with a kashar cheese sandwich, a cake, a box of fruit juice, and a small bottle of water. Leg room was appalling, but not out of line with most Economy seats. But the fun had only just begun! Upon arrival in Amsterdam, I went to passport control so I could go to the baggage claim, collect my checked bag, and check-in with Delta (via KLM) .. except at passport control, I was told that I was not allowed to enter the EU because of COVID restrictions! So, I walked up to the transfer section, went through the security check, and then tried to find my gate and someone to help me. Because of THY's refusal to check my bag through to another airline, it was removed from the plane, slung onto the belt, and dumped. Without KLM's help, they would have abandoned my checked bag in AMS with no way for me to reclaim it! Thankfully, a KLM agent was extremely helpful, called Swissport with my THY bag claim ticket number, and got it loaded onto my Delta flight. Without her, I would have lost an expensive suitcase full of expensive winter clothes and all of my souvenirs purchased in Istanbul. Thanks a lot, Turkish Airlines! You really care about your customers. Never again!
  Not a good experience. Flight was completely full with no middle seats blocked. Vents were broken. No hand sanitizer given out upon boarding. I expected more for a $2000 flight.
  I am Turkish and used THY services more than 10 times in the last 4 years. I believe you should be looking for another airline company if you are not obliged to use their services due to the following reasons: For international flights: THY is, as far as I concern only airline which has a direct flight from Los Angeles - LAX to Istanbul - IST airport. That was the main reason I have decided to use their services again, and I regret my decision not surprisingly. There are two different scenarios: Imagine, you are arranging a flight from LAX to IST, which has a domestic transfer from IST to Izmir Adnan Menderes - ADB airport. They leave only 55 minutes between 2 flights, where you should get into passport check and airport security. As if this wasn't enough, your LAX flight gets delayed 35 mins, and they only postpone your flight for only 5-10 minutes. The cream of the pie was, they assign the domestic transfer gate to the furthest possible one. When you arrive at the gate after having a small running competition and just as you are seeing that they are shutting the gate down, you are being told that it is too late now instead of not shutting down the gate. Then you are going to the ticket office, and they are saying that the next flight is like, 6 hours later. After you have been flown like 13+ hours, you are going to wait 6 more hours. Thanks, that is classy. I will need to buy food, internet and sit here for 6 hours. I have just come here to see my family after three years, and I have only a week here. So, your free ticket doesn't solve the issues, does it? Oh, the second one is even better. The very similar scenario above, but you are flying to Beograde - Tesla Airport (if I remember the name correctly) instead of having a domestic flight. Delays only 15 mins, but you had 45 mins between 2 flights.  For domestic flights: Well, this is a short one. You are arriving at the airport 70 mins before the flight and arriving at the counter 57-58 mins before the flight. You will walk only 5 mins to reach the gate after the counter. But they are telling you "sir, you should've been here 60 mins before". So, you buy another ticket from another airline. General: Food was a disaster.  Not only because of pandemic considerations but also managed poorly, and their attitude confirms their current position.  As common sense, If it takes 25 mins to walk to the transfer gate and if there are both passport and security check, then you don't assign 1 hour between flights. Easy. Not worth your money.
  I can’t post a review about my trip with Turkish Airlines, because I gave up before ever boarding a plane. My many contacts with their support system finally wore me down at the end. All four sectors of my flight has been cancelled one by one over the last few months, which I can accept due to the Covid situation. Problem is that every cancellation forced me into the arms of the call center. I have learned a few things from these interactions. Be prepared to press a lot of numbers on the phone before talking to a human. Very few of the agents seems able to make a decision without talking to a supervisor while you are waiting. If the answer you finally get from an agent seems strange/weird/stupid don’t give up. Call back, talk to another agent and ask the same question. In my experience there is a good chance you will get a different answer. There seem to be an arcane way of doing things in this company. At one point I had to pay a fee for a date change on one of my flights, but none of the agents were able to tell me how much the fee would be. I got guesses ranging all the way from 50 to 400 euros. “Someone for another department will call you, calculate the fee and arrange the payment”, I was told. So I waited for a day, two days and finally after five days, I called back asking about the fee. Again I was told “Somebody from another department will call you, calculate the fee and arrange payment”, I was told again. “When do you thing it will happen”, I asked. “Maybe one more week. I don’t know. But if you not hear anything, you should call back”, said the agent. So after another week I gave up.  And since I couldn’t cancel the ticket online, I had my last encounter with the call center. Here is a play by play: Me: Hello I want to cancel my ticket. Agent 1: I can’t do that for you. I will transfer you. Me: Hello I want to cancel my ticket. Agent 2: I can’t do that. You have to go to one of our offices. Me: The one nearest to my home (90 min away) have been closed due to Covid. The one in Copenhagen (4 hours away) is listed as “temporarily closed” on your homepage. Agent 2 (after a long pause): You can send them an email. Me: I did that 3 days ago. I haven’t received a reply. Agent 2: You can send them another one. Me: Listen, I just want to cancel the ticket. Agent 2.: Okay I will cancel it for you. In the end I spend around 350 euros on my experience with Turkish Airlines and never flew a mile. A fair price for lesson learned; Don’t try this again.
  They are so poor, so unfair with clients! Don’t do again! The flight was canceled and they send us to a hotel with lower that 1 star, smell bad, no hot water etc. Now they not answering at the phone, we don’t know nothing!
  Had a very bad Experience Travelling through Turkish. I reached Istanbul Airport through Turkish Airport. After waiting for more than 8 hours in transit, during Boarding they let me know about rule changes in my destination country , which requires pre visa no more on arrival visa. Then Second guy came and asked me for a Invitation letter, which should work. I showed him Invitation as well. And Next guy came and asked for third document which I showed as well. But again they said they cannot board me. When I asked why they did not stop at ORD, when giving me boarding pass up to the destination country, they did not answer anything and asked me to go to Customer service at the airport. And They were the worst customer service representatives I have ever met in my life. Never ever expect any assistance or directions from those people out there. They have no idea what Customer Service is. Later I got to know that they had my Luggage there at the airport. I wanted to exit the airport as soon as I can. So I got the first flight back to Chicago (again Turkish airlines). I requested them if they can transfer my luggage to my flight. No luck. I had to get out got the visa, collected the luggage (took long time), and rechecked in. Worst travel experience ever. I had a future return ticket. I am talking to cancel those. I will never ever recommend anyone this airline.
  Let me start by saying that the flight wasn’t practicing social distancing at all. The seats were full with everyone sitting next to each other, people not wearing face masks and the worst thing was that a lady with a child started changing the diaper while people are eating, the smell just made me throw up. Not one of the flight attendant cared what the passenger was doing or asked to take it to the washroom,  very unprofessional employees. We are in a pandemic and they fill up the flight with people from every county! Never flying with them again, disgusting flight, they don’t even have lactose fiber or gluten free food for passengers who need that option.
  I purchased a one-way ticket from the Turkish Airlines website for my mother in law after the pandemic lockdown (Jul/2020). The next day Turkish Airlines canceled the flight and told me there were no flights from Atlanta (how is that possible when I purchased a ticket from their own website just a day before?) and that a refund will take about 8 months. Turkish Airlines customer support is trained to look incompetent and either pretend or they do speak poor English. They were useless every time I called them. So I contacted the Credit Card company and told them about the fraudulent business practice and they initiated an investigation. To make the story short Turkish Airlines fought back with all sorts of lies and delayed the refund until the Credit company passed some internal deadlines for processing. So, about 5 months after the initial purchase, the credit company provided me with a full refund but at their expense and they confirmed that the Turkish Airline got away with it. Use them as a last resort and be prepared to be cheated, you may not be as lucky as me getting the money back!
 Me along with my family flew from Lahore on 6th Dec, our flight was scheduled at 8.45am but got delayed and took off at 12pm. We arrived in Istanbul at around 5pm, meanwhile we missed our connecting flight to Berlin which was scheduled at 4.30pm. We were not given a hotel, only 1 time meal voucher was given. We were booked on to the next berlin flight which was scheduled at 8.55am the next day. We’ve paid 172€ for airside hotel in Istanbul for a night stay. Pathetic service from Turkish Airlines. 
  I actually regret booking Turkish Airlines from Lagos to Dubai as my flight as been cancelled for 5 times since booking in August and refund has been a nightmare in my life. Life shouldn't be this difficult for anyone.  Called several agents in Lagos and Istanbul. But all efforts have been futile. They keep pushing me to each other. Terrible refund service to be honest. Never again
  When my wife and I booked our flight, we realized that her US passport expires 5 months after our arrival to Egypt (which usually requires 6 months validity). Our travel agent called Turkish Airlines and confirmed multiple times that, given the current circumstances and delays in passport renewals, we would have no issue boarding our flight from IAH. The day of our flight, the check-in counter made it impossible for us to board. The first agent refused to check us in and referred us to a supervisor, who also refused and kept repeating that the passport was not valid for check-in. They told us "you will not be able to board the flight" and even tried to refer us to a sales agent to reschedule our flight. We asked to speak to the station manager and were referred to staff who gave us the worst treatment I have ever seen from an airline employee. I asked her to contact Turkish Airlines at Cairo Airport and confirm that the passport issue would not be a concern (as we were told), she refused. My travel agent directly contacted airline staff in Egypt and had them call me on my cellphone. They asked to speak with the staff, who refused to take my phone and walked out on me twice while I was speaking to her. The staff kept demanding that Cairo staff email them a written authorization to board. Meanwhile, Cairo staff was telling us that the inquiry would have to come from the point of departure, and that they were ready to authorize it as soon as IAH staff reaches out to them. I repeated this several times; they refused to help and told me "I'm not going to let anyone tell me how to do my job." At this point check-in was about to close in 15 minutes, and no one was willing or even trying to help us resolve our issue by simply doing their job and reaching out to their colleagues in Cairo. Finally, Cairo staff sent two authorization emails to the IAH desk, at which point they checked us in (but delayed us even further due to more miscommunication between airline staff). The staff never came back to apologize or check us in herself, she had her staff help us instead and did not speak to us again throughout the process. Staff in Egypt were all very helpful at the end, but it was already too late. This is not my first issue with Turkish Airlines, and I will not be flying with Turkish again.
  After a sub-optimal flight experience from Jakarta to Istanbul, in which the plane was old and dirty, food was very bad, the plane overfull and the COVID protocols not being administered at all, I was planning to fly back to Jakarta weeks later. Due to COVID they have rescheduled the flights a couple of times. After 4 times of cancellations I finally had a confirmed flight back to Jakarta. At the airport in Amsterdam it was complete chaos. Turkish Airlines was greatly understaffed and most people had to wait for more than 1.5 hours in line before able to check in. When it was finally my turn the ground staff did not recognize my resident visa. Even after providing all the necessary information and talking to the supervisor on the phone the ground staff decided not to let me check in. Again, all documents were in order, the ground staff were just not aware of this type of visa. I asked for a reschedule so I could discuss this with Turkish Airlines customer service. In the days after this I spent hours on the phone with the customer service of Turkish Airlines to inform them about all the VALID documentation I had to be on that flight. After a week or so, I decided to buy another ticket from a different airline, KLM. With exactly the same visa and other documentation I was able to take the flight back. After coming back I reached out to Turkish Airlines many, many times, but they have basically ignored all my arguments and documentation. They have just decided not to solve this issue at all. I understand that this is a choice from their side, which unfortunately will also trigger a very clear choice from my side. I will never recommend this airlines to anyone and I will never fly this airlines again.
  Very unprofessional customer service over the phone. They have no idea about any international COVID rules, as well no clear information about it on their website. They suggest you to call a consul of the country / state where you flying. Other airlines send me their COVID policy and guidance to my email along with Ticket confirmation.
  We travelled from Istanbul to London on 2nd November with another family., a group of 4 adults, 3 children and 1 infant. Our experience was pretty decent as there are COVID constraints. Check in was quick and staff was very helpful. Security and immigration was also quick. On the aircraft we were offered masks and hand sanitiser packs. Aircraft was clean and staff were helpful. Seats were reasonably comfortable and inflight entertainment was reasonable. We were given a pack containing a sandwich, juice and cake - just okay quality. There was reasonable presence of crew during the flight. I will not recommend if you are travelling with an infant as you have to pay for a bassinet seat, even when you have paid for the infant ticket. They sell the seats as they have extra legspace.
  I liked the airline: professional crew, good IFE, which is on the same level with Emirates and Qatar Airways, even though the aircraft is small, fantastic leg space. The airport is superb, even though, many workers at Istanbul Airport knew English very bad. However, the disadvantages exist too: at the check-in desk, I was asked to send my cabin trolley bag to baggage. I was shocked at first, but the worker apologised and I did not have to pay anything more. Thankfully it has arrived safe. The food was poor, but tasty from sandwiches. Every airline today has its own methods to fight COVID today, compared to other passengers, I have no complaints.
 Turkish Airlines is unduly taking advantage of COVID-19 to deny its passengers of hot meals and taking carry-on luggage on board. I was forced to check in my carry-on which contained my eye drops and other medications. When certain airlines are providing space between passengers, Turkish Airlines jams and fills up its flights. It might as well be pre-COVID because it is business as usual when they load up their planes. How can one fly over 10K miles and be given three brown paper bags containing a shriveled sandwich, a toddler size juice and a tiny cake and a miniature size bottle of water? I have flown for over 40 years on several airlines. But this experience with Turkish Airlines is the worst.
  90 passengers on board this A321neo. Love the aircraft, very quiet & modern. TK hard product on this plane type is truly great. No priority boarding. Food service is still reduced to the very minimum level due to the ongoing pandemic - we are clearly used to a way better onboard product from TK: the cheese sandwich being served these days is particularly revolting & I will never understand why they stopped serving hot drinks & drinks other than still water. Pandemic is being used as a pure excuse to cut costs. Crew was fine, cabin chief was really professional & pleasant to speak to. Wi-Fi did not work for the whole flight. Landed 30 min ahead of schedule. Food offering at the Istanbul airport Miles&Smiles lounge has been improved, which seems promising. Quite strange to see Istanbul airport not as busy as we were used to. Great price considering I purchased this ticket literally the night before flying.
  Being a passenger on a flight TK773 Kuwait-Istanbul (dated 01.11.20) I’ve faced an unfair attitude and careless policy from this airline towards their passengers in these hard pandemic times. The company sits their passengers all together, nevertheless 1/3 of the a/c at the back was empty. The crew are not allowed to let the pax change their seats because: “in case you got sick after this flight, they should know what was your seat” instead of just taking an actions on preventing their pax from getting sick by following social distance rules and common sense. The lady sitting next to me was obviously sick, sneezing and coughing all the time, moreover she was enormously overweight, so it was very inconvenient and not safe to sit there. Despite all this, I wasn’t allowed to change my seat while 5-6 rows at the back were empty. Which is totally unacceptable for the covid situation. My PCR test is done a day before this travel, and it’s negative. Thus, in case of getting covid due to this flight, there should be a lawsuit against this policy which is a threat for the passengers’ health and totally contradicting COVID-19 safety precautions.
 Flew with Turkish Airlines during Covid with Two children (6+2). No social distancing measures in the aircraft. Aircraft throughout during both legs of my journey were entirely packed. The Istanbul newly built airport was also fully packed with no space to sit. People were also found sitting on the floor. The food options at the airport weren't great. Only Turkish food primarily and I am a huge fan of Turkey overall but with children, it wasn't great to not have easy options. The meals on both flights very scarce and extremely disappointing, with children, it was a very sad situation. We are already restricted in terms of the bags we can bring on board. This limits your ability to properly pack yourself for you and children for a long haul journey. Very disappointing. It was a dry sandwich given in a paper bag with a juice box and a dry piece of cake. I was shocked and the sad part was, we got the identical thing on both flights (a total of three times). What is this airline thinking!? The entertainment movie and show options were also limited for such a long flight and this was mind numbing. Overall extremely disappointed for the amount of money being charged in the name of COVID with such poor service. Airlines will now be able to get away with terrible service in the name of COVID.
 Worst business class experience I have ever had, and they blame it all on Covid. The only positives I will say are flight attendants and mostly on time experience. The rest was as bad as a discount airline. I flew 6 flights, roundtrip LAX to IST, IST to ASY, ASY to ADB (via IST), ADB to IST. Turkish is supposed to have great food service. Well, a 13 hour flight and we got two boxed lunches with cafeteria quality food. Limited beverages. No snacks. That was both ways on the long-haul. Tell me how covid doesn't live on a cold box, but it would on a warm wrapped sandwich? How does it not live on a box, but apparently a bag of chips or crackers or candy? When asked you could tell the flight attendants were embarrassed. On the short flights in Turkey in Business, you got a 4 oz cup of water. Apparently Covid doesn't live on water container, but does on soda or juice? Add to this that they brag about access to business lounge. Domestic and Intl closed at IST, so they pack you into regular club. No social distancing and Domestic lounge only had prepacked rolls and a cheese sandwich. Intl had hot food, but the lines were 15 to 20 persons deep. In Izmir, no lounge due to COVID, even though other Lounges open. In Kayseri, no lounge open and you had to carry your bags from check-in to a luggage belt with no assistance. And they don't allow any carry on bigger than backpack or shopping bag, even in Business on 13 hour flight. In LAX, they didn't open check-in until 2.5 hours before departure, even though the staff said 3 hours. And they were flying 787 from LAX but switched to old 777 with 2/3/2 configuration where either you get crawled over or you crawl over someone. And the seats are designed for multi directional recline, but they don't work. Wifi wouldn't connect on laptop, iPhone or Android. 3 flight attendants tried to help, but couldn't get it to work. Turkish sent an email apologizing and offered 25% discount on next flight if booked in 30 days/travel in 60. That's really helpful to someone living in the US! To blame COVID safety precautions for what is merely an attempt to save money is shameful, especially when they cram people together at check-in and in lounges. And to advertise the lounges, meals, etc. when booking business is nothing short of criminal. I've flown a dozen airlines over the water probably 50 or 60 roundtrips, and this is by far the worst. Stay away.
 Turkish Airlines use to be a good company, COVID is the perfect excuse to lower everything in business class with no sense at all. Business lounge closed. Extremely poor lunch box on 4.5 hour international flight and 1.5 hour domestic flight. You are even not entitled to have a glass of water. We used our last miles for a reward ticket and will move to another company who have the respect of a customer who pays 3 to 5 time more for his flight than in economy.
  Ridiculous service. I need to carry an extra baggage for my flight, they charge a whooping 30$ / kg, meaning an extra 900$ to get what I need to travel with. It's cheaper to get a new ticket than adding a bag. Customer service wise, terrible experience. I opened a ticket for asking question regarding that matter, ticket was closed immediately with no answer from their side. Tried to call customer service, I've been redirected soooo many times before talking to somebody, almost lost my patience. And needless to say he was not helpful at all, just notifying that the price was exactly the one mentioned. I will never use that company again, and I am very unsatisfied with them.
 This is the Spirit Airlines of the transatlantic flights. Service? What service. The attendants do not even look at you, let alone talk to you. Food, see attached picture, is ridiculous. I get it, cheap flying doesn't allow you to expect a food treatment like Singapore Airlines or Emirates but for a 12+ hours flight they should be ashamed to offer a plastic, frozen chicken sandwich and that's it. Temperature in the cabin is below freezing. I am 57 and I have regularly flown across the pond since I was 12. Believe me this was the worst experience ever. Only wifi and inflight entertainment are up to standard. By the way, Spirit Airlines is not that bad. At least they don't make you feeling like a chicken in a cage for 12 hours. But just for 2 or 3.
  Let me start with agreeing to every comment regarding this airline. My mom flew to visit in Los Angeles since it was a last minute purchase. Even though there were other airlines we chose this one. Reservation had been changed a couple of times after purchase. No food. Only lunch box on the 13 hour flight. Don’t work with their customer at all. Changed to a time that doesn’t make any sense. My mom is flying back thru Istanbul and must wait 14 hours and fly the next morning when there are tickets available for earlier time that were never offered. Very unprofessional airline and the only airline that charges $200 for a second luggage. Definitely will never fly this airline myself and will not recommend to anyone.
  The most unreliable I've ever flown with. Before the trip, I confirmed my pet in cabin several times with several different representatives over the phone. A day before the flight, I called, just I case - and found out that my pet was not confirmed. Since they had never sent me an email with my itinerary or with pet confirmation in the first place, though I kept asking, they forced me to pay $400 to change my ticket. Because there were no spots for a pet in cabin, they changed me to a later date and to a different city. I lost a bunch of other connecting reservations, several days wages, etc. Also, they set up an additional checkup at the gate and search passengers luggage and showed me a fake printout supposedly from USA's TSA that says something about liquids over 100ml not allowed and told me, "this is your country's regulations". I quickly googled up the real TSA page, where it says that TSA allows up to 1 liter of hard liquor, as long as it's in a sealed Duty Free bag with the receipt inside. But they took my whiskey anyway.
  M&S Gold Card Holder. Business Class Istanbul to Amsterdam returning from Zurich. No priority boarding. When asked due to Covid 19 this has been cancelled. No hot drinks. When asked due to Covid 19 no hot beverages. For food you get a mediocre lunch box due to Covid 19. Very limited drink options. Luggage was not given priority. When asked due to Covid 19 they can not guarantee luggage priority. I wonder why all the other renowned airlines despite Covid 19 offer you a decent business class service and Turkish Airlines do not. Nice excuses to skimp on services but at the same time asking for normal business class fares as in before Covid 19 times (1400 Euros). Absolutely not worth it and certainly will not book business class again before they get their act together. FQ travellers compare, make decisions accordingly and switch to the best when necessary. THY management seems to forget that. Just switch to your old promised services and you will make a difference again. Now you are just somebody flying around.
  Because of Turkish Airlines I had to waste hours of my vacation days. The service was horrible, I was not listened to and I received a lot of wrong information. I am really not difficult, but I found this very bad, especially how Turkish Airlines now deals with my complaint. I wrote them a letter about my experience with their company and how badly everything went. From their responses I can already see that they have not even gone through my complaint and are not taking me seriously. The mistakes they made: Change of flight with a layover of 26 hours. Incorrect change of data entered. Connection broke a few times during the call, when you call back you get another colleague and you have to tell your story all over again. Was not listened to, so they incorrectly redirected me. Due to their mistake I had to change the date again and the costs were charged to me, I was told 4 different prices ranging from 130-200 euros. I had to be present at the airport in Gazipasa at least 4 hours in advance to pay for my tickets and make sure my tickets would be in order, without payment I had no guarantee for the tickets. My flight was at 4.15 am. I was present at 11.30 pm, nobody from Turkish Airlines to be seen, they arrived at 02.15. I had to wait hours for nothing in a lot of stress. - Now that I have submitted a complaint, I have already received 2 nonsense responses, I am not taken seriously. I am far from satisfied, this has been a real horror.
  I flew from SFO on Sept 11th 2020 at 6pm to Istanbul with my two daughters and my brother. I was very very disappointed with the services during this long flight. Just one hour after flight they brought a box of food which included a small water, a kid juice, a pastry and a cold very dry cheese sandwich that was very hard to swallow. one hour later they threw a bottle of water at us, Then for eight hours no service. During this eight hours a few people went to the galley including myself and ask for something to eat they said they or out and don't have anything. Again after 8 hours they brought a brown bag which had the same things inside. As we know and understand we are dealing with Covid-19 but this should not be the excuse for this airline to serve this nasty food and cut the service and pocket more money in their pockets. The air plane was 90% full, I am sure they made money. There is nothing wrong with serving hot meals which was all covered up and came from over directly to the passengers. They could easily served small bottles of a wines, alcohol, sodas, hot tea and coffee. If all this are served in the restaurants why not air planes? One the biggest part of traveling and entertainment is food, In the air plane eating good food and good drinks make your time more enjoyable and your travel time goes a lot faster and you always remember the good food. My sister just traveled to Turkey by KLM airline and went through Europe, She could not talk enough about how good the food and the service was. They were served two hot meals, drinks and snacks through out the flight while the flight was only 30% full which for sure the airline is losing money. For sure this was my last flight with Turkish Airline and I don't recommend it to anyone. My family and I travel a lot this was a very bad experience.
  Due to Covid-19, Turkish Airlines started a promotion for healthcare workers who register to get a discount on future travels if booked before September 1, I registered and was sent a promo code that could never work. I kept calling customer relations who kept telling me their system was down when I called (on 3 different occasions) and I will get an email feedback soon or a phone call. It never happened and they were delaying till the supposed deadline was over. Their customer relations is very poor. The previous supposed good customer service is completely gone. I would recommend other European airlines like Air France or Lufthansa.
  Extremely disappointed, flew on a business class but the service was worse than a domestic bus service. I flew from LHE-IST-IAD. This is a very long flight with the first leg of 6 hours and then 4 hours lay over with the last leg of 10 hours. No proper meal was served, I didn't pay 3 times the fare for a boxed meal. No coffee or tea is allowed apparently due to Covid, which makes no sense at all. Why is it ok to fly then? Just cancel your flights so we have other options to decide from. Qatar is an absolute amazing airline, I just made a huge mistake by taking THY, this is extremely sad and disappointing to be treated like this in such a long haul flight, especially when you have paid business class fare. This is a perfect example how to cut cost by giving an excuse. of Covid. Also they don't offer any airline lounges on most of their destinations now. This is a sincere advice from them to fix these problems, already everyone I personally know don't want to fly THY, and the comments here are also not that encouraging for THY.
  The flight from Cebu to Manila started on time, no proper food, narrow seating. Upon arrival in Manila, with only small time to spare to catch the connecting code-share-flight, TK departs from Terminal 3, while PAL arrives in Terminal 2. In Manila the 4 terminals are far apart and not internally connected. Usually there is a shuttle bus by the airline to provide inter-terminal-connectivity. The last time I flew this route on same booking details, the shuttle even circled inside the airport between terminals, making security checks easy and the whole experience a breeze. Not this time. They had discontinued the shuttle and saw no responsibility in making sure that I will catch the flight. They told me to walk or pay for taxi, and they would not allow me to ride on their staff bus. This was a code-share of PAL with TK.
  Where is my refund? I have received instructions through the so-called "Feedback" system in order to deal with a wrongly issued ticket (I swapped first- and last name by error). They said, I should buy an identical ticket with the correct name in order to get the wrong one reimbursed. I did exactly that on August, 20th, 2020 and since then I have not got a response about if, how and when I will get a refund, although I contacted them numerous times thru different channels. Not even answering me is just so unbelievably disrespectful and it makes me feel like Im not dealing with a renowned airline.
  I bought a California-Tehran ticket online departing on Sep 16;Today is Sep10, and I am still not sure if they take me from Istanbul to Tehran.  They keep canceling the flight from Istanbul to Tehran as I see it on their flight status, but when I called the customer service asking them about my flight they confidently say the flight is on the schedule. I know It obviously, but I am pretty sure It will be off the schedule at the last minutes. They are getting on my nerves due to their misconduct I feel like they are running their business through people’s money while they do nothing except making trouble for the helpless passengers. I heard that they have taken a tricky approach on the purchased tickets to make the most profit out of it by not explicitly cancellation statement in advanced enough. instead they offer a different schedule or anything other than the cancelation. They don’t respect customers’ rights.
  Los Angeles to Tehran via Istanbul. I bought a ticket online from Turkish Airlines website. They canceled my flight one week before take-off with just an email without an explanation. When I made arrangements to use another airline and asked Turkish Airlines for a refund they advised me to email their LAX office as there is no phone or online options for refunds! Have sent 4 emails, no result. Will never use them again.
  It is unbelievable how the managers of Turkish Airlines managed to find a tricky way to receive cash and exploit the poor customers in pain to find a way to get to their homes during the startup of the pandemic. Turkish Airlines was one of the very few companies still allowing people around the world to look and book for flights, they would apply full charge to the credit card for flights which they knew would never be allowed to take off. Few days before departure they would claim COVID state restrictions to cancel the flight and offer all kind of compensations except of returning the stolen cash. I have tried to apply for standard refund (money back) from MAY to SEPTEMBER and initially they were asking to wait 2 months after flight restrictions have been lifted and after it happened they now answer they won t take any request of refund which is filed later than August 16th. Customers do not have any mean to defend their rights, the airline can only be contacted via contact form, the last one i have submitted did not even get a reply. I hope this is the last money the airline could unlawfully steal from poor users.
  The reservation that never took off. Turkish Airlines opened reservation for flights that was not allowed which led to cancellation by airline. This was considered as no show and they allowed themselves to get the money paid for the ticket. I do not recommend that you use this airline. It has not used any ethics during the crisis times.
 My wife and I were longtime customers and very loyal to this airline. Unfortunately they have been declining in their overall quality and value over the past few years. But, they are flat out lying about any protective measures against Covid-19 they are advertising. They are packing flights right now. You will be sitting next to strangers. They are not enforcing masks in flight. The man next to us, and several people that would come and stand next to us, repeatedly refused to wear masks. When we requested the flight attendants to do something about this and the people refused, they said there was nothing that they could do. So I guess people can smoke on Turkish Airlines flights now as well? You will have a frozen sandwich thrown on your lap with a cup of water. No organization for how a group of people packed on a flight is supposed to eat while staying protected. No other services are offered, no alcohol will be offered. They said that's for our own safety, but clearly this is all a desperate cash grab right now. If you want Covid-19, to be lied to, ripped off, and treated poorly, then fly Turkish. My wife and I will be looking elsewhere, accepting layovers and added travel time for our frequent trips to and from Turkey.
  Turkish Airlines (THY) used to have one of the best business class on short haul flights within Europe. Not anymore. At first, it might seem that certain elements of the older days' business class are unavailable due to some sanitary measures against the coronavirus. At least, this is what Turkish Airlines will try to make you believe in. Yet, on a closer look, you just realize that they are cost-cutting on whatever they can, even if their business class tickets cost as much as they did when it was good. What I find offensive as a customer is that deception of its customers is part of the economic model here.  They no longer serve you a proper warm meal in the business class and try to say that it is due to some anti-virus measures. But Lufthansa and many other airlines still do that with an additional measure of a transparent plastic cover on the top of your dining tray. If those airlines can, why cannot THY? The cold meal box that they provide (as an allegedly "safer" option) is so cheap that it just "screams" from within "we are cost-cutting!". For example, if hummus can be put there into that small covered round plastic bowl, why cannot they serve a proper dessert like say a chocolate mousse? And how is it more "dangerous" to serve a decent dessert in the same container in which they serve you their hummus anyway? Instead you get a Snickers bar as your dessert! Yes, a junk food in the business class! No more Champagne or French wines. Again, the board attendants will tell you this is because of the virus. Yet, the small bottles of a cheaper Turkish wines by Kavaklidere are still available (not for long may be). When you ask how is Kavaklidere wine brand "safer" than Louis Eschenauer wines or Piper-Heidsieck champagne that they used have you should not, of course, expect any satisfactory answer. Overall, both food and drink experience on board is just an impoverished version of what it used to be. They did not even have a Turkish ayran. The same is with the business lounge at the Istanbul airport. And given the examples I made, it is clear that these drastic downgrading in quality is far from being owned exclusively to precautions again the virus. Again, it is fine if an airline chooses a cost-cutting business model. But what is not fine is that they still sell you their "business class" for an old price which is nowadays a premium economy at best. So in the end, as a customer I feel tricked and deceived and realize that it is at the expense of customers like me that THY is trying to compensate for their losses by selling me the business class for an old price and then cost-cutting on my travel experience so that there is a larger net income from their new, downgraded "business class" ticket sales. And what is worse, is that they don't even seem to be interested in their customers opinion any more. There is no feedback for at their website! Clearly, purchasing Turkish Airlines business class ticket is never again. Sadly, I already have one more flight segment purchased. I
 Chicago O’Hare - Istanbul - Skopje Flight TK6 August 26th. First flight overcrowded no empty seat. No one is taking social distance. Dinner comes red box Open -big surprise (btw no choice) you get what you get. In the box one cold chicken salad sandwich, small juice, apple, box and small water chocolate muffin and something in a small box that has no label - just go with it and see what it is. Morning or lunch actually brown bag again turkey and cheese sandwich water box and orange one and blueberry muffin no choice no nothing. Still paying for my fare of $765 no coffee no other beverage non alcoholic or alcoholic. You can get cans of sodas of small bottles of wine or vodka, gin or whiskey the same ones airline companies were selling it for $10 a tiny bottle no?  Land in Istanbul went to IGA Lounge and had a great soup and hot meal wine, coffee and small packed desert - tiramisu Bless Amex platinum - Voila !!!!
  Istanbul to Doha. The seating for a narrow body aircraft was really good and the entertainment system was barely okay. The food was awful and juice selection was terrible just apple and orange.
  Please do not book flights with Turkish Airlines. It’s terrible. Turkish Airlines has been the worst nightmare. I have been calling them since April to reschedule my flight, canceled due to Corona, and here we are in August. The customer service is not helpful at all. Whatever you ask them their answer tends to be, I don’t know or I can’t do that. Then why are they representing Turkish Airlines if they don’t know how to do the job! All I need is a ticket reschedule or my money back and they can do neither of these things. After over 100 calls and emails I am exhausted and don’t know how to get my money back.
  Never in my worst nightmares did I think I’d have an experience as horrifying as this one. This was my first time traveling with Turkish Airlines and after the experience I’ve had I pray it was my last as well. I was travelling with my family of four (me, my husband, and my 2 kids). We couldn’t preselect the seats since the airline didn’t enable the online check-in which I’m assuming was to a measure taken to ensure social distancing on the flight. They placed us all separately, when I asked why they said it was because of the social distancing measures that we were placed rows apart next to strangers. Me and my husband were placed towards the front while my kids were seated right next to each other at the very back of the flight. My husband was placed one seat apart from whoever was next to him, however I was placed right next to some strangers with an empty seat next to the three of us - my kids were placed directly next to a stranger who turned out to be the mother of one who was also placed away from her kid. Soon we found out that most families were separated this way, which to me is pretty pointless.  I think if they were going to place people right next to each other they very well could’ve placed families AKA people of the same household next to each other instead. A few families were complaining about this prior to take off to which the crew responded very disrespectfully, (they went as far as name calling the passengers out loud) they kept on repeating this was ITA law, and they had to abide by it. They even called ground staff for one of the families. Thankfully the ground staff was way more reasonable and polite then the crew members. They shuffled a few people around including my kids very respectfully and without causing any more chaos. After the ground staff left one of the crew members returned to the family they primarily called the ground staff for and demanded they thank her because she “solved their problem” and proceeded to call the father an idiot once again. After witnessing all this my kids were terrified to move in fear of the crew disrespecting us in the same manner, despite the ground staff’s clearance. They were scared. Then came the flight from Istanbul to Manchester. This flight was fully booked there wasn’t a single seat that was empty. The cherry on top of this cake from hell was the food. Due to Covid-19 to reduce contact with staff they only served us once on both the 8hr and the 4hr flight with the same exact food. There were four items, a bottle of water, a juice box, a dry piece of cake, and a small size cheese and tomato baguette. The baguette was very dry as was the cake. These were hardly meal size portions, especially for an 8hr flight.
 I have been waiting for a refund for exactly 4 months and 10 days now. Funny thing is, on 14 Apr 2020 I received an email confirming they had issued the agreed refund. I have been following-up on a regular basis since then: through their web forms (around 10 times) and by calling the call centre. I wonder if I will ever receive it, actually. What I do know for sure is that I will never purchase tickets from this airline.
  I am just incredibly tired and sad how much difficulties Turkish Airlines caused to me. It is a so called premium airline but they were not even be able to change a flight date. It took me literally 3.5 hours on multiple phone calls to complete the data change and it was not even the date I wanted. Plus, they told me that they can not transfer the extra baggage I bought to my new flight. I paid 160 USD and neither I can cancel it, not I can change it to my new flight. They are forcing me to buy a new extra baggage for this new flight. If you have an alternative, just stay away from Turkish Airlines at all cost. I just feel sad how dis-organised and ill-mannered these guys are. Now my case is under review and I will visit this review to mention about the outcome (which I am not expecting any customer service or quality manners anyway). Just a very sad experience.
  A complete nightmare. Flexible/open tickets as offered on the website can't be changed as promised. Any email address of Turkish will bounce back immediately, tried dozens. Even as an Elite member I am told (up to the supervisor) that the "English text is misunderstand-able". No confirmation, names or case numbers are given. We have 3 tickets in our company, can't cancel because of website problems "Try again in 2 hours and call again". I love their onboard product and understand those are difficult times. But blocking all contact options and the chance to change a ticket is not the way to go.
 Traveled with Turkish airlines 2 years ago whilst going to Saudi Arabia and enjoyed my travel with them so decided to travel with them back again. So we traveled to Istanbul with COVID19, so we didn't get a hot meal got given a small bun sandwich, a tiny piece of cake, one little juice carton and a small water bottle. You don't get no options if it's a non vegetarian sandwich you just don't eat anything I guess. They should at least have two options. When we booked the flight we were told because of coronavirus they will be seats empty with between you and the next stranger but that wasn't the case at all. Everyone sitting right beside another stranger touching elbow to elbow. Not happy with my travel experience this time around.
  Over recent months I had several tickets re-arranged; cancelled; refunded; converted to Miles; etc. All done mostly online without any difficulty. A couple of phone calls and reports filed and all handled promptly and efficiently. My most recent flight was to London. The Miles & Smiles Lounge in Istanbul was open but limited food available. I asked where to find wine but was told " No alcohol because of Corona Virus".  I appreciate the risk of multiple guests handling a bottle, but surely some miniature bottles could be offered? On boarding no pre-flight drink. A small water would have been welcome. In flight they served cold Refreshments. Individual bottles of wine were available but I had to ask for a plastic glass. Clearly they expected me to drink the wine straight from the bottle. They explained that no hot food because of the virus. I noted a tray of what looked like foil-covered hot entrees being taken to a rear galley. Presumably the crew are allowed hot food. The seats were in configuration 2-3-2 with big dividers at face level between each passenger. But the dividers were all folded away. Arrived early and as I find on all my flights on that route, the luggage comes up before I reach the carousel, either in London or Istanbul. In the circumstances, an entirely satisfactory flight.
  My flight for September 2020 has been cancelled numerous times, destinations have been changed, etc. But that's kind of ok considering the whole Covid-19 situation. I'm a very patient person. Customer Support on the other hand is a bunch of unprofessionals. I had probably 10-12 different conversations with their staff over more than 5 hours. They either hang up on me or "line broke down". But it get's funnier. Someone changed the date of my flight Without my authorization, very very unprofessional, outrageous!. It was Not a mistake! Also: no one at Turkish Airlines knows that my flight has been cancelled, which I found out while trying to book some add ons. I've tried to explain the situation in a calm manner to plenty of their staff. No One helped! I am now hopeless that I'll ever board a flight of Turkish Airlines. I've filed several complaints, no reply. I'm now seeking refunds and I'll never book this airline.
  I was at the airport the early morning of 28 July 2020 to take TK 713 to Istanbul after I confirmed my booking the previous morning. I completed my Covid-19 screening at 2:20 AM (slip available on request). I proceeded to Turkish Airline check-in to be told that only Turkish passport holders and people with Turkish resident cards are now allowed into Turkey. I had an e-visa with me but it was not accepted. I also had a letter with me from my embassy in Ankara to confirm that I will be taking a repatriation flight with Turkish Airlines to Johannesburg on 31 July 2020. When I suggested that they allow me to stay in transit at Istanbul it was refused as well. According to them it was more than 24 hours and is not allowed.
  The coronavirus-related compensation programmes announced by Turkish Airlines are there just to fob clients with empty promises. They refuse to apply them and do not follow ticket change/refund terms as advertised on their website. I had a flight booked with Turkish Airlines from Montreal to Sofia in second half of March 2020. I could not travel due to rapidly evolving pandemic situation, with new travel advisories and restriction imposed, and borders closed literally every 24 hours. At that time, Turkish Airlines had already cancelled virtually all European flights as of March 14 and had announced seemingly customer friendly compensation policies such as the Open Ticket and the Zero Change Fee. Back then, I called Turkish Airlines customer center, explained precisely my case, provided airline confirmation number and they told me my ticket was cancelled and I was eligible for free ticket change under their Zero Change Fee policy. Whenever I’d decide my new dates of travel, I should simply call them back for issuing my new ticket – that’s what they told me and this fact is well documented. Beginning of July I contacted them to request ticket change for a flight in August for the same destination and same cabin class as per the Zero Change Fee policy terms. It’s been 3 weeks now and I still do not have my new ticket issued. During that time I spend a lot of time calling Turkish Airlines call center, speaking to customer care department, writing several feedbacks through the form on their website. They would not take responsibility, I was given a bunch of ridiculous explanations and excuses, even got shameful demands to collect fare difference or cabin class ‘upgrade’ for more money, all of which contradicts the published terms of their Zero Change Fee policy. So, bottom line is that they do not adhere to the terms of announced policies, waste customers time and deride customers by asking them to contact third parties or their sales offices that may be closed, despite their website states clearly that all requests can be completed by calling the call center or online, as I was told back in March. Their call center and feedback form is a complete waste of time, they are not there to solve problems, but just to lead customers to a dead end – replies are but general wording and one can clearly see nobody in their customer care department is really following your case, aware of details or even reading what you wrote to them. Everything is done to deceive customers and to procrastinate the fulfilment of customer’s requests, ultimately ruining their travel plans. It is a disgrace for a Star Alliance member to treat its customer in such a way and my vow to Turkish Airlines would be that more actions are coming to denounce the disgusting way they mistreat clients.
  Rubbish! Booked this airline - they canceled my flight from SIN - IST, then when it got that settled, they canceled all flights from IST - EWR and charged me for some reason the price difference to change my destination to JFK airport even though they canceled my flight in the first place. I should be getting compensated for all these cancellations by them but somehow they are charging me for it?
  I booked a flight TK185 and then TK68 Barcelona to Istanbul, a stop-over 3hrs, then Istanbul to Bangkok. This is to have been 1 flight with a stop of convenience to Turkish Airlines. They cancelled the 2nd part of the flight on 4 days notice and will only refund 473.38 Euros out of the 858.62 Euros I paid. They have not mentioned the 120E I paid for excess baggage. We knowingly booked anon refund flight as we want to get home. We booked 1 flight not 2 as Turkish appear to be trying to say. They have offered no alternative flight wise except to fly us to Istanbul and leave us there. My full fare should be refunded, as I do not want to stay in Istanbul as nice as it may be. To date I have credit voucher with KLM, waiting refund from SWISS and paid excess charges to CheapOair all to make one flight. Virus or not the airlines are sitting on customers money. 
  This is a warning to anyone buying a ticket from Turkish. In case of cancellation of the airline, they will only start refunding customer 60 days after they resume their full international schedule flight. That may be in a very, very long period of time. I was told this today. That means that you should not expect any refund from this airline this year or maybe next. It is a shame that a star alliance member airline can behave in this way.
  During the time of a pandemic you would think that airlines would stop being greedy and stop deceiving you as a customer. When booking on the website, the middle seats on the flight were blocked as in the middle seat cannot be occupied in order to keep some distance. When I boarded the flight was full, and some people weren’t even wearing their masks. On top of that, you pay a full ticket price assuming that since you’re not on a low fare airline you would be served a snack or coffee. Nothing was served except water. And while booking if you wanted to choose a seat you’d have to pay extra! I don’t understand how is this allowed at a normal airline. 
  Very rude call centre people once they take your money from card you are abandoned as no help you get from them. Flights have been cancelled, no email notification, no live information, no refund after 3 months! This is the last time I am using them.
  The worst airline ever. My 2 baggage have lost around 4 months. I have done everything that you can imagine: filling report, calling the airline, following their website's feedback but up to now, no one takes responsibility. No one says what do I do to get my luggage. So irresponsible
  Starting with the first purchase with Turkish Airlines, I have ordered a ticked for June 22, 2020 (After airline began flights starting June 19th), my flight got canceled. I opted in to have my next flight July 7,2020 ... a week later that flights get canceled as well, so I call the 1-800 number, wait for 45 minutes to be connected with someone, that is each time I have to call and wait for 45-70 minutes to be connected. Once done so, the airline schedules me for July 1st. The flight they scheduled me for uses United Airline to fly from DEN-ORD and then Turkish Airlines from ORD to Istanbul and to Kiev. Long story short, I am moving to Ukraine permanently so I cancel my lease and get to the airport only to find out that flight from United doesn't even exist. Calling Turkish .. after 30-40 minutes of wait, I get a feedback case number. 7 hours later, still nothing besides the email saying "we have a feedback case open". Basically no flight rebooking, no rerouting. Now I am sitting in hotel as I have no place to stay, no relatives in USA and I don't have a lot of money to do this for more than few days. On top of everything, I am sitting on the phone with Turkish Airlines and waiting for 1 hours 32 minutes and 33 seconds as of now. No response.  Always book on Expedia or other merchants as they offer protection... don't fly Turkish Airlines.
  Hong Kong to Málaga via Istanbul. Be aware of this airline, these days they just cancel flights for no reason and last minute. They cancelled 2 times of my flight ticket HK - Istanbul- Málaga. You don't want this for you, especially during a pandemic situation, while everything is changing, all you want is a reliable airline that take you to your destination as planned. I changed everything (hotels, rentals and even with my dog) The experience for booking ticket for my dog traveling along wasn’t nice either. The way to book is to call their call center, where they only know how to keep seat but no idea in regards to the process sending and picking up dog at both airports, you have to call local sales team for it. But for my case the HK local team has no responding for 2 weeks and still hasn’t replied a proper answer.
  Tashkent to Toronto via Istanbul. Try do not buy ticket from this airlines. They will cancel your ticket anytime and will ask you pay more to reschedule your trip. Turkish Airlines are not reliable at all. At the beginning you think you are buying cheap ticket but later it will cost your more than others.
  Turkish Airlines nowadays just drag your feet to make a reservation and get your money, they followed adopted a shameful and unethical to get your money. They sell me a ticket and they canceled my flight 48 hours later after I made the reservation, and after I called them to confirm they will resume the operation starting 7/1/20. They canceled my departure flight, they were telling me my return flight is still active, why, because of Covid19, so why COVI9 is impacting the departure trip and not impacting the return trip, it's only 10 days apart. And there were no changes related to COVID19 during that 48 hours. How can I use the return flight if the departure is canceled, they didn't offer me to even reschedule the departure trip, they offer a voucher when I asked for a refund, they said no refund for Economy Class. I mentioned to them about other specific airlines whey offered a refund for economy class, then when they get stuck, they said, this is our policy.
  Turkish Airlines has adopted a shameful policy to recover their losses and finance their operations these days. They sell you ticket (only to get your money, no intention to fly you to your destination), then cancel the flight and keep you hostage by refusing to refund your money. They don't answer phones and emails. You have to accept a credit to be used in a year or pay a penalty and still wait god knows how many months or years before they decide to give your money back. It's so dishonest and shameful. Never ever again trust them.
  This is by far the worst company I have travelled with. They changed my flight 5 times and constantly giving me false information. They are part of the Star Alliance group, but doesnt want to give you ticket from other of their alliance members. Refunding your money will take a year and this basically means you are being a bank for them. They are constantly not picking their phones and putting you on hold. From April, now I'm not even sure will i fly in July! This is ridiculous. 
  It is appalling how bad Turkish Airlines handled their refunding options during the COVID period. Their website clearly states the following options for a refund: open ticket, free change request, refund in Miles, refund with a voucher, standard refund; however, whenever you contact them the only real option is free change request. As a frequent flyer to Turkey, I will use other airlines going forward. During this outbreak all other airlines I had reservations with gave a full refund within days; however, Turkish Airlines is refusing to have any common sense and make sure their customers are suffering.
  They do not respond to emails, I wonder what they do? knowing they have already our money taken in advance no support or service is provided to us and our flights are getting cancelled.This is not acceptable. In the past they had the call centre in Romania and they was helpful and amazing, now due to cost cutting they moved to Ukraine where people do not understand customer service, very rude staff-huffing and puffing in my ear on the phone knowing they have cancelled my original flight (this was well before the CORONA VIRUS) I have to say Turkish Airlines is the most customer unfriendly airline I have ever flown with, cannot wait to get my money back. They put you as well to log a a customer relation ticket in order to get rid of you from the phone,, so you waste even more time doing that knowing they have cancelled originally the flight, and after their response is another standard template not even addressing the the original issue. 
  Panama City to Tehran via Istanbul. Tragedy. I will never travel with Turkish Airlines again. I had both the visa and the residence card of the country I wanted, but at the entrance of the flight gate, my wife and my pregnant wife were prevented from flying, and we were displaced at the Turkish airport for three days, and no one was held accountable. The flight attendants were very ignorant and stubborn. Finally, after ten days  and following up with the embassy of my country and enduring a lot of expenses, I was able to save myself and my family.
  Cairo to Manchester via Istanbul. They cancelled my flight, not informed me and refused to reroute my way back home. When I submitted a complaint they said "since all the procedure applied was in accordance with the rules". I replied Can you please tell me which rules say that: 1. You do not have to inform your passengers by any means of communication about their flight cancellation? Clearly you haven't informed myself or my booking agent that the flight was cancelled. 2. You do not have to reroute your passengers onto another flights to help them get back to their homes? Again you failed to help me with that.
  Stuttgart to Douala via Istanbul. This is the worst company you can fly with. I strongly disadvise anyone who will want to travel with them. It is sometime cheaper, but believe me it is not worth it! They left us at the airport on my return for more than 9 hours without given us any reasonable reason. They treated us in Istanbul like animals. When I came back, I wrote to the customer service to ask for reparation, and they couldn't even give me something. It is a real shame.
  I am very frustrated with this airline. Due to the Pandemic of Corona Virus, they were unable to make the flight from Sao Paulo to Istambul. However, now they say it could take 1 year - yes, 1 whole year - to refund my money, which would be very important right now with the economic crisis we have ahead. I agree that the money i already paid should be refund later, as we now the airlines are also suffering a lot, but the most impressive is they refuse to cancel the payments i have in the next 4 months. That means one thing: we, customers, became banks for them. We pay every month for tickets that no longer exists, and after 12 months, they will give our money back - no interests, of course! Easy like that, right?  Every single peace of the Tourism economy took a huge blow, but it appears Turkish Airlines thinks they are really special. One thing is for sure, never fly with them!
  I am appalled by how Turkish airlines is handling my case considering the circumstances of this virus. My flight was March 18 and literally days before the U.S. started banning travel to countries to Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. I also had a bad cough, extreme sore through, and running nose. With all this being said, if I would have gone to Turkey, firstly I could have been taken under quarantine for weeks as soon as I arrived because of my sickness and second if I were to have left the U.S. and then there was a travel ban to Turkey (like there was to multiple upon multiple countries literally days before) I wouldn’t have been able to make the flight home for any of my elderly at risk family members.  I am being offered a voucher good till next February but the fact of the matter is I’m out of work, I have been for months, I can barely feed myself and pay my bills. I will not be able to travel outside of the country regardless if I have a voucher or not. I’m disgusted with how Turkish Airlines has this image of being extremely caring for its customers and random people around the world, yet those who cannot afford to accept this voucher and who cannot travel outside of the country are just stuck to waste a thousand dollars that would quite literally SAVE ME. This is absurd and I have spoken to every single person I can in the call center, feedback centers, etc and I am lost for words the disrespectful my situation and I’m sure so many others.
  London to Antalya via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines has disappointed me extremely, as I landed in Istanbul. Everything went downhill from there from being treated horribly with no information given to me and I was sent back due to having a Norwegian Passport. I lost my transit as I was planning to go to Antalya to see my husband and wasn’t able to. Every single staff has turned a blind eye to me and no sympathy nor information was shown to me. Myself and another passenger was sent back to London after being stuck in the Istanbul airport for 5 hours and we was being treated like a criminal, we were the last people to get on the plane back to London and they wouldn’t give us our passports until we landed in London (once again for no reason). I was beyond furious and wrote feedback after feedback to Turkish Airlines and nobody has reached me yet to explain what happened or even had the decency to apologise. Never will I travel with them or even go to Istanbul. Horrible experience
  Miami to Tel Aviv via Istanbul booked for June 2020. I asked to be refunded since I paid cash for my trip overseas and due to the Covid 19, where I am traveling to, they have closed the borders. The rep refused to refund me my money back and stated that I would still be able to travel. I am in shock right now and just want my refund. This is the first and last time I deal with this airline company. They need to train their staff to be sympathetic during this time.
  Delhi to Boston via Istanbul. I was scheduled to fly to the US in the second week of April for a workshop, for which I had booked a ticket through a travel agent. Given the cancellation in the flight from the airline's side, I was promised that I would be given the option of either a change in travel date without paying an extra amount or be issued an open ticket. Despite multiple reassurances through a set of mails (in response to the service request tickets that I had generated) and the information displayed on their website, customer service refused to provide any redressal to the complaint. I was shocked by his blatant refusal to even provide a service id / reference for the complaint that I wanted to place on record. This is a blatant violation of consumer rights and points towards a glaring lack of respect for the rights of travellers.  The airline seems hellbent on trampling upon consumer rights and the lack of action against such a corporate behemoth only points towards the glaring loopholes in the system
  My luggage is lost in Turkish flight from Ankara to Istanbul more than one month ago and nobody answers me when I contact Turkish airlines. I have lots of valuable things there and I am so sad why they didn't do anything for me.
  London to Cape Town via Istanbul. I have never had a worse experience with an airline.  The customer service number is 100% unhelpful and continuous loop of registered messages that answers no useful questions whatsoever, and now I find out that my partner and I got charged almost 10 pounds for calling it! We could not get in contact with anyone during the COVID crisis. Automated Facebook messages kept coming back to me and were of no help at all 3) we get to the airport to find out that we would not be allowed on the flight because we left our home country less than 14 days in advance. for what crazy reason could the airline not send out an email about this to give us enough time to make alternative plans? We were even allowed to do the online checkin 24 hours in advance like nothing was wrong!!! Not only they left us on the ground, but they wouldn't give us any help with finding alternative travelling arrangements, nor a hotel.T his is clearly a breach of their duty of care to passengers. Wouldn't even allow us to request a refund that usually takes 7 days!! Absolutely the worst airline ever and worst customer service ever. 
 Keyseri to Athens via Istanbul. Terrible customer service, can’t get hold of anyone. Trying to get a refund and in a time of crisis, they seem to be the only airline not giving them $50 AUD refund on and $800 AUD booking when we can’t travel. I’d give them minus stars if possible.
  Atlanta to Istanbul. The inbound flight was comfortable since it was only about 3/4 full. New equipment good movies and food. Problems started once we got to the US and flights started to cancel. My return on March 27 was cancelled but I cannot get a hold of anyone. I tried the office in ATL, NYC,LAX no answers. The 800 line is not working. Calling Istanbul directly did not help because after a while they drop the line (tried 3 times). Emails are almost impossible because you receive a standard non-reply from them .. what in the world is one supposed to do in order to make changes?
  Seychelles to Budapest via Istanbul. Apart from cancelling the trip, they are not reachable through customer service and also seem to turned off functionalities in their mobile app and website intentionaly, so it's not possible to get refund or reschedule. I believe it is also not customer centric to cancel flights a day before the trip.
  Istanbul to Moscow. The plane is old. The seats are old and recline to a small angle! Basic food, no fun! The harnessing system practically does not work, since it is very old.
  St Petersburgh to Istanbul. Seats recline at a small angle! Basic food, no fun! The main thing is that since 2020, Turkish Airlines have ceased to provide a business lounge in St. Petersburg. When I wrote the appeal, they answered rudely.
  Bogota to Istanbul. The Boeing 787 seats are new and have direct access, but very narrow, it is not comfortable to sit, even if the height is small. The choice of food is not large. Stewards are not always attentive.
  Istanbul to Mexico City. The seats are new and have direct access, but very narrow, it is not comfortable to sit, even if the height is small. The choice of food is bad. Stewards are not always attentive.
  London to Ho Chi Minh City via Istanbul. Staff did not look happy to help taking up my suitcase to the overhead bin. On the second flight, they took my hand luggage to the checked in luggage without asking my permission. Turkish Airlines denied to compensate the damage they caused on my luggage. According to their reasons to do so, my claim was not approved because I did not claim to them right after my flight on the day i landed. First of all, the damage is hard to be seen when I received my luggage at the airport. Secondly, I am pregnant, I was very tired after a long flight and a long 1-hour queuing at the border. Thirdly, this is the first time my suitcase got damaged, how would I know what I was supposed to do at the first place, because of your vague requirements which are unreasonable, should I have gone back to the airport, put my suitcase back on the baggage belt and take pictures for evidence there? I am very unhappy with how your airline handle my case.
  This is regarding my flight booking from Mumbai to Berlin via Istanbul on 14th March. Due to the ongoing corona virus and the University being shut down (Information received from College on 12th of march), I could not travel on the same date. I tried calling the airline multiple times on 12th and 13th March but did not get any reply. I did not expect this kind of response from your airline. 
  New York to Cape Town via Istanbul, Amid all the corona virus issues, the airline would not be flexible to waive the fee when international travel from the US is being restricted. I received travel credit after paying $150 to cancel, if I didn't have the travel credit then I wouldn't be flying on them. Completely unprofessional. Make sure if you book with them that you don't have any emergencies or the country be quarantined because you'll be screwed. They don't care.
  London to Istanbul on 13 February. One of most rubbish and rude customer services. Our flight had 12 hours delay and when I claim for compensation for first few days and weeks tried to play the game and when they did find I am serious they start offering. And after except their offer they start playing gave to give me the cheque. Several times I called them and they pretended not hearing my voice but clearly you can understand they are pretending. I am really sorry for people who spending their money for this rubbish airline. 
  Malta to Bali via Istanbul. First time using Turkish Airlines for Long Haul and certainly will be the last. The worst and most unprofessional airline I have ever flown with. Extremely rude staff both flights, now had my connecting flight changed without notice or warning and any contact attempts ignored after being delayed 12 hours, not to mention part of our group had their connecting flights changed to before their first flights which makes the connecting flight impossible to reach. The person contacted support spent 30 minutes to be hung up on disgusting primitive behaviour. Do not fly Turkish Airlines.
  Avoid Istanbul airport, it is not practical. There is no internal transportation system and passengers end up walking miles and miles from point to point. Sign signal was poorly managed, airport staff were not friendly and  most of the time they were busy on their mobile. Worst of all was Turkish airline business class check in staff. They were rude and doesn’t have a ‘service’ attitude. They had no smile on their faces. It seemed they simply want to finished checking passengers and get back to their mobile chat programs. Worst was the manager where she doesnt have a clue when one of her check in staff asked for more details (the check in staff also had no clue despite being at business check in counter - no training?). Sadly let down by the airport and business class check in staff. The on board crew were very friendly and welcoming. Food was excellent too. Seating was nothing great. 
  Istanbul to Stuttgart. One of the best crew I have had on a flight: professional, smiling, engaging. New A321, comfortable seats, wide section of movies, very good hot meal. Landed ahead of schedule. 
  Stuttgart to Istanbul. Short European flight but high level of service and comfort. Excellent cabin crew, very good hot meal. Plus, this specific plane had great legroom. Landed ahead of schedule.
  I have booked a flight to Istanbul on 14th March via my travel agent..But due to the latest development of the Covic'19 crisis, we decide to pull out on 6th March and sent an appeal via our agent to postpone our trip to a future date. We didnt even request for a refund, we just requested to postpone to a future date when it is safer to travel .On 5th March 2020 a Turkish airline plane that landed in Singapore was found to carry a covic19 victim.. So we have every reason and right to protect ourselves and by not travelling to Turkey during this time of crisis. However our request has been turned down. The response from the Turkish airline has been very disappointing and irresponsible, no postponement is allowed. They should put the lives of customers above their self interest. 
  Kathmandu to Cluj-Napoca via Istanbul. Terrible. The flight never arrived to destination due to weather conditions, they told us that we can book any transport (flight, taxi, bus) and that the customer service will pay for it. Luckily for me my new flight was only 55euros, because even after 2 months of fight, they having gave me my money back. Never travel with them.
  I had very unpleasant experience with Turkish Airlines.  On 5th of February I purchased ticket from Chicago to Kazan via Istanbul for dates of Apr 1, 2020 - Apr 17 ,2020. I printed out confirmation and was happy about my purchase. It showed that transaction went successfully and I did not receive any email or notification that there is any problem with it. Next day, I id login to my account to select seats, which I did successfully. And that is it. Today, on the 2nd  March, 2020 I decided to login to my account in order to change the seats and could not locate my ticket, although I have both Reference number and ticket number. After multiple attempts to find my ticket I had to call customer service on this phone number 800-874-8875. I spoke to representative and explain my issue. I gave my ticket number and she located it. But she said that it was cancelled and refunded. When I asked why it was cancelled and who did this, she replied that it was cancelled by the system. Unfortunately, she did not provide clear explanation why that happened. Also, there was no apology for inconvenience at all. She suggested filling out feedback form on the website and calling back with Feedback reference number. She said that in that case I will be transferred to Customer relations and they will be able to see detailed reason and will be able to explain the situation. I  fill out feedback form and attached prove I have that I purchased the ticket.  After that, I called again and gave that number to operator; also I want to mention that all the agents I spoke to where kind of rude and inconsiderate. Which is shocking and unacceptable, and I did not expect that such a company will have such poor customer service. I was transferred to customer relations. After couple minutes, she got back to me and said that my ticket was cancelled right away and refunded by system. And again, I did not hear clear explanation why that happened. Also, there were no apologies, no saying sorry. She just said that she cannot do anything and that is it. I asked her to see if there is any solution, she muted me and even did not listen to me talking. I asked her to take of the mute so I can feel that I am speaking to live person. She said that she did that so there will be no noises on the background. I said that it does not bother me. I tried to explain my issue again so she can advice solution and again right in the middle of me talking she put me on mute again. After that she started interrupting me and giving sign that she fed up with me and she wants to end this conversation.  She put me on mute again and in that moment I asked her to transfer me to supervisor or manager. She did not reply back, I started saying: “Hello, Hello”. She took me from mute and said that she hears me and that she cannot help me. I asked her did you hear my question. She was not able to confirm that she did. I said that this is very disrespectful and that I will be complaining about my experience.
  It is a disappointment with Turkish Airlines that knowing there is a travel ban for Singaporeans into Tel Aviv due to COVID-19, they refused to waive the cancellation charges after approaching them on several encounters and insisted to apply their travel fare policies on us. This is my 1st time and my last time booking air tickets with this star alliance airline who don't place customers' safety as part of their customer satisfaction. SIA, land tour agency and Shangri-La at Istanbul graciously cancelled the bookings with full refund when there was no cancellation in their policies. Imagine what will happen if we were to travel there and be stranded at the airport and still have to incur further expenses to book our own accommodation and flight back. When the whole world is combating a pandemic outbreak, they are looking at profiting out of travellers like this. This is totally irresponsible and uncommon in customer satisfaction.
  Male to Amsterdam via Istanbul. The worst customer service I have never experimented. I forgot something on the plane and I did realized 15 minutes after I left the plane, but the doors were already closed, I went to help desk of Turkish airlines and they told me, go to lost and found, there they told me that was just for the airport not plane lost and founds so again I went to another desk from the Turkish airline company, they told me to go through passport control to get my item because I needed to enter to turkey area to get my item (I couldn’t cause I was on a transfer, so I didn’t have visa) so they told me to not worry you can fill a form in Amsterdam, we will send the item to your home address. Once in Amsterdam they told me is not possible cause the plane never landed here, so they hive me a email address, when they ask a lot question about my item ( including password to verifying) they say It is there and I can pick up between now and 3 months in the airport of Istanbul, or give power of attorney signed by notary to some one (to who? I don’t know anyone there) so what now?? Nothing! I lost my item, and the best thing is that now they have for free because they even know the password! That it is what Turkish airlines does! Keep all you can forget in the airport. That in my country is called stealing-  yes Turkish airlines are stealing items from their passengers. Nver will fly with them anymore.
  I flew from Helsinki to Istanbul and onward to Kathmandu. I was told in Helsinki that they were not sure if I would be able to receive my luggage at the same time in the destination when I arrive. However, to make sure I asked Turkish Airlines in Istanbul Airport if my luggage was on board. And, the female official confirmed that the one luggage is on board. To my surprise, I didn't receive my luggage here in Kathmandu. It is now clear that she lied to me about my luggage. I was told by Turkish Airlines that they have no knowledge about my luggage. Some say that they can not track my luggage, some say it will come in next flight. I am in Kathmandu just for 10-14 days only. Already here the second day, and really cold here. While asking around, I am told that Turkish Airlines have many luggage mismanagement incidents specially when you have transit in Istanbul.  It is really sad that I have to give a bad review because contrary to management staff, the cabin crew were friendly. The meal was good, flight was comfortable. But, they are real mess when it comes to luggage handling.
  Johannesburg to Dusseldorf via Istanbul. Never again. Turkish Airlines be one of the worst airlines I ever flew. After dinner and breakfast they take forever to remove the plates. Crew were not very friendly. Not checking regularly on passengers for water or something else to drink. On my route back, plane was delayed without prior warning. I was sent from checkin counter to ticket sales and back to check in counter. waited more than 2 hours to be helped. eventually got rebooked for the next day. Wifi didn't work on my outbound flight and old movies on the entertainment system. Entertainments system was slow and difficult to touch as calibration was out. no apologies from the airline. First time and last time.
  Dakar to Prague via Istanbul. They changed our flight and we had to wait 10 hours at the airport. Via email they promised Istanbul tour but at the airport we have been told that tour started 8:30 and next is too late to be back on time at the airport (we still have almost 9 hours to wait). Nobody helped us, they was sending us from hotel desk to information and from information to denied flight and nobody was able to tell as what to do. Service unbelievably horrible! I have tried to ask for compensation but all what they sent have been just s few formal and unsympathetic messages that they're just unable to offer any kind of compensation.  This is was our very last flight with Turkish Airlines.
  Tashkent to Belgrade via Istanbul. Our flight from Tashkent to Istanbul got delayed and we missed our connection flight. The next one was after 10 hours. I have had the most unpleasant experience. 1st they promised hotel. Made us walk for hours and then we finally came to immigration, they say you are not permitted since you don't have a visa. The airline staff were downright rude. There were rooms available in the airport hotel but we were not provided with rooms. 
  Prague to Sharm el Sheikh via Istanbul. Overbooked flights, missed flight because plane left earlier than scheduled (b/c was oversold) and they cancelled the return ticket, so we ended up paying triple for buying two new tickets because the operator did not care to tell us and did not care. Customer service is a nightmare, barely understandable English, very rude and don't care about the customers at all. Spoiled holiday.
  Istanbul to Vienna with an Airbus A321-200. The cabin was spacious and clean, the crew polite and helpful. Took off after a while due to heavy traffic over IST airport and the breakfast service started, for a 2 hours flight served an amazing breakfast with many drinks options and scrambled eggs were very tasty. A small IFE screen in front of me, but with a great selection of films or TV series, although I was too tired to watch something. Fast luggage delivery at the airport and very positive overall impression.
  Atlanta to Istanbul. Very bad service, would never recommend to anyone. There's no wheel chair available. My mom is disable and they made her walk 4 km. Worst service ever. No body speaks English nor polite. The lady who was dealing with wheelchair was very rude. This was my big mistake trying to travel through Istanbul to go Jeddah as it's big hurdle to change airport with all luggage and reach late to other airport because of traffic. They took 2 hours to just get my mom to baggage claim no 9.
  Amsterdam to Bangkok via Istanbul. Crew were attentive, except one female crew in TK 1952 from AMS. Which I thought cabin crew for BC has always been the chosen ones, but I was wrong. Onboard catering is delightful, thanks to Do&Co, except the scrambled egg for breakfast. It was not scramble egg that I know, watery almost like porridge / congie egg. I was having me time at the lavatory, the door being knocked loudly from outside What shock me the most is that, the lady who were in the queue was economy passenger. Cbin crew must have recognize their BC passangers. Told to the cabin manager, and luckily she responded professionally. WiFi onboard was pretty fast.
  Dammam to New York via Istanbul. Traveled in business class on a 14+ hour trip. Catering service in the flight was very poor. Had asked for special meal due to dietary restrictions. After boarding, special meal was confirmed by cabin crew. However at the time of service, cabin crew acted as if they didn't know anything about special meal. This was the second time this has happened to me in Turkish Airlines business class on IST-JFK route. When I gave feedback to their online portal, I was told that special meal was available and I chose not to eat it. Why would a person with dietary restrictions choose not to eat their preferred meal on a 10+hr flight? Also wanted a bottle of water and could not get it after asking the flight attendant multiple times. Saw other passengers were given bottles of water. It is more convenient to have a bottle than to get up and get a small glass of water multiple times. Lesson learnt is to eat at the airport before boarding long haul TK flights and grab a few bottles of water from the lounge in IST. You never know if you will get food and water on board.
  Los Angeles to Lahore via Istanbul. Very poor service and uncaring crew and staff. Hope to never have to fly with them again. The ground staff to the plane crew, felt like they hated their jobs and were miserable. Unapologetic and uncaring to the max! The lady at the IST airport at the check in con yet couldn’t find my reservation even after providing my PNR code and 5 mins later when she did, she made us feel like it was our fault for some reason. Horrible customer service. The planes on both routes were super old! They need upgraded planes after spending so much money building that  new airport. The old planes don’t do justice. Spend a little more if you can, and fly with an airline that actually cares about their passengers.
  Dar es Salaam to Washington via Istanbul. Initially when I was traveling out of Dulles, the gate agent told me to sit down and wait till boarding was completed; fair game since I was standby. Finally I got on the flight all the way to Dar es Salaam without any problem in the class that I listed for. On the return leg when I reached Istanbul and went to the transfer desk, I was told to go through security and go to the transfer desk on the other side (what is even more pathetic that Turkish Airlines staff level of English is appalling or they just have no interest in learning/speaking it). I went to the transfer desk by my gate and was given a confirmed seat in business class. When the time came for boarding, I was told to sit aside because business class was "full" and I said to the gate agent, "why did you give me a boarding pass for a confirmed seat?" and he got annoyed at me then I said "since you want to downgrade me, I am demanding my money back" to which his reply was "you contact Turkish Airlines for that" and throughout the entire period he continued to be rude and condescending even though he knew I was a crew member. At one point he even threatened to close the gate if I didn't decide what I wanted to do. Long story short, I got thrown out of business class into economy and got treated like dirt. Having a codeshare/Zed ticket doesn't give any gate agent or rep to be rude or condescending because I am still a customer at the end of the day. Turkish Airlines needs to change their behavior and lose their arrogance. First off they need to learn how to speak English proficiently in today's travel industry. The last thing any customer wants is to struggle to understand someone behind a desk who doesn't speak English. Secondly they need to learn how to treat customers because they have zero concept of customer service. A shiny new airport and new jets do not mean anything or hold no ground if customer service is non-existent.
  Amsterdam to Istanbul. The flight was delayed for around 50 minutes in departure.  Ground staffs were good at Amsterdam Schiphol airport. Cabin crew were good, food was good. This airline sent me a email offering me a compensation of 300 Euro due to the dela).
  I took a flight with Turkish Airlines from Stockholm to Tunis via Istanbul on Monday and it's has been almost three days and I don't know anything about my in checked baggage! They don't even know where is the bag or what it did happen to it. When I contact their customer service they just ask me to follow my application online and tell that they will contact me as soon as possible but they never do. They have the same answer that they copy past. Be careful flying with this company.
  Bangkok to Tirana via Istanbul. The ground staff and customer service are incompetent, way worse than any low cost airline. My 70+ years old parents had to spend a day at the Istanbul airport and buy a new ticket because they couldn't get two boarding passes for two Turkish Airline flights (separate) from the check-in desk. You'd say online check-in, sure .. 'Sorry our system does not work, we're still in pre-Ataturk times'. Their luggage was sent to destination, but the 19th century system and useless staff could not handle two Turkish Airline tickets. Customer service keeps saying: 'we can't take care of luggage for two separate flights with us', even though missing the connecting flight is unrelated to luggage (which I repeated 10 times now). 
  Istanbul to Singapore. The aircraft is nice and cabin is well maintained. I appreciate that Turkish still maintain a 3-3-3 layout for B777 while some others start to allocate 10 seats per row. The entertainment system is good with a great choices of movie. The first thing annoying is the long queue at boarding gate. The gate staff check visa one by one at boarding, which is usually done by counter staff at check-in instead. The meal choice is the same as other regional flights, which means if you are unfortunately a transit passenger, you may have to eat the same thing on both flights. The cabin crew are impatient. When she asked me for meal preference and I answered, she didn't reply a single acknowledging word like "okay". I thought she probably missed my answer in the noise cabin so I repeated my choice again. Surprisingly she looked at me with a very unpleasant face and inpatient tone saying "yes yes I know". Overall I have a very mixed feeling about this fast expanding airline. I like its young fleet and good interior facility. But they have to improve staff attitude towards passengers from different regions.
  Jakarta to Iayseri return via Istanbul. We tried to do an online check in prior to our departure just so we could pick our seat, however somehow we couldnt pick the seat as well so we decided to just go to the airport and pick our seat during check in hoping the airport worker could help us. For our flight back (Istanbul-Jakarta), again we asked to be seated together, however the airport worker on the check in desk did not even try to help, she only said its a full flight and ignored us. Turned out i was seated in an emergency exit, which i have informed the flight attendant if possible i want to move my seat, the flight attendant just told me to have a seat and ignored me? The flight attendants in all flights with turkish airlines are so arrogant and not friendly, and ordering us to do stuff disrespectfully. For the checkin seating issue, im not sure if its the airline's fault (about the online check in of course its the airline's fault) or just the worker in the check in desk in Istanbul airport is too lazy and too ignorant to help us locate our seat together, because our flight from Istanbul to Kayseri is similar, the person on the check in desk did not help us to be seated together, and we are seated separately (three of us), even that with my brother who is still underage. The food on our flight from Jakarta to Istanbul was awful, but the other food is okay. Amongst all, the flight attendance's attitude and the seating disturbed me the most.
  Cairo to Istanbul. A high quality of hardware for the cabin, catering and entertainment. There is a great variety of choices of movie. The most disappointing part is the staff, both ground and cabin. The check-in counter staff at Cairo are unwilling to help on choosing seat, without even checking the availability when I ask for. The cabin crew are impatient on listening to passengers requests. 
  Dhaka to Paris via Istanbul in May 2019. Except the ground staffs of Istanbul airport everything was good. Good food. On time departure. On board staff were friendly. Entertainment was good.
  Baku to Los Angeles via Istanbul. I have not even taken this flight yet, it's coming up in March and I am already frustrated beyond words with the Feedback System. When my itinerary from Baku-LAX (17 hours in the air) was purchased, I bought seat selection for extra comfort, especially the long haul from IST-LAX and return. I had to make a slight change in the departure from Baku-IST by a few hours earlier. Because of this change on the initial segment of my flight, all seat selections for the entire itinerary were cancelled, a loss of over 200 euros. I chose to repurchase the seat selection again for a cost of 200 euro. After 2 formal requests to be refunded for the loss of 200 euros in cancelled seat selections, TK simply keeps referring me to the feedback form online and reminds me that I agreed to the changes before I confirmed that change in departure date. Had the vague message at the time of ticket change been made clear, something like "your seat selections for ALL seats on this entire itinerary will be lost" I would have never changed the departure date. However, the corporate response from TK continues to refer me to this feedback form which keeps sending me the same unsatisfactory response. TK prides itself on flying to more countries than any other, but who cares. The focus should be on improving the customer experience when dealing with people. TK staff have no decision making power and zero ability to change anything, even after talking to the "highest level" of customer service. Robotic staff who repeat the same corporate jargon and policies over and over are not trained at all to deal with real people with real issues. Get it right and start treating long term customers better or your once a week flights to random African destinations don't mean much.
  Never buy the Turkish Airlines Refund / Cancellation option, they will never refund you. They make it seem flexible when purchasing your trip on the website but you will never get refunded and will end up paying your initial flight ticket more expensive for absolutely nothing.
  Istanbul to Singapore. Great service, very helpful and friendly cabin crew. Flight was on time. I love Turkish food and food selection and taste the best.
 Amsterdam to Skopje via Istanbul. Terrible experience! Lost our bags after upgrading to Business Class without apology or compensation. Overcharged us and lied about availability on return trip. I do not recommend this airline when traveling Southern Europe. Choose another and avoid disappointment.
  Milano to Hanoi via Istanbul. Worst customer service ever, I know it's economy class, but even with other companies in economy class they don't treat you like that specially if you travel with your family and you have a 1 year old baby.
  Antalya to Odessa via Istanbul. As a result of 9 hr delayed flights, our check-in suitcases were totally destroyed! At Lost & Found they told to contact the Airline, but there was no Turkish Airlines office in Odessa airport! Moreover, THY local hotline support told us that we shall prepare and send a complaint to HQ! I prepared, printed, sent by post - no any feedback! So I contacted by e-mail. And again they refuse providing us any help and compensation, while we can have a compensation for delay as well as for destroyed suitcases!
  Gatwick to Dar es Salaam via Istanbul, returning from Nairobi. Biggest criticism is the the very tight and uncomfortable economy class seating in all sections flown. Can't imagine why use the Boeing 737's on the LON-IST section with such high passenger demand. Food was OK like any other budget no-frill airline. I did online booking but found I could not print a pdf copy of it. When I phoned their London office I came across a very irate Customer Services guy who then emailed the tickets but were in Turkish language. This was hard to interpret but fortunately one could make out the important details. Having said all this Istanbul airport is among the best.
  Frankfurt to Singapore via Istanbul. I was sold Turkish Airlines as being on par with Singapore Airlines by travel industry insiders and travellers. It is not; but it is much cheaper to fly. However, I cannot forgive the bad treatment and service I received at the new airport lounge. It is big with some of the best food served, but staffed by arrogant and unhelpful staff with terrible attitude. What a pity and waste of resources to be thus spoiled. 
  Istanbul to Geneva. Clearly deteriorating Customer Relations over the last few years and a user unfriendly website for online reservations, check-ins and the like, with issues not evidently addressed after complaint, due to stress of uncertainties of whether things go through correctly or not. The Customer Relations reactions are only repeatedly to send out satisfaction surveys it seems, with no further action. Example, on a trip from Istanbul to Edinburgh last year, I was blocked in online bookings because I couldn't enter a 'visa number', despite being a UK citizen, with a valid passport, and Scotland not (yet?) having left either the EU or the UK. Since that trip, the user unfriendliness of an over complex website has been experienced on every subsequent trip I've made with Turkish Airlines. It seems that they have an identity and purpose problem that has grown over the last few years (I frequently, frustratingly, fly with them). They can't decide priorities: are they an airline, a shopping experience or a political party? The first priority seems to be slipping down the list, unfortunately!
  Dubai to Thessaloniki via Istanbul. Crew were friendly and pleasant and offered us blankets and newspapers. Food and beverages of high quality and I recommend the lemonade. Entertainment with great choice. We had a great flight. Highly recommend Turkish Airlines.
  Taipei to Porto via Istanbul. It was one of the worst flights because of the attitude of cabin crew and the service they provided. During boarding cabin crew rarely assisted passengers to find their seats. Crew just stayed in the galley or chitchatting by thr doors. For the first meal service, they rarely smiled and just wanted to rush through the service so they could get their rest as soon as possible. It was a 12 hour flight, no round of drinks were given because crew were just sitting on the jump seats by the galley in the back. So passengers had to walk to the aft galley to ask for something to drink. You can feel the crew was annoyed because we interrupted their conversations. Sandwiches and small cakes provide for passengers as snacks during the flight were not offered to us. About 3 hours into the flight, the lavatory was very dirty and out of toilet paper because crew hardly checked it. So I had to search for a lavatory which was acceptable to use. So many call bells went unanswered, why if that particular passenger had a medical issue? During breakfast service, I was given a tray without asking my meal preference. When I asked the female crew,” is this egg?” She just rudely said “the other choice is already over” and walked away. I think the cabin crew thought most of us don’t speak English so they can treat us any way they like. I was thinking why if my family members were treated like this by their cabin crew in the future, so I would avoid Turkish airlines forever! I am not saying all of their cabin crew didn’t care about us, but most of them really didn’t care at all.
  I booked a ticket from Turkish Airlines Amsterdam to Dubai return , I wanted to change the date of my Amsterdam to Dubai flight from 24-12-2019 to 20-12-2019 but the airline representative informed me that just to change the date its going to cost me 1000 euros which was really expensive as my return ticket was for 462 euros, so I booked a ticket from another airline and flew AMS-Dubai on 20-12-2019. I was checking in for my Turkish airline DXB-AMS FLIGHT on 07-01-2020 and got to know that my flight was cancelled without any notification, When I went to Turkish airline Dubai office they informed me that entire reservation was cancelled because of no show on AMS-DXB flight, upon asking them for the policy they failed to show me the policy.  This is so far the the worst airline I have travelled with. Unprofessional and worst airlines.
  Dhaka to Paris via Istanbul in May 2019. Except the ground staffs of Istanbul airport everything was good; Good flight. Good food. On time departure. On board staffs were friendly. Entertainment was good.
 Istanbul to London. I have flown Turkish Airlines a lot in the past and the service quality has almost always been flawless. Planes arrive almost always on time, the food is very good with a wide variety of beverages including nice wine, beer and other alcoholic drinks. Seats are usually leather, with a decent amount of leg-space and the best in-flight entertainment I have ever seen: they even have premiere movies! Cabin staff are very nice, always try to help and will give you more snacks and drinks if you ask! I have also noticed that kids love this airline because many things are designed for them like free toy bags and books! On my recent trip to Istanbul, all of my friends told me they were impressed with the service and the value for money! Moreover, they have a brand new hub in Istanbul that is really fancy, and if you can go to their lounge, you'll be even further amazed. I was really impressed. Would most definitely recommend!
  Lisbon to Tokyo Narita via Istanbul. My flight was delayed out of Lisbon which caused me to miss my connection in Istanbul heading towards Tokyo. The airline did not have anyone who could communicate with any of us (5 other people missed the Tokyo connection as well) and they wouldn't allow us to use wi-fi to at least try to translate what they were saying. Just terrible. Not worth the cheaper fare.
  Houston to  Istanbul. As we were checking in at the counter, the staff at the check-in were clueless and unprofessional. They made us move to the back and rearrange our bags at least 4 times. Every time we deal with a different employee, we are told something completely different than before. And instead of monitoring the situation and trying to satisfy us, the manager was so inconsiderate and made it seem like she does not care at all. We were left scratching our heads as dealing with such unprofessional and incompetent team of employees was impossible.
  Malta to Almaty via Instambul. I ordered the tickets online but the company made a 5 min change that made my cancellation process unbearable. I was required to call to their international call center when I decided to cancel the tickets. I called to their call center 5 times and spent a lot of money for international calls and could not cancel the tickets. First agent put me on hold for 10 min and disappeared, so I had to call second time when the agent messed everything, made me agree and confirm the 5 min changes in the flight created the new tickets for me but I only asked her clearly that I need only cancel the tickets. She explained me that these all needed for cancellation, but that everything were incorrect which I only found out after I called third time, the third agent couldn’t help me with cancellation due to those changes. The only one option left to go to local Turkish airline office in the city where I was located. To clear everything up I called 2 more time to local call center, unfortunately nobody could help me. I spent half of my day for calls for going to the office, filling out documents and still didn’t get any refund yet. I am very desperate about this process, I wish I would have never chosen this airline. Please, be aware of it before ordering their overpriced refundable tickets.
  My flight from Istanbul to Milan was delayed by 4 hours - no explanation whatsoever from the crew or ground staff. Took me 6 hours in the IST airport to reschedule my ticket for the next day, get a hotel room for the night and get my luggage. 95% of staff don’t understand English, they all have a comprehension issue. They will drive you to insanity and test your patience to the most extreme limits. They treat you like they are doing a “favor” for you. Be happy if you manage to get a voucher to eat some disgusting fried chicken or Burger King while you wait for your delayed flight. My flight back from Sharjah to Istanbul departed on time but we arrived over 2 hours late and I lost my connection. First time I flew Turkish Airlines and last one. Definitely not worth the cheaper fares.
  Malaga to Tehran via Istanbul. A two hour delay in Malaga Ground staff had no clue and were not prepared to change the ticket. Arrived in Istanbul for the connecting flight. Again ground staff didn’t know whether we had missed it or if it was still boarding. Ran to the boarding gates but flight had gone. Advised reluctantly to go to their information desk. At 2 :30 am having waited in a queue for 45 minutes. The attendant says what’s your problem. I explained what happened. He reissues a ticket for the 10:30 am flight and gives me a voucher for one slice of pizza at Sbarro. No hotel have to sit in the airport for seven hours. No apologies. No offer of the lounge. The manner in which this was done was abominable. So I missed one day out of the three day return ticket that I had and TA was very blasé about it. The food, Service and comfort of the plane itself leaves a lot to be desired. Definitely the last time I fly with this third rate underclass airline.
 Hurghada to Paris via Istanbul. Overall the experience with was okay. Flights on time, they offered you a free visit of the city when transiting over Istanbul. Staff are friendly, aircraft is comfortable. However, when we got our luggage in Paris, it was soaked in water. Not really very pleasant. There are no USB sockets in the plane (really annoying if you want to recharge your phone on a >3hrs flight) and for the food, which was good compared to some airlines, they tend to run out of some choices and you have to go with what's available / left which is also a bit annoying.
  While traveling from San Francisco to Lahore via Istanbul I had different type of bad experience. But when we were going back to USA (San Francisco) from Lahore, on our 14 hours flight from Istanbul to San Francisco, they separated our whole family. One of my 6 years old was assigned a seat 29J, I was assigned 28J, my 4 years old was assigned 23D, and my wife had 8D although my ticket was showing us sitting adjacent but they changed while issuing us boarding pass. So, it was very difficult for our kids to travel without any grown up. They also have lots of needs which can't be fulfill without an adult's supervision. We requested neighboring passengers to allow us to sit together but we found very non-cooperative neighbors. We requested airlines staff and they called their supervisors. The supervisors arranged two adjacent seats by requesting one of the neighbor and asked us to travel two kids on one seat for 14 hours (how silly). They left after doing this however our kids were not comfortable sitting like this. We again called the supervisors and they started harassing our kids that they will leave them at the airport or leave their parents at the airport if they will not stop crying and travel as the supervisors are thinking. They also threatened us to off board us, then we harshly told them that what you did (requesting the neighbors), we ourselves can do that and we don't need you. The reason we are requesting you guys is that we are parents concerned about our kids (food, sleep, safety, restroom needs etc.) which we cannot cater if we are sitting far from them. 
  Athens to Bogota via Istanbul and Bogota to Athens via Panama city and Istanbul. All flights were on time, the FA's were extremely helpful and attentive, and food was very tasty. The new seat on the Boeing 787 despite looking claustrophobic in the beginning turned out to be very comfortable providing an excellent sleep. The only negative was that I had no wifi connection to all my flights. Also the business lounge at Istanbul airport is an experience by itself. All in all, an excellent experience.
  Los Angeles to Nursultan via Istanbul. Its was my first time and for sure last time I was fly with Turkish Airline. On the way back home plane landing 1.5 hours late, which put me late for connection flight, and I have to stay in LA 24 hours to get on my next flight, customer service sucks. We found out at home items was stolen from our two bags, now we have to deal it and file report online, no real person can help. I was fly 4 times during my trip and its normal for Turkish Airline to be late. If you have 3 hours or less between flights don’t buy tickets, you will be late. Never use Turkish Airlines.
  We booked our flights to Vietnam end of February 2019. The flights were initially to and from Hanoi. In the following months there were small changes in the schedule but eventually the flight from Hanoi was changed from the the 3rd of January to the 30th of December! Obviously unacceptable. Lots of emails, unanswered phone calls (the phone numbers quoted in the website were wrong) until through a person in contact with the management we were able to get tickets on the 3rd of January from Saigon. Very well. Then on the 3rd of January in the morning we tried to make an online check-in and we found that they had changed the aircraft seats disposition so our paid booking for two seats, near the exit with room for the legs, resulted in a paid booking for two 'normal' seats. Lots of emails and eventually we had to go to the airline offices in Saigon reclaiming our booking. It was only in the 3rd afternoon that the bookings were amended. Obviously if we had done an airport check-in we would have been badly cheated. Turkish Airlines never again!
  Edinburgh to Istanbul. The crew were amazing and a great dinner on this flight. IFE was working but PAX not offered headsets to watch or listen too which was odd. 
  I really dislike the 2-3-2 business class layout. I was worried that I will get a seat in the middle with no aisle access. The crew  and food made up for the bad seats. There were hot towel services, they take your breakfast and dinner main course order before departure. I had the salmon with mash potatoes, I had three appetizers and you are allowed to have as much as you like. Desserts was good as well. Flight attendant will set up your bed for you. I noticed  they cleaned the business toilet every time someone goes in.There was snacks, fruit and drinks at the bar during the flight. They always call you by your last name. I was using their premium headsets on the flight and when it was close to landing I was still watching my movie they provided an economy headset for me to use. They provided me with a nice amenities bag that has basic necessities for the night.
 Rome to Guangzhou via Istanbul. My first and last time to fly with this airline. Every single person I met from ground control, to lounge staff and onboard were rude and unhelpful. Flight was delayed for 5 hours making for a total layover of 7+ hours but they would not let us use a bedroom to rest. I am so disappointed with the treatment I received on this airline. Never again!!
  Dublin to Tokyo via Istanbul. Terrible airline. Our flight was cancelled flight after a lengthily delay, absolutely no communication from airline staff, extremely difficult to contact, unhelpful and rude helpline staff. Still have not received mandatory compensation for flight cancellation 4 months later! Do not fly with them.
  Cologne to Athens via Istanbul. Adequate flight. Fairly punctual but the food was quite mediocre and the crew was distinctly unfriendly. The expression "happy to serve you" certainly didn't seem to apply in this occasion!
  Munich to Bahrain via Istanbul. I have had a horrible experience with Turkish Airline. We missed our flight due to them not updating the screens in the airport to Boarding status. All other flights were doing that, as I was watching the screen being updated for every flight very frequently. I thought the flight is simply late. And we didn't notice people queueing because we were in a sitting area not facing the gate, simply relying on the screens to show boarding status like all other flights do. So we waited and waited while watching the screens. But all my alertness was of no use. We were there early yet missed the flight. They denied their fault and deflected the problem back on us. The made us pay 3500 USD worth of money, plus accommodation we had to pay ourselves to stay near the airport for a day. I will never forgive Turkish Airlines for what they did.
  Baku to Tokyo-Narita via Istanbul on Business Class. TK335 departed from Baku with an almost 2 hour delay owing to the late arrival of the incoming flight. I had been irritated by the shortened connecting time at IST. It should have been 2 hours and a half. Staying comfortably at TK’s CPI lounge, one of my favorite, was gone. Still, I had been worried that I could catch my homecoming flight. No explanation why the flight to Baku was delayed, was heard on board as well as at the boarding gate in Baku Airport. We arrived at IST at 0:55 on DEC 31, 1hour 35min behind the scheduled arrival time. Although no guide for transferring was stationed, I passed through a checkpoint smoothly, as all Business Class passengers were taken quickly near there in a van. I got to the gate just after boarding. The departure time of TK52 was 1:55, so it was well before it. As I took a seat and was drinking a glass of water, the pilot announced a couple of times that he was waiting for connecting passengers to come. After 50-minute delay TK52 commenced taxing. Their in-flight services were far from customer-centered. Taittinger’s champagne is on their wine list. I asked a male FA called a flight chef whether it was well chilled or not. I added, “Taittinger should be served well chilled.” He replied “It is in the fridge, so no problem, sir” I believed him and ordered.  It was not chilled and was flat as well. That bottle must have been opened some hours ago. He would not show up before me from then on.  I asked a female FA for a glass of sparkling water. She asked me, “With ice and lemon?” I said, “Please.” Another FA got me a glass of sparkling water without ice and lemon. What an incoherent service they offered! On their menu almost no other option than a Turkish one, as far as I am concerned I have never found it delicious whenever I visit Turkey. European carriers offer some kinds of Japanese food in their flights bound for Japan. Why not TK? Two hours prior to landing, around 6 pm (Japan Standard Time), at the time of the other meal service called breakfast according to their menu, I asked a female FA for a glass of red Bordeaux. She replied surprisingly, “This is breakfast.” I said back to her without pause, “For some people it is breakfast, but for Japanese people now is the time for dinner.” She brought me one. Honestly, the meal called breakfast was not tasty. 
  Los Angeles to Minsk via Los Angeles. It was my first and the last time I use Turkish Airlines. Flight attendants are not polite, not good manners, provide a bad service. They use the same gloves to take trash and give you coffee. I didn't want to take food from them after seeing that. The plane is  old and very dirty. The flight attendant after seeing a piece of trash just kicked it under the chair a person in front of me. Service is really bad. You will not see flight attendants at all for 10 hours between dinner and breakfast. They do not offer any snacks or water for a whole 12 hours flight. Food is really bad and the way they serve it doesn't look clean. Also, Turkish Airlines customer service is really bad. I bought tickets with a big layover in Istanbul and they confirmed my free accommodation. I called one day before my flight again and they checked my ticket and confirmed my accommodation again and gave me a direction for Istanbul airport. Upon arrival to Istanbul they declined my accommodation. I sent an email with all details and complain to a customer service. They replied just in general words but did not do anything to fix it or even try to compensate. 
  Bahrain to London via Istanbul. It was absolutely an awful experience all around. The seats and the meal are below average but for me the staff is the biggest pitfall for this airline. They are rude and arrogant. I missed my flight bcz the airplane arrived later than the scheduled time but it didn't show it in their system. I waited for 4 hours and spoke to 5 staff to finally convince one of them to verify the arrival time which proved me right.
  Beirut to Vienna return via Istanbul. The planes had 1 hour delay. Food was disgusting. The seats were very uncomfortable, and the staff was mean, one hostess shouted at me because I was charging my phone while we were still on the ground waiting one hour in the plane and another one shouted at the person in front of us and was giving orders like “put your seatbelt on!” while the seatbelt lights were still off.  Every few minutes they would interrupt our movies or the thing we are enjoying on the screen to say something in Turkish we don't understand or to ask us to review them or show us the teaser to the Journey by Ridley Scott that takes place in their new airport they are so proud of. The wifi on the plane is very bad. I can write a whole review about the airport, how it’s big and useless, about the toilets that are disgusting and very poor quality, about the huge mall that’s inside that nearly made us lose our plane on our way home, the fact that we had connecting flights with one hour only to get off the first plane and get to the second, while we had to sprint the whole airport because our terminal was in the back end. Turkish Airlines never again!
  Washington to Baku and Istanbul to Washington. Turkish Airlines has replaced the A330-300 on the IAD-IST route with the Boeing 787-9 that is new with slightly more comfortable seats in economy and easy to use and extensive entertainment system. Service was excellent with a wonderful meal service. The flight to GYD was on an A321 which had the same inflight entertainment as the 787. Service was good on that flight, dinner was served. The return flight to IAD was excellent. The only complaint I have is the measly 10 MB free WiFi which is given to Miles & Smiles members in economy that should at least be increased. 
  Miami to Madinah via Istanbul. They broke my bag while checking in at Miami airport. This happened in front of me and their staff at checkin desk. They refused to file a claim in Miami airport and advised that I need to do so when I arrive at final destination. I filed the claim at the final destination as advised. Now, it has been several weeks of hassle with their online system and phone call. They denied the claim and refuse to acknowledge their own mistake that happened in front of them. The only way to communicate is thru an online messaging system that resolves nothing. you call their customer service and they just read to you the online messages! Unbelievable!
  Chicago to Delhi via Istanbul. This is the worst airline experience I've had. I had given all evidence that my father is critically ill in the hospital and requested a refund of the amount paid for the tickets. In spite of submitting all proof, Turkish Airlines did not want to refund any amount. They only were willing to re-book the ticket after multiple requests. The staff at every occasion was rude and not accommodating. I had to submit the paperwork several times and the software as well as the website could not take more than five document at a time. I wasted 3-4 days calling Turkish Airlines and a travel agency every single day multiple times to reach Turkish Airlines. I will not recommend my friends and all colleagues to fly back Turkish to India or any other part of the world.
  I flew from Cairo to Dublin via Istanbul on the 21st December. I flew with my two month old daughter and husband home to spend our first Christmas in Ireland since having my daughter with my family. Firstly, the airline would not provide me with a bassinet so i had to hold my daughter in my lap for the journey from Cairo to Istanbul and then from Istanbul to Dublin. We arrived in Dublin exhausted from not being able to move properly with a newborn attached constantly to discover that one of our bags was missing. This bag contained all of our clothes, Christmas gifts, hair straighteners, hair drier, baby monitors, make up, all of our shoes and basically everything we needed for this holiday. The bag is still lost. I have contacted the airline numerous times and asked to speak to a manager, I also requested a call back yet not one person from the airline has contacted me. I filled in the form online yet I just receive the generic email in return. It has completely ruined the first Christmas of my daughter and husband in Ireland and I have had to pay a serious amount of money on new clothes as the bag is still lost and nobody seems to actually be looking for it. The worst customer service I have ever received in my life. Absolutely dreading my flight back to the UAE with such an incompetent airline.
  Paris to Tehran via Istanbul. Worst airline service ever! Due to a strike in Paris, we arrived 55min before takeoff instead of one hour and the baggage drop-off already closed. Of course, many others also arrived late with us. We ran to the Turkish Airlines service counter, as we thought their could be any chance to catch the flight. The guy told us sarcastically replied to our question what to do, "drop your baggage into the garbage and go to the gate" .. seriously?! You can tell this in another way that their is no chance to get with baggage on the plane. Than he offered us to change our tickets for around 2000 EUR per person, going four days later, which we refused. Calling Turkish airlines service centre brought us nothing but finding out that they cancelled our return flight which was scheduled one month later. I understand that missing the first flight is not their fault, but cancelling the return ticket is really not fair. They just want to resell a ticket that we paid for. As a nice gesture, the could at least keep our return ticket valid. We paid for that flight! My wife called Turkish airlines five times, sent three emails only to get different information each time. They make people wait in line for half an hour for nothing. They lie and tell that there is no refund at all although according to EU regulation they are obliged to refund at least the airport tax. Each time we call they tell us a different amount. Their behaviour is not professional. Finally, we wife told them that she wants to leave a complain message at the end of the call and they just kicked her out of the line. Enough is enough, this is our last time with Turkish airlines. Fortunately, the Iran air staff in Paris could help us and we bought a ticket to Iran on the same day only 3 hours later. 
  Istanbul to Madrid. The flight itself was good, but delayed four hours, we were schedule to land at 1pm and did not land until almost 5pm. We lost our connection and they put us in a flight with Iberia next day, and we got a poor service. The baggage was not transferred to the airline, but to the one we were supposed the prior day, how can they do that? That oversight has cause us to have the worst vacation I had on my life. Five days later no baggage and no sign we will get them. Turkish denied our request stating some regulations, a passenger do not care about regulations, it cares about the service. This is about baggage handling and poor response, denying a request for a follow up is not the way to gain trust.
  Singapore to Istanbul. The crew was very rough and not friendly. when one family was having problems with the overhead baggage flap and was holding the line, the fight attendants did not offer assistance instead pressured the family to move faster and scoffed at them. Stewards always seemed like in a frantic and didn’t know what to do next. The seat is average. nothing special, leg room for me is sufficient but for the man next to me seems uncomfortable. He even asked if he could place his legs in my area as the legroom was insufficient for him. They gave a little toiletries pack with necessities such as socks,toothbrushes, slippers etc, there was a variety of options for entertainment from Bollywood to American movies and Turkish movies. Food was ok, nothing special, presentation was unappetizing but food was of decent taste. Requested for a cake (which the menu said can be ordered anytime yet did not receive it for almost 40 mins, rang the bell again and the stewards have not responded. they responded after 40 mins whilst i was in the toilet. The toilet was clean. I think their service lacks compared to other airlines for example, Singapore Airlines,  Turkish Airlines staff rarely walks down the aisles, catering to needs of customers.
  I'm writing this review in my room in Yotel Air (hotel) inside Istanbul airport after having been denied my right to board a flight to Berlin with Turkish Airlines by a member of their staff earlier today (12:30 PM, December 19, 2019). I had to book a room in this hotel for an overnight stay and buy a new ticket for the earliest flight to Berlin tomorrow (December 20, 2019) without any compensation from Turkish Airlines. All this was due to the fact that said staff had no knowledge of Schengen visa regulations involving non-EU nationals/passports. I am devastated by this mistreatment by Turkish Airlines. I was supposed to fly with Turkish Airlines from Istanbul to Berlin at 12:30 PM earlier today (December 19, 2019), but I was denied boarding by a ground staff member who was in charge of checking passengers' passports and boarding passes at the gate because he assumed that I did not have a VISA/permit to enter Germany. I explained very clearly in simple English that I did not require a VISA to enter Germany and the Schengen Area for tourism purposes for up to 90 days, as my country is included in one of the non-EU countries to which the VISA requirement does not apply (for tourism purposes). He dismissed my claim (which I understand, given the priority for security) and went on to make calls and texts to verify my claim. In the meantime, he made me wait on the side while he attended to all the other passengers who were entering the gate. Because there was no conclusive answer from the other side of the phone, he and his team decided to let the plane leave without me. Not long after the plane had left, he finally got a confirmation from "Germany border controls" that my claim that I did not need a VISA for visiting Germany was correct. Then, he took me to a Turkish Airlines booth (airside) to get me rebooked on another flight. After exchanging a few sentences with the Turkish Airlines ticketing team, he left there unattended. He did not say sorry to me. After waiting for four hours for a confirmation from the ticketing team about my next flight, they said to me that I would need to buy a new ticket because my original ticket was a "promotional" ticket. I defended myself saying that I did not miss my flight. Rather, I was denied boarding because one of their ground staff members assumed that I needed a VISA permit and did not have one. I rang Turkish Airlines's Customer Service to get help and explained the whole situation via phone and then email. After two hours, they responded to my email say they could not compensate me and even defended said staff for denying me my right to board the plane in the interest of protecting all Turkish Airlines's customers and passengers (was I not a customer?). What broke my heart was the Turkish Airlines team being adamant that it was somehow my mistake - they mentioned "incomplete documents", "invalid visa" etc. But I never needed a VISA in the first place. Finally, I had no choice but to buy another ticket for a flight the next morning and book a room at the hotel inside the airport. All this without so much as "sorry", let alone compensation. I'm now very apprehensive about going to Europe via Istanbul. I've been traveling to Europe since I was 18. I have never been denied boarding until now. I have gone to Berlin from my country in Asia twice within the last 12 months - once via Dubai and the other Amsterdam. Zero problem.
  Madrid to Istanbul and Istanbul to Addis Ababa. The flight Madrid to Istanbul did not manage to make flight as per its schedule of 12:15.  That made our arrival time one hour late from its expected arrivals, and we missed connecting flight from Istanbul to Addis. Upon arrival, we reported to the customer service desk. Then it arranged a flight for the next day flight which was departing after 24hrs. That left us to stay for more 24 hours in Istanbul. The most horrible the was we were informed that we have had visa to go and stay in the hotel reserved for our stay. When we went to go out through passport control, we have been told that you could not go out without e-Visa. We came back to e visa centre and asked to issue the visa, but the visa centre refused to accept cash as we do not have visa card to make electronic payment. We asked for support, no one willing to help us. We went customer centre again, and all employees on transfer desk were highly arrogant, and not willing to help us. Finally they told us to go stay at nap zone where we will be given food and drinks every five hours intervals. We went there, no food there at all. The service providers laughed on us. We went to the first desk again and asked why they were playing fool on us. Then gave a piece of paper to go one of three restaurants in the airport. We went to one the restaurant but they informed you need vouchers to serve food. In that point we understood that the airline was mistreating us.  I have never experienced such level poor handling. 
  Singapore to Malta via Istanbul. This is by far the worst business class experience I have had.  Insincere smiles from the stewards/ stewardesses, with zero personal engagement. Zero reaction to air steward call button - and damaged headphone socket so only 1 ear can hear. Removal of headphones 1 hour before landing! Shoddy service - poor reaction, attitude when requesting items - zero smiles.  Hot towels - scorching hot, and overly wet. Food This is frankly the worst part. Non fresh juice! Welcome drinks - is what you get at a children's birthday party. Timing of food i.e. breakfast, the starter served, then bread basket comes some 15 minutes later.  Coffee and tea limited in choice. Breakfast omelette over done and hard. Lots of staff, and even chefs dressed as 'chefs' - but with the food quality simply terrible. Flat bed fine. Movie choices ok - but again on both flights problems with the headphone sockets. Toilets clean. Toiletries bag very average and looks cheap. No communication from the pilot for delayed take off (or even apology). Istanbul airport was amazing I must comment that there was improved service between Istanbul and Malta - both flights but the food quality remained quite poor. I will be avoiding this airline at all cost. Ground service chaotic - with no clear focus on who is business and who is economy. Poor communication around boarding times (in Malta and Istanbul)
  Birmingham to Delhi via Istanbul. Worst service in Turkish Airlines. No proper response for any service. Always says that's not my department contact online services even though you are in Istanbul. Don't get fool by free hotel during long transit hours. Turkish airlines blame Indigo for providing free hotel. But indigo says we don't provide such services. Turkish deserved zero rating for customers take care.
  Kuala Lumpur to Skopje via Istanbul. The check in counter opened just slightly over 2 hours before the flight time. The service was also rather slow. When i got to my turn, just 1.5 hours before the flight time, they said that  I was put on the waiting list, because the flight was full! This is despite my seat was confirmed a week ago, what rubbish is this!? In the very last minute, they managed to get me a seat on that flight, and i had only 40 minutes to get through security, custom, immigration and to the international terminal which requires a train ride! If there was a 5 minutes delay with any one of them, i would've missed my flight. Terrible ticketing system!
 Zagreb to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. We were checking in into our flights. After everybody had checked-in bags, we converged on a spot at the airport to gather everyone in the group. As we were heading towards security, I realized that we weren't issued the "cabin bag tags", as I recalled we had those when we were on a TK flight from Kuala Lumpur the week before. Then I asked the ticketing counter for a tag for my cabin bag, and the Turkish Airlines staff gladly gave it to me. Then 2 minutes later, another staff chased us halfway across the airport and told me, rather rudely, "you can't take those!". Their own staff gave it to me, why is she telling me like I just took it from behind the counter myself? Then she went on about everybody needs to have their cabin bags checked immediately. Then I asked her "why weren't they checked before when we were checking in and issued the tags?", She said in an accusing tone "because you were hiding your bags". There were 25 of us in the group, how could their ground staff, there were three of them, not notice any of our cabin bags when we were checking in? This single experience soured our holiday. We were corraled back to the check-in counter to have our bags weighed, we were treated like petty thieves. None of our bags exceeded 5kgs, in the end. The funny thing is, the group after us, none of their cabin bags were issued the cabin bag tags or even required to have their cabin bags weighed! I waited and looked at them while they were checking in, so I can confirm this myself. So why is there a different treatment for them? This doesn't look like a standard operating procedure to me.
  Amsterdam to Tashkent via Istanbul. This was the worst experience ever. I had 2 hours overstop. Flight was one hour delayed and in the end arrived 1.5 hours later. Instead of a good service their service desk treat you like a jerk. Not only they Do not say sorry or show compassion by the fact that i will not make very important meeting, they lie you about the business class seats availability and give you free ticket to eat at burger king, what is the worst food. I never had worse experience with an airline. Please do not fly with this airline as you will save your nerves and health.
  Istanbul to Milan. I was carrying only a cabin luggage, had already checked in before arrival at airport. It took just 15min from arriving at airport until after Passport security. Boarding starts 1 hour prior to flight, unnecessary long, because when I was on time at the gate I still had to wait like 20min until boarding started. Flight was pleasant, they offered me wider seat to make me more comfortable. The crew was nice and kind except for one guy, he has forgotten was smiling means. Food was excellent. Entertainment was excellent. But be careful the service and staff quality is decreasing while the prices are increasing.
  Istanbul to Kuala Lumpur. Bad attitude, and the Ground service staff even mock you when you don’t understand their funny accent of English. I checked in via online so I went to ‘web check in’ counter to drop my luggage and was rudely told by the staff to go that was only for families check in. Why you put ‘Web check in’ Signboard in front of the queue but not serving web check in customer? Cabin seat was so uncomfortable and I can’t recline it because button was not working. Cabin crew service was better but they only repeat same dialog, like a printing machine. You can’t have further communication with them.
  In July I booked though the Turkish Airlines App a ticket from Rome to  Delhi via Istanbul at a very affordable price for the beginning of November. As the months passed I received several email with changing in timing of the flights, the last one at the mid of October I realized that I had only 1 hour and 20 minutes stop over at Istanbul, so I was a little worried. I called the call center and the lady told me that according to them the time was enough and she asked me if I wanted to cancel the tickets or I wanted to confirm it, I confirmed it. I arrived at the Airport and the lady at the desk said that I had a reservation for Istanbul but not for Delhi, that she could send the backpack but that when I arrived to Istanbul I should go to the Turkish desk to print the second boarding pass. I arrived on time I literally ran to the desk and the man told me that he couldn’t find the reservation because my flight was with a partner of Turkish named Indigo -  it was written on the ticket but I didn’t know that was a low cost airline. I showed him that Turkish booked it, not me. The airplane was small, no entertainment, uncomfortable seats, paying to eat (i had no money with me and my card was not working on their machine). I wrote an email through the customer service they never answered. I will never fly with Turkish Airlines again, it has been a nightmare.
  Lisbon to Singapore via Istanbul. I was unable to get the boarding passes for the initial legs both ways, which is rather annoying. The staff were polite during check-in and the flights. The food is very good and there are options to choose from. The entertainment system, especially in the longer flights, could really get a hardware update (it’s slow and complicated) and definitely better titles (although there is diversity). Connecting to wifi needed some intervention by flight attendants at a certain point as it wasn’t connecting straight. It is a paid service, but it is good to be available.
 Toronto to Tehran via Istanbul. I am using Turkish Airlines for many years. The young lady who was serving me, was so aggressive and very unkind. The whole flight I was shaking and was under so much stress. I will never use again the Turkish Airlines. This young lady put me under so much stress over my luggage. The airlines should pay more attention to hire the right person to serve the customers. I got very disappointed and not happy with my recent flight and use other flight instead of Turkish Airlines.
  Amsterdam to Doha via Istanbul. I booked a flight with this airline to leave Amsterdam on 30th December 2019 at 18:00 and to arrive in Doha on 31 December at 07:00. They then change it to arrive in Qatar on 1st January at 0700. We reschedule the flight to depart from Amsterdam on 30th December at 12:00 to arrive in Qatar on 31st December. today they change again their flights and we had to schedule again to depart from Amsterdam on 29th  December to fit the airline as there is no flights on 30 December. I am very disappointed in this airline as we had to change all our schedules and plans to fit the airline. I will not recommend this airline due to changes like this.
  Istanbul to Cape Town. Excellent crew but food ghastly and Turkish Airlines food is inedible. Overcooked and unappetizing. Pity because i could not fault them on anything else. Would definitely travel with them again but would bring my own snacks. I managed to get a very good fare which is a bonus.
 Chicago to Skopje via Istanbul. I booked economy class tickets on Turkish Airlines and paid extra for exit row seating. Unfortunately, the airline cancelled the first leg of the trip two weeks before scheduled departure. This meant I would miss my connection to my ultimate destination. I had to leave two days earlier than planned due to the cancellation. It also meant the exit row seat I paid for was no longer available. Normal businesses would refund this extra expense I paid for the exit row seating. After submitting a feedback request, the airline agreed to refund the money, however, six months later I still have not seen a dime of that money despite tens of feedback requests/emails. The airline has delayed, confused, made excuses, claimed no refund was needed, etc. all to try and frustrate me so that I would no longer pursue the refund. I also contacted the consumer protection division of the USDOT, who relayed my complaint to the airline. The airline again agreed to refund the money, but now continues to make unreasonable demands for me to receive the refund. The airline claims they can not refund the credit card used to make the purchase and insist on me providing a copy of my passport and bank account information. Coincidentally, I had a very similar experience on KLM about a month after my Turkish Airline flight. KLM was wonderful. They refunded my credit card within 5 days of the flight. The Turkish Airline flight was a terrible ten-hour flight that was very uncomfortable. I am tall at 6'2, the seat was not fit for a much smaller person. The aircraft was old. The plane had decor of the 70's and 80's and many of the video screens around me were broken, including mine. On the brighter side, the flight crew was pleasant and the food good. Outside of the uncomfortable seat, the flight would have been grand. On the return trip, I did sit in an exit row and can honestly say it was a very pleasant flight. Unfortunately, given my experience with the customer service and refund process, I can not recommend this airline. If anything goes wrong and you expect a refund, you will be frustrated. The airline does not do the right thing. It is worth paying a little more on competitor airlines
  Cairo to Manila via Istanbul. We came from a long trip in 3 countries and flight going home from Cairo, was Turkish Airlines. Our experience from our tour turned into nightmare when our connecting flight with the same airline going home to Manila left us. We knew our rights as passengers on this case and asserted it, but this airline did not make our 24 hours wait in the airport comfortable. We learned that they cannot issue us e-visa because we were not Shengen or US visa holders, so we understood that we cannot avail their free hotel accomodation in the city plus avail free airport transport. The least they could do to compensate their shortcomings to us is to at least accommodate us in a hotel inside the airport or have us stay in their lounge. Their wifi was limited for only an hour and was not enough for us to communicate with our loved ones, as well as do transactions with our associates in Manila as their shortcomings to us affected many of our business activities and other commitments. With the food, we have to get stub every 5 hours before we can eat. Its a long walk to go there then walk again going to the restaurant. The staff are all rude and does not really care. I wonder why your have "Care Points" with people who does not care.
  Denpasar to Vilnius via Istanbul. Ruined my holiday! So i booked my holiday from Vilnius to Bali. I purchased ticket to come back December 9th. I got an email from them, that they will not have flights mid of December and they offered me to fly back home 6 days earlier from my initial date or stay 15 days more from my initial day. They shorten my holiday for 6 days, is that normal? I have planned so many things and i had to cancel, and i also purchase health insurance for all those days, and im not gonna get my money back. Anyways, i will never fly with this terrible airline! I do understand they have a right to change the date, but shorten my long planed holidays for 6 days is insane.
  We have been using Turkish Airlines for more than 10 years. Flying back and forth from Duabi, US and Istanbul. We have been experiencing a very bad service.  Yesterday, my mum's flight was originating from Atlanta to Istanbul then heads to Duabi. They issued for her two tickets from Atlanta. When, she arrived in Istanbul. They changed her gate without Announcing in English. We bought for her one ticket. It was not separate ticket. They didn't handle her and her case.
  San Francisco to Lahore via Istanbul. This is the first airline I have flown that has unprofessional and rude air hostesses. I flew with Turkish second time and paid for a bassinet seat $300+ they even didn't provide us the required services and favored another woman who was Turkish. They told us that the seat assigned to my wife is "out of service" and moved my wife to sit with a male which we didn't accept and I sat there instead of my wife which sabotaged our travel. Later, they offered the same "out of service" seat to a Turkish woman. On our second flight, they again forced my wife to sit with a male person for a bassinet seat and we spoke to the staff but they were rude and didn't entertain us. Finally, we didn't avail of the bassinet seat and exchange our seat with a kind person and sit together on a not-bassinet seat. We still have a return flight on January 4, 2020, let see how they treat us.  I already filed a case which I know no one will read, I have given feedback a week ago and I never hear back from them. I will suggest staying away from this airline. And I don't want to mention their late flight which was 3 hours late. 
  Toronto to Tehran via Istanbul. The most disrespectful customer service.  I have been a miles and smiles member for many years and I always book my flight business class. This is the second year i have booked to travel with my service dog and it has been 2 month and my file is still pending. When I contacted the customer service department every time they do not give me a right answer and tell me to call back later. On this ticket i have also a flight with Lufthansa and they were to approve my service dog within the first 24 hours and for Turkish Airlines it has been 2 months and they still have not given me an answer. Stay away from Turkish Airlines.
  Sofia to Zaporizhia via Istanbul. I used Turkish airlines so many times before. I had to buy a flight back from Sofia to Ukraine at around 4PM, I chose the connections and found 2 Turkish airlines flights at 4PM and at 9PM for that day with a stop in Istanbul for more than 12 hours as the shortest. So I decided to call the airlines service and check if they will provide me with the hotel, the woman at the service ensured me that the flight at 4PM won’t provide me with this, cause it’s not a shortest connection, while the one at 9 will  do. So i decided to stay at Sofia for longer and come late but with possibility to have a free hotel. When time of the travel came I decided to write to the hotel desk in advance  and they told me that I am not eligible for it, cause there is another flight on the next day which is more closer in time and i had to book it. Well in the end I had to stay in Sofia till 9pm instead of 4, arrived to Istanbul at midnight to the new airport which is situated in the middle of nowhere and search for the hotel somewhere myself due to the incompetence of the worker who didn’t check this matter. I wrote several letters to their feedback center in order to complain and get any kind of help to change my tickets for free or get a hotel, but they didn’t help in any way and they said that they checked our conversation and didn’t find any mistake cause their workers are professional. So in the end you can find “how professional their service is in real” and how they are trying to avoid any hotel or other expenses. I would never use their terrible service again.
  Athens to Kathmandu return via Istanbul on Boeing 777-300 /  A330. The flights were on time except landing and departing from Kathmandu due to air traffic. Even though we had the old business class, it was comfortable with huge legroom and fully lie flat bed. FA's were professional and helpful. In flight entertainment was excellent. The food was top notch again due to Do&Co. All in all, an excellent experience and looking forward to try them again on their new Boeing 787.
  I was travelling with my husband from Cairo to London via Istanbul. We went through very long checking because we came from African country and we missed our plane from Istanbul to London. We had to buy new tickets on our own and the ticket services guy was extremely rude he said to us It is your countries fault not mine ". It was the worst trip on my life, I will never repeat this experience and I don't recommend them for anyone.
 Kayseri to Istanbul. Good flight, even if with little delay. Boarding procedures are slow and chaotic (due to the size and organization of the departure airport). Fast and orderly landing procedures despite being a plane with many passengers and the flight was full. Recent aircraft (4 years). Comfortable seats (last generation that save space), with excellent space between the rows. IFE absent: aircraft not prepared and probably used for internal flights with high attendance or on short routes. It was not active even though the IFE option on your device. Good food and drink (given the type of flight it was just a sandwich, hot and tasty). Friendly and hyper attentive staff. Excellent value for money.
 Good flight, without delay. Fast and orderly boarding and disembarkation procedures. Aircraft not brand new, but still in good condition. Comfortable seats, even if the space between the rows was not the best. Great IFE: video touch screen in every seat, great choice of films, music etc. Good food and drinks. Friendly and discreet staff, although not always attentive to what was happening in the cabin. Excellent value for money.
 Istanbul to Milan with Turkish Airlines. Good flight, without delay. Embarked early taking off on time, arriving 35min in advance. Fast and orderly boarding and disembarking procedures despite being a plane with many passengers and the flight was full. Aircraft not very new (14 years), but still in good condition because the fittings have been redone. Comfortable seats, with good space between the rows. Great IFE: video touch screen in every seat, great choice of films, music etc. Good food and drinks. Friendly and discreet staff. Excellent value for money.
  Singapore to Istanbul. As far as I am concerned, this is by far the worst long haul business class experience you can get globally. The Boeing 777-300ER business class for Turkish Airlines is configured 2-3-2, and not everyone has aisle access, people jump on top of each other. There is no privacy as seats are laid the same way as economy. In short, this "business class" offering is the equivalent of premium economy of airlines like Cathay Pacific, Singapore or Qatar Airways. Do avoid.
  First time flying Turkish Airlines and was very impressed. Great crew friendly and professional. The amenity bag in economy even has slippers and ear plugs. Food not great but substantial. Three rounds of drinks served with dinner service and a bottle of water was handed. Would definitely recommend.
 Istanbul to Zurich on a brand new Airbus A321neo with Turkish Airlines. Impressive flight and best business class in Europe. The seat is wide and offers a very good amount of privacy. Meal service excellent, both in quantity and quality. Experienced and well-groomed cabin crew - new uniforms look classy. Huge HD IFE monitor with a very wide movies selection. Free Wi-Fi for business class and Turkish Airlines top frequent flyers. Noise-cancellation headphones by Philips distributed. Flight landed almost 30 minutes ahead of schedule. Business class lounge at the new Istanbul airport is an experience itself.
  Istanbul to Shiraz. We have a terrible problem receiving our luggage because they didn't send them with us instead of them they carried others belong to last night passengers. At departure when we was giving our luggage for boarding we didn't know that our suitcases wouldn't come with us. How awful !
  We had an awful flight with Turkish airline last night. We flew back to Shiraz but they didn't deliver our luggage and told us you should wonder if they come tomorrow or a day after tomorrow and wait for calling ! Only few passengers received their luggage because they had carried the luggage of previous flight wih us and about 140 passengers went home without luggage while some of them had flight to second destination with domestic airlines today morning so got in terrible trouble. We also have some minor problem during the flight for example the stewardesses were not quick enough to serve the dinner and coffee. It took near all 3 hrs of our  flight to do that  and interfered with walking of passengers toward the toilets and other purposes.
  Washington to Odessa via Istanbul. The economy cabin seating configuration is 3x3x3 on the 787 meaning that the seats are smaller than the airbus. Aisles are narrow due to that extra seat squeezed in and the crew had to squeeze themselves and the cart through. IFE was good with a wide selection of content. The crew worked hard and had delicious meals. The smaller plane from IST -> ODS was more comfortable for the shorter flight with a nice snack. Internet didn't seem to be working on the IAD-IST long haul flight (not a problem for me.) Amenities provided in economy: socks, earplugs, sleep blindfold.
 Istanbul to Montreal. No WIFI on board! Internet connection was not working the whole 11 hours flight, attendants were lying to us saying that the connection was coming at first, then they said they had to reset the server then try in 2 minutes. I personnally chose this flight because of price and the internet feature.
 Istanbul to Tel Aviv. The inflight entertainment was not activated. When we add the crew they told us there is a problem, but we noticed that during the flight it was on PA mode. One of the passengers near me orders a kosher meal but got another, and discovered that it was not the kosher one. So when she addressed the crew, they were not nice to her (asking her ‘so why did you open it’. She didn’t know). All in all, it was the 4th flight with TA in the past week, and it was the worst one of them
  . Flight was average. Staff were helpful and friendly. End of this direct flight both my and my 2 yo sons suitcase went missing. I am a Pregnant mother with a 2 yo. With no clothing for me or my son, we are going on 13 days now. Few people from Turkish Airlines have been helpful. Vienna airport staff verified the bag was loaded on my flight. The suitcase was either rerouted and or disappeared into thin air. If they find our suitcase I’ll let you know but it is not looking good for us. Think hard before booking a flight with Turkish Airlines.
  New York JFK to Istanbul. Their planes are old and not comfortable and everything is very expensive in the airport plus their international fares are expensive. Basically they rip you off because they try to cover the new airport expenses. l would not recommend to anyone.
  Istanbul to Ankara. Turkish Airlines has started to charge seat selection fee even at the online check in stage. You are allocated a random seat and if you want to change it, you have to pay. It looks a low cost airline. Other than this very annoying act, everything else was very standard. Perhaps it also worth mentioning that Turkish Airlines offers the same sandwich for two years in its domestic flights. Frequent flyers get bored!
  Frankfurt to Tehran via to Istanbul. I had two flights with Turkish Airlines, it was terrible, two times almost big fights happened because they were unable to control the passengers safety and environment of the plane. My food was not eatable as it was without flavor, I was not happy with their services.
  Milan to Istanbul on new  A321neo. Incredible seat with a super HD screen and soft product for a 150 min flight. Meal was excellent. Landed ahead of time. Cabin manager was amazing while the other attendant serving in business was a little on the unexperienced side. Free Wi-Fi for business class.
  Istanbul to London. Horrendous airline and horrendous staff at the business class lounge. My husband was flying business to another country, he went in and I waited outside for him. Was told to move from the disabled seat outside of the lounge even though my son is disabled. And the guy was abusive and rude. Looked my son up and down and asked where was his wheelchair. The discrimination that Turkish people have against English and disabled children is disgusting. Would never travel with them. Ask a simple question and get laughed at. 
  Montreal to Delhi via Istanbul. First time I travelled Turkish Airlines with my family. First of all the cabin crew was not happy at all. I just ask the air hostess can I get one glass water and she can’t respond me back. We spend $1220 each ticket. They have not good choice for the food, we were very upset. I won't travel again with Turkish Airlines!
  Copenhagen to Batumi via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines is great as soon as you are onboard. The aircraft was clean an well kept, IFE (if available) excellent with a number of non-mainstream movie and audio selections. Food is great, and while some attendants could be a little more polite, this is no big issue. The big issue is the bad treatment for disabled persons. There is no pre-boarding for disabled, meaning a painful waiting time in a long row. All other main airlines have assistance to boarding, including wheelchair service to the aircraft itself, including pre-boarding. This is a point that unfortunately separates Turkish Airlines from all other major carriers, and should be bettered.
 Nuremberg to Hong Kong via Istanbul. Me and my wife travelled to Hong Kong using Turkish. The check-in at Nuremberg was Ok. The flight was punctual, enough legroom in both legs (better than I remember being last time). Infotainment is quite good but could improve with the videogames. They served our special meal on the flight from Nuremberg to Istanbul only, not in the Long haul. Food quality overall was very good, offering a Turkish touch in some of the choices. The airline respected our seat selection. Staff was professional but some of the cabin crew seemed a bit tired and impatient towards the end of the flights. New Istanbul airport offers plenty of entertainment during the connection. Overall a pleasant flight and very good for the money.
  Dubai to Skopje via Istanbul. I book my ticket directly from the website. After i bought the ticket i notice that there is a mistake with the date 1 day on departure, I call them if we can correct the date of departure all other information were correct. They advise me to fill the feedback from online. I did the same and next day i got email where they saying if i want to change my departure date i need to purchase new ticket with the same amount of higher, then they can refund me for the previous ticket. Already price become cheaper next day, i book a ticket on reservation (hold) it was 611.2$ and my previous ticket was 620.2$. So they said they can not refund if is not the same amount, and to change online is 96$ even the fare is same price they are not cooperating to change without the fees charges. They not giving you any option, or you cancel and you lose 150$ or you pay 96$ for booking the correct date departure. If the fare is the same, and at the same time once once i bought the ticket immediately I contact customer care for changes there was no help and cooperation on the matter. we communicate on emails 7 days with feedback department and no any solution for this matter.
  Brussels to Istanbul. I think Turkish Airlines has by far the most unpleasant, rude staff. They are never friendly and looks like they are always frustrated. My friend and I were travelling together. At the check in they told us you will know at the gate what seats you will be seated on, we can’t tell you now!. We arrive at the gate and of course we are not seated together and not only the staff didn’t help at all, they were super aggressive. It is the last time I will fly with Turkish Airlines. Honestly all I hear about this airline is negative. Not sure how they are still functioning.
  Doha to Munich via Istanbul. Flight delayed which made me miss connecting flight. Crew was basically chatting/yelling for hours like they were in a party at the back of the plane. I politely asked them to lower their voice. I was ignored. Team/crew at airport could not care less about one’s frustration or the fact that I had to wait for another 6 hours in a Huge airport that requires endless walking. Should have paid more money to fly with a more reputable airline. Lesson learned, never again.
  Dalaman to Ankara. Prompt take-off and landing timing, capable cabin crew, above average seat comfort, pretty adequate service, did not experience a major problem. Overall, this was a pleasant flight.
  Istanbul to Izmir, a very pleasant early morning flight with Turkish Airlines. The crew was very helpful. The entertainment options for such a short flight were too much, though. Usual food and beverage were served. B777-300 ER is a beautiful plane with lots of toilets and legroom. The only issue I would name would be the crew's haste when picking up the trash. Due to the time limit, they rush through the aisle and sometimes don't pick up the trash.
 Los Angeles to Istanbul. Super hot cabin on a long flight. I think they like it warm, but it is really stifling for a long flight and adds to the discomfort of a long journey. Crew stingy with ice and drinks - only give one ice cube per drink which melts right away. Terrible website - could never reserve seats. The seat is fine, but the temperature is not. Very uncomfortable flight, both ways.
  Lvov to Istanbul. I’m very disappointed of the service of Turkish airlines personnel in the airports. They are completely unhelpful and super rude. Moreover today we had a supervisor who was asked for help and refused after checking our passports origin. Thats unbelievable. Im deeply discussed with these people and I will try as hard as possible to avoid flying with this airlines. By the way, this is not the first our situation like this, when they are being unhelpful, but multiple what made me write this comment!
 Istanbul to Toronto. Very bad experience and rude staff. It’s like they are flying you for free! None of my requests were addressed and I had to ask multiple times. Never flying with them again!
  Istanbul to Hamburg. I ordered a gluten free meal. I was given a bulgur meal containing wheat. I warned this is not a gluten free meal but they insisted on serving this meal. I didn't want to eat this meal because it contains gluten.  When I reported this situation as a complaint to Turkish Airlines, they said that it was normal.
  Ankara to Dalaman. No problem or hassle on the ground. Promptly departed and landed. Seat pitch was quite bad, uncomfortable seating. No problems with the cabin crew. Flights to and from Dalaman are usually problematic during summer, October is just sublime. To my surprise, the flight was full. Turkish offers a sandwich, soft drink and water for an hour flight. Overall, it was a satisfactory flight.
  Istanbul to Denpasar Bali. This was one of those flights which, unfortunately, was far from the high standards to be expected of Turkish Airlines. When I checked in I found that my seat had been changed from that which I selected a couple of months earlier, even though the seat configuration was unchanged. We were taken in a hot bus from the terminal to the aircraft, then made to wait as we couldn't board. An hour after take off they came to take a drinks order. I chose a gin and tonic and was offered ice and lemon which I chose. Almost half an hour after that my drink came. A glass with a small piece of lemon; no ice, and tellingly, not a single bubble in the liquid. I tasted it and suspect it was vodka and still water. I told the attendant it was obviously not gin and tonic and she said she would change it. But by now they had started serving dinner so I opted for a glass of wine, guessing they couldn't get that wrong. The salmon starter was excellent. After that I had selected the pea soup and fish. But she brought me chicken kebab. She changed it. I was asked what I would like for desert and I replied that I would chose from the trolley. She said they don’t do the desert trolley any more. I wonder if it doesn’t fit as the aisles are so narrow it is a squeeze for two people to pass. I had some delicious ice cream then the cheese plate. The latter was so cold and the cheeses so hard they had no taste. Also I had to ask for bread or crackers to go with the cheese. Then to sleep. First problem was getting flat. Although I am average height I couldn't get my feet far enough into the feet area to lower the rest of my body on to the bed. A steward saw the problem and explained that the only way is to raise the bed half up after they have made it. Lye down on it, then press the button and the bed moves me towards the foot space and my head goes flat on the pillow. Overall I did not like the seat/bed. Feels like being encapsulated in a black cube. Half of one window is blocked by the side of the “cube”, though it appears it could be cut away serving no purpose. The windows were set on dark all during the cruise, meaning impossible to see clearly out of the window even though much of the 12 hour flight was in daylight. Breakfast was good and uneventful. Arrival some 20 minutes early. Priority luggage came mixed with all the other luggage. To end on something positive. The increased hydration on the B787 had a positive effect and I got off the plane feeling so much better then I normally do after long flights. And however uncomfortable, I much appreciated the free upgrade my level of membership to the Miles & Smiles programme entitles me to twice a year.
 Istanbul to Hamburg. At the gate, one of the staff took a photo of my passport from his personal phone without my permission and when I asked how he can take a photo of my passport from his phone, He said "We do that normally" and showed how many photos of passports he has. Has Turkish Airlines heard of something called personal information protection or privacy? What if this staff was using that information or lost his phone? He was so rude when I told him this. Inflight entertainment is full of ads - it is like one of those spam websites or ultra-low-cost airlines with very limited movies and music, the newest movie they have is 1 year ago. Turkish Airlines is never on time always late 1-hour minimum or more, so be prepared to wait for hours. The conclusion is that Turkish Airlines is an ultra-low-cost company with expensive tickets and totally ignorant rude staff.
  Amsterdam to Istanbul. We expect more from Turkish Airlines. I was at Amsterdam airport. The staff of Turkish airlines was rude told me I cannot bring my laptop bag and a cabin suitcase inside the airplane?  People were bringing 3 bags and luggage inside the airplane but no one told them it is wrong! The airplane from Amsterdam to Istanbul did not have a front monitor. The internet inside the airplane did not work. The flight attendants were not really friendly, they were just polite and strict.
  Gatwick to Hurghada via Istanbul. Absolutely the worst experience. Avoid them at all costs. The initial flight was delayed for no obvious reason at Gatwick for two hours and half the plane had connecting flights with a 2 hour stop over. We managed to make up some time during the flight so the pilot drove round the airport a few times (yes we did all see you drive past the same building 3 times) deliberately making us miss our connections. We felt they had overbooked so did this on purpose. The next available flight was 24 hours so as a solo female traveller I was forced to stay in a hotel I felt very unsafe in in an extremely rough part of Istanbul booked by the airline. Checked in and was sent to a room where there already a naked man occupying it and in the shower (again not a great situation for either of us). Went to dinner in the hotel and was the only western female surround by around 30 Turkish men staring and making comments. Spend the next 24 hours in my room feeling anxious. Got the bus laid on by the airline back to the airport and the engine blew up on the motorway, driver got off, engine was smoking and said nothing to worry about! Why are we on here and you are not then? Finally got another bus and managed to make it to Hurghada 27 hours late. Air line should be renamed fawlty airlines.
 Istanbul to London. I have never in my life experienced such rude and unhelpful service - my experience was completely devoid of service. The staff were arrogant, rude and lazy. I was going through Istanbul from another part of Turkey to London. I had just enough time to make the flight but instead of helping me make my flight the staff’s response prevented me from making the flight. The Transfer desk was completely disinterested in not only helping me but everyone else at the desk despite having more people at the desk than customers to serve. Incredibly disappointing and frustrating.
  New York to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. Excellent service round trip. Great staff. Great food. Thankful for their care during such a long flight. Kit with eye mask, ear plugs, tooth brush, toothpaste, slippers, socks. Headset for audio listening of movies and/or music.
 Birmingham to Doha via Istanbul. I have booked a roundup trip with Turkish Airlines and it was semi-flexible because I was not sure about my return date so I decided to book and later change once I know when to return by paying the extra fare charges. Once I arrived at Birmingham I later decided to rebook my return flight from 7th December to 28th October. The website was showing some technical error while I was trying to change my flight so I decided to call the help center. The lady said she removed the block and I will be able to change now but still later when I checked I wasn't able to do so. So I called them again and they made me wait for 1-hour and said he will call me back after 2 hours because his system is slow. Later after getting no response from them I called them after 3 hours. The agent was very rude saying I won't be able to change my flight. After a few minutes, the agent called me and said I have to travel all the way their head office which is miles away in London just to talk to them and see if they can do anything. Now my flight has still not been changed and I am struggling with this.
  Istanbul to Boston on Turkish Airlines. Following a great stay at Turkish’s lounge, I made my way to the gate and we through the tertiary security screening which is customary for all flights into the U.S. Despite the multi-billion dollar new airport, we were bussed to the aircraft which reminded me of the old, congested airport. On board, the product was tired looking making me wish TK would either accelerate their fleet renewal program or upgrade the old interiors so that all business class seats would have direct aisle access. FA’s were pleasant and service was efficient. Food and beverage choices including champagne were of good quality and FA’s came around frequently asking if passengers wanted anything. The IFE was decent albeit it was a little thin on new releases. Flight pushed back and arrived on time. The FA’s especially the purser were the differentiators on what turned out to be a very pleasant flight.
  Istanbul to Denpasar. Would never recommend this airline even for anyone. Customer service is the worst I ever experienced, started from call center and ends at ground service. Rude, disrespectful and totally careless. Fly with them if only you want to fell like you owe them using their airlines. Never again.
 Mauritius to Manchester via Istanbul. One of the worst airlines I have ever experienced. Staff are rude and unaccommodating. Seats have zero leg room and are so hard it’s like sitting on a wooden stool for 9 hours! Trying to explain that this has aggravated my arthritic spine was pointless. Food is terrible. The wine makes you sick. Not a good airline if travelling long distances or any distance for that matter.
  This airline needs seriously think about giving a good customer service, ground staff don’t care about passengers at all, they act as if they have paid our trip. If Turkish airlines is looking forward to compete with other major airlines and be a winner with their new expansion. Only way is to give 100% best customer satisfaction. Me personally will try to avoid Turkish, if I had an option with Qatar Airways.
 Be wary with this airline. It’s my second flight with Turkish Airlines. My first one was a few years ago and that was normal. This one was bad. I booked a return ticket from Hong Kong to Kiev via Istanbul but I had an accident in Kiev and needed to change to the next day. The only way to do this was calling the Call Centre. I thought they fly to Hong Kong every day. The Call Center only changed my first flight (Kiev to Istanbul) to the next day, but not the second one, which was changed to more than 24 hours after the first one. The staff didn’t clearly say there was no flight to Hong Kong on the next day at the beginning. I just noticed that immediately after I paid USD 266. I even hadn’t hung up the phone and asked for a change. The Call Centre told me they would charge another sum of money for the change or only refund me USD19. Similar to other passengers complaints, this airline pushes to make whatever money they can when you are not alert enough. The Call Centre told me that I was eligible for a hotel stay at Istanbul Airport. But I was denied when I arrived, because there was a shorter connecting flight from Kiev to Istanbul. Why didn’t the staff tell me that when I made the change? To make money, this is an airline which doesn’t care about their customers.
  Istanbul to Ho Chi Minh city. One of the worse flight I have ever been on. USB charger not working, both for me the guy seated next to me. The touch screen on the inflight entertainment is hardly sensitive. Food is okay and seat legroom is unsurprisingly tight for a 1.81m guy. Crew are rude. The only plus point is that they landed 30 minutes before schedule.
  İstanbul to Izmir. Very good meal and staff. The plane took off on time. Staff was smiling, sandwiches were delicious. Will fly again.
  Gatwick to Istanbul. , staff from Menzies Aviation and the cabin crew have been very rude. Wont even choose this  again, split our seats me and my husband sitting on different seats, despite we reserved the seats beforehand! Flight delayed as well about 30 minutes without appropriate explanation. Very annoyed.
  Kuala Lumpur to Catania via Istanbul. We arrived Istanbul 40 minutes delayed and we couldn’t take the connections from Istanbul to Catani . We tried to fix the situation as much as we could but the office in Istanbul didn’t do anything so we had to buy a new ticket from Istanbul to Catania costing us another 600$ aud. After this when we arrived we contact many time the Turkish Airlines many times but they didn’t refund the money. This didn’t finish there , when we had to take the return flight from Catania to Perth they said that we only have the flight back from Catania - Istanbul- Istanbul - Kuala Lumpur and from Kuala Lumpur to Perth we have to buy a new ticket. This is a really bad experience and we never ever travel anymore with this company
  Istanbul to Bangkok. Unacceptable inflight Service. The carelessness towards passenger who do not speak English. Incomplete service duty (ignore to distribute amenity kit to me). The ignorance towards passenger’s requests. Every Business Class passenger deserves to get one amenity kit each for long-haul flight and I supposed to get mine too but I did not, even my sister help to asked, we tried our best to explain, we did not get it. The worst airline experience
 Los Angeles to Delhi via Istanbul. After noticing an error in the itinerary a matter of minutes after booking a ticket on the clunky Turkish Airlines site, I called the service number to have the error corrected. Wouldn't have thought there was an airline left that wouldn't be willing to correct a flight itinerary over the phone within the same 10 mins in which I made a credit card payment but of course I've never flown Turkish Airlines in the past. The Turkish Airlines customer service phone number is not really a thing at all. Its a basically a call center that can offer no customer services whatsoever other than to lodge a complaint on the feedback page which is as it turns out is nothing more than an auto reply system. Completely thrown by how argumentative, inadequate and downright rude the first call attendant was I called back another couple of times in the hours following my ticket issue and had another couple of rounds with call attendants whose unprofessionalism did nothing other than completely eclipse my bad experience with the initial call. Basically Turkish Airlines is in the business of pushing whatever additional fees and charges in possibly can via its call center which is a more accurate description of what they've labeled their 'customer service dept. I immediately regret giving this airline a try and clearly should have read some of these other similar complaints.
  Venice to Aqaba via Istanbul. Both flights very good. Cabin crew very friendly, uniforms look fancy but not practical for FAs. Food good and abundant. Both flights landed ahead of schedule. New Istanbul airport is impressive but I noticed low-quality construction materials used here & there. Taxi time can be long. New Miles&Smiles lounge elegant, a step ahead compared to the old lounge. Food selection is amazing, wider than before.  Checked bags delivered with priority.
  Atlanta to Istanbul. They lost my stuff in my suitcase and now they’re giving me a hard time not to reimburse me and trying to get away with it. Worst customer service ever!
  Bodrum to London. A major issue with sweltering hot cabin temperature on flights to and from Turkey, however on return flight due to increased passenger load this became quite unbearable on the nearly 4-hour flight. The crew showed little concern for the issue even though repeated requests were made by various passengers to the crew around rows 5-12 on the 737-800. I noticed that the crew were congregated in the rear galley for most of the flight where the temperature seemed just right! I find this unacceptable as I was travelling with an elderly relative who really struggled in these conditions. The cabin temp on this flight must have been at least 26C+. The issue seemed to be very high ambient cabin temperature combined with a lot of heat generated from seatback entertainment screens. Apart from this major issue the in-flight product was good with comfortable seats, acceptable legroom, a full meal service, one free drinks run and free in-flight entertainment. Although the crew were superficially friendly, they seemed to have little interest (or any reasonable explanation) as to why it was so hot. In addition to this, I also noticed that they also failed to get a full row of seats to return their seats to the upright position for landing which I also found pretty lax.
 Istanbul to Ankara on Turkish Airlines. As I was transferring from an international flight, I proceeded directly to the domestic lounge which is a disappointment compared to TK’s international lounge at Istanbul Airport. The aircraft was a new A321-neo and the hard product was in great shape with seats offering decent pitch and large IFE screens. The service was quite good for a short, 45-minute flight and included a sandwich and a selection of non-alcoholic beverages. The FA’s had a poor command of English which TK seems to ignore. The flight departed and landed on time. As the aircraft was taxiing to its stand, several passengers stood up and walked to the front of the plane without any intervention from the flight attendants. This was a shocking display of poor safety standards which should not be tolerated and it reflects very poorly on TK’s safety culture.
  Istanbul to Dammam with Turkish Airlines. We entered Istanbul airport and the staff were so kind, the check-in staff had a big smile on their faces and the check-in process was quick. When we entered the plane we were welcomed by the staff and they were very polite, the seat is comfortable for a medium-haul flight and the IFE has a great selection of music and movies. The breakfast was alright, not the best, the only problem is that the IFE kept kicking me out of my movie every 10 minutes. When we landed the staff said goodbye to us and our baggage arrived safely.
  Amman to Dublin via Istanbul. Rude crew on both flights. Delayed 1 hour 30 minutes at the gate each time. No knee room in the premium economy at all am 180 cm. Poor food. Broken infotainment. The inflight map never works. Dirty seats
 Zurich to Istanbul on Turkish. As I connected from an inbound flight on Swiss and had obtained my boarding pass for the connecting flight, I did not have to go through any check-in procedure. At the gate, the agents were courteous and ensured an orderly boarding. Onboard the brand new A321neo, the business class had the proper seating unlike many other European carriers which simply leave the middle seat of economy style seats empty. The seats were wider than some lie-flat seats I had experienced and had a good recline complete with a footrest. Each seat had its individual IFE screens which were quite large and had a good selection of movies and music. After take-off we were served breakfast which had a delicious selection of pastries, cheeses and fruit followed by a hot entree. At the end of breakfast, I was offered Turkish coffee which was served with a Turkish Delight on the side. The crew were super polite and readily available and they called on the passengers regularly. Flight pushed back on time and arrived slightly ahead of schedule. Having flown Turkish several times in recent years and occasionally written not-so-flattering reviews, I must say this flight was nearly perfect in all aspects - great aircraft, attentive service, on-schedule performance, good IFE and wifi and great food. If Turkish can replicate this consistently, it can certainly compete with the Middle-Eastern and Asian carriers.
 Vienna to Baku via Istanbul. Four excellent flights with Turkish Airlines. All flights departed early or on time. Full meal service and seat back entertainment - surely the only airline in Europe that offers this. Friendly competent cabin crew. Clean and relatively comfortable aircraft. Prompt organised and efficient boarding. Only negative is transferring through the massive new airport in Istanbul - to be on the safe side I wouldn't book a flight with less than a two hour connection window.
  Istanbul to Manila. My baggage was mishandled by this airline. I have been travelling for 2 months over Europe and Africa and this has never happened to me up until I took this airline. My baggage was delayed and they did not even have the courtesy to directly deliver my baggage to me. They want me to go through the hassle of picking it up from the airport, even when they caused the mishap and inconvenience in the first place. It took me 3 weeks to get my luggage back. When I tried to get updates, they pass me around and not give me clear answers. Very bad customer service. Word of caution to everyone, be wary in taking this airline. I won’t be flying with them again for sure.
  Flight from Istanbul to Singapore delayed which meant missed Singapore connection to Melbourne. Turkish Airlines were rude and insensitive to customers dilemma and totally lacking customer service skills. Given new boarding pass for next day to Bangkok rather than Singapore as originally planned. Then being held in Bangkok for another 9 hours which meant I would arrive in Melbourne a whole day and a half later than my original ticket. Never will I fly or any of my family or any friends or their friends, with this airline. They rude and incompetent and consistently unreliable.
  Delhi to Cologne via Istanbul. I have flown with almost all the airlines but never came across a total unprofessional staff such as of Turkish airlines.  Delay of 6 hours from Delhi but they did not bother to tell us. Then I missed my connection and they made me to buy EVisa, they promised but never refunded the money. While returning, another delay from Cologne and another missed connection. Another E Visa and my money was wasted one more time.  I have seen staff of all airlines standing at the gates and guiding people for connecting flight. But Turkish airlines staff doesn't believe in this. When I landed in Istanbul after a delay, I still had 40 minutes before the departure gates were closed. I found no one to guide us to follow the correct gate. I saw people running with their luggage, children along with me. Istanbul is one big airport and we had to walk all the way from one end to another to reach our boarding gate. Deboarding, searching for the gate number and then running all over took 30 mins. And we all missed our flight to Delhi.  A long queue to buy EVisa because they wouldn't accommodate you in any other plane. Money wasted, a day wasted and then speaking to actually a mannerless staff of Turkish airlines. "I can't do anything, I don't fly the plane and you shouldn't have come to Istanbul if you're so angry", this was the standard response from most of their ground staff. They made us to run from one place to another with no support of any kind. All they told us to buy Visa and go to hotel.
  London to Tokyo Narita via Istanbul. I'm writing this only because prior to the trip I wanted to read some reviews of this airline, so I came here and panicked seeing that the majority are all very bad. I have to say that all the legs of my trip, all operated by Turkish, were timely and well organised. Service on board is very kind and pleasant, the food is plentiful and very nice for this kind of price and cabin. The service, toilets and complimentary bags with care items were very on point, also onboard entertainment has plenty of choices. I had no issue with layovers and changes and the staff was helpful and smiley.
  Houston to Karachi via Istanbul. Horrible airline with worst customer service. On our way back from Pakistan to USA, we had a few days stay in Istanbul. Airline cancelled my reservation on their own. Called them several times, no one helped finally they made us pay $1550 more to get new tickets to fly out of Istanbul. Worst experience of my life, we were cheated of our hard earned money. We filed a dispute with them. They said they would respond within 7 days. So far it's been 26 days no resolution. Please do not waste your time and money with this airline
 Istanbul to Havana. Everything perfect on my trip. I enjoyed the journey from the first moment to the last minute. The crew was very friendly. Very good services on board. Party in the sky with Turkish airline. For me is the first choice for biz class services.
  Hong Kong to London via Istanbul. After I went through security and immigration, I headed tow the plaza premium lounge that Turkish shares with other airlines. The lounge had poor WiFi, poor  food choices and unsatisfactory bathrooms. Aboard the plane, the seats were in a tight 2-3-2 layout. At Istanbul airport, the Turkish lounge was big but bad. At the golf simulator, the balls were made out of foam and never flew straight. They had WiFi so bad I couldn’t watch YouTube.  Aboard my flight to Heathrow, the plane and FA were the same: horrible. When they served breakfast, I ordered a ham and cheese sandwich but their definition of a ham and cheese sandwich didn’t include ham, cheese or even bread. Instead, they served a disgusting scrambled egg and vegetables. I would never fly Turkish airlines again. 
  Kosice to Havana via Istanbul. Turkish used to be one of my favorite airlines, but the most recent trip to Havana with a transit in Istanbul has changed it completely. The onboard service was rather rude, with the passengers being treated more like army recruits than like customers. The flight attendants only spoke bad English and Turkish (on a flight to a Latino country, where most passengers spoke only Spanish). Highly unprofessional! The new Istanbul Airport is a separate story, and quite a disaster. A typical "white elephant" government project. The building is impressive, but it's in the middle of nowhere very far from the city. The staff is incompetent, with few exceptions, lacking enthusiasm and speaking very little English. No WiFi could be found in the whole airport building (as of August 2019). The ground staff of Turkish Airlines is simply rude, and refuses transit accommodations (which should be included with the ticket for long transits) in a matter-of-fact manner. The problem wasn't limited to my booking and I saw many other angry customers at the transit desk. 
  Istanbul to Budapest. They overbooked the flight and even though we were checked in 24 hours before the flight, they didn't let us on the plane and didn't even give us options if we want to stay or go (like other airlines when they over book). And no answer at the gate! The guy totally ignored us and finally when we complained, they lied to us about having another flight leaving in 2 hours and they will send us with business class. It took us more than 2 hours to finally getting help and leaving 7 hours later. Finally they sent us tot he denied office, which took them forever to help us. I would never fly with them again.
  Istanbul to Munich. My flight had 3 hr and 45 min delay because of aircraft mechanical issue. So, I missed my connection flight with Air Canada. There is no one from Turkish Airlines in Munich airport right now. The counter is closed. I had to sleep on the airport. Turkish Airlines should have given me a hotel and send me with next flight.  This is the worst experience I could have. I spoke for 4 hours on the phone with international Turkish airline agent and after waiting for 4 hours on the phone they told me they cannot do anything and need to wait for their airport counter to open. This is ridiculous.
  Istanbul to Hamburg with Turkish Airlines in Business Class. Check-in was quick and efficient however TK was unable to issue the boarding passes for our onward journey which was on Lufthansa. When questioned, the agent simply told us he did not know. Following check-in we proceeded to the Turkish Airlines  lounge which was as impressive as its predecessor at the Ataturk airport. Food and drink options were plentiful and there were many seating arrangements to choose from. Our experience went downhill after leaving the lounge to board our flight. When we got to the gate we were informed of a delay on departure but was not given a reason. When boarding commenced, they used 3 separate queues, one for priority boarding and two based on seat numbers however, they processed passengers from all 3 queues simultaneously creating a logjam on the jetway. As with all of my Turkish Airlines flights departing Istanbul, the gate agents were surly and spoke little to English. On board, the hard product was OK aside from not providing direct aisle access. Shortly after take off, we were served lunch with 2 choices for the main course. The food was sub par and drink choices were poor for business class. The crew were friendly but had limited command of English. As with most of my flights with TK, the cabin was too warm making it an uncomfortable journey. IFE had a wide range of choices and the wifi worked fine after several attempts to log in. The flight departed late but landed on time and the captain or the crew did not bother to explain the reason for delay. Given this was a relatively short flight within Europe on a wide body aircraft with lie flat seats, I would give it a thumbs up however, Turkish Airlines’ ground service and the steady decline in its onboard service quality make this a mediocre flight at best.
  Budapest to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. Great 100% delay record with the Turkish airlines. Seat wasn't spacious. Old plane. Food was hot, that's about it. There goes the days where steward and stewardess would greet you when you enter and leave the plane. Their service is effective but could be more courteous during the flight. Can't wait to get off the plane as soon as possible.
  I bought my round trip business class ticket from New York to Tehran via Istanbul on July 30th 2019. It was my first flight with Turkish airline. First route from JFK to Istanbul wasn’t exiting at all for the price they charge me. But the staff were friendly. The problem was from Istanbul To Tehran, there was no business class seat at all which shocked me! Service was horrible and a disaster. They gave me tablet instead of having TV with horrible head phone, they gave me menu but they served food on the cart like a old move theater. I decided to return my ticket on my way back and not use it. They were supposed to charge me $450 US Dollars but they lied and charged me over. So disappointed. I will never fly with this airline. 
 London to Kuwait via Istanbul. On its website and video Turkish Airlines advertise that business class seating on its aircraft is flatbed. Of the 4 aircraft, I traveled on only one provided flat bed seating. The rest were old fashioned recline - only seats. On one aircraft the seat reclined no more than a few inches and was the most uncomfortable seat that I have experienced in the last 25 years of air travel. So beware there is no guarantee that in Turkish Airlines business class you will get a comfortable seat and certainly less chance of getting a flatbed seat. The airline's advertising is misrepresentative. I shall not be flying on this airline again.
 Skopje to Istanbul. The flight is okay. The only problem was I don’t understand why I can’t check through luggage for my next flight by another Star Alliance career? They forced me to exit at new hug Istanbul airport to take my luggage and re-check-in on a very short connection.
  Gatwick to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. It was a very good flight except that the entertainment system was old on the second flight. The crew were amazing. The only thing what I would want they should add is an English version of their new Lego safety video. It was the cheapest flight available including a 30kg luggage.
 Konya to London via Istanbul. As per usual, Turkish airlines staff on the plane are lovely, slightly poor service but they try. IFE is terrible, not much selection and crashes every 20 mins, food has been the same menu choices for five years (I fly monthly with them). Ground staff are possibly the most lacklustre group of people I’ve ever met. I would suggest flying with nearly any other airline over TK.
  Budapest to Istanbul. Economy seating was horrendous - extremely tight, my knees were bumping the seat in front of me, despite being only 5'7" tall. Saving grace was the excellent cabin crew with friendly, appropriate service and catering. On this flight, even though it was short, there was in-flight entertainment on somewhat dated personal screens. I would recommend short flights on these aircraft due to the comfort factor but it was overall a reasonable flight
  Mumbai to Antalya via Istanbul. Without explanation my ticket was changed. Got SMS and mail: My stopover would become suddenly six hours in Istanbul instead of two hours. There were several other flights from Istanbul to Antalya that would give me less delay. Had to call them, and the answer. You can cancel your ticket or you have to live with 6 hours stopover. No choice as such. No explanation either. That was already a very disappointing experience, even more since I am Elite Plus Frequent flyer with them. Send a complaint. It ok their customer service 4 weeks to come up with a nonsense answer. In the meantime they changed another leg of this ticket as well. Conclusion: No customer service. Long delay without explanation (and there were alternative flights available). Totally non interested staff at airport, online and on the telephone. Even though being a Elite Plus and Turkish Airlines, starting from today other airlines..
 Boston to Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. Check-in in Boston was painfully slow but was handled by a rather pleasant agent. Onboard the hard product was showing its age scuffed panels and ripped fabric. As with most of my flights with Turkish the air was stale and the cabin too warm throughout the entire flight. Despite requesting the temperature to be lowered on multiple occasions, the entire journey was made uncomfortable due to the hot cabin. Upon takeoff, it took quite a long time for the service to commence especially considering this was an 11:45 p.m. departure. Dinner was quite tasty and wines and champagne were of decent quality. The seat was comfortable in the flat position but I missed the oversize pillow they used to provide with the bedding which was replaced by a regular size, small pillow you would find in economy. Breakfast had lots of choices but the hot entree was poorly prepared. The biggest let down was the coffee which was warm at best. I had not flown with TK for almost a year and the decline in quality was evident. The washrooms were dirty and the staff, despite being friendly, were inefficient in the way they looked after the passengers. The IFE had a good selection but I opted for sleep instead. The flight left and arrived on time but the new airport in Istanbul meant a very long taxi to the gate. It took another 30 minutes waiting for the doors to open as the jet bridges could not be attached and the aircraft had to be moved into position manually. Overall, I am likely to take TK again but will look for alternatives as there are much better options out there for business class.
  Dammam to Istanbul. The staff were kind and the seats were comfortable for a 4 hour flight in economy class, the in-flight entertainment system was amazing, but there was a problem which is that sometimes the IFE glitches. They served us a meal but they used to give us bread with the meal, I don't know what happened. Overall, the airline is good for medium-haul flights.
 Overall the flight from Istanbul to Dubai was perfect. On time, foods were perfect, cabin crew friendly, entertainment system with movies and music. Seats were comfortable and no problem during the flight.
  Istanbul to London. As of today, I will not fly Turkish Airlines again unless I have to. Even though I paid 2 times the price, staff  humiliated me at the airport for more than 2 kg.  As of today, I will start the process to cancel all THY cards. Hizla Pegasuslasmakta olup Bugun itibariyle mecbur kalmadikca bir daha ucmayacagim havayolu. Pegasus’a gore 2 kat fiyat odememe ragmen 2 kg fazla icin beni havaalaninda rezil etmistir. Ki Turkiyede yasamama ragmen senede en az 3-4 defa long haul international ucuslarindan yararlananmaktayim. Bugun itibariyle butun THY kartlarini iptal icin surecini baslatacagim.
  Sofia to San Francisco via Istanbul. I booked this flight back in March for my parent's first visit to US. I was beyond excited I have found such a convenient flight that will fly them to US. Today, I received 10 texts from Turkish airlines my flight has been changed. When I went to look up the option, duration of one way was about 24 hours. I am extremely disappointed, because my travel agent is trying to get a hold of the Turkish Airlines and they can't . Now, I am waiting to see if I would be able to get another fight company. Words cannot describe my anger and frustration and of course huge loss of money. This is totally unprofessional and unacceptable.  Very disappointing, no one seems to care from customer service. Extremely bad English and bad communication over the phone.
  Rome to Doha via Istanbul. I was in my return journey. Airline gave me a seat separate from my family seating. When I approach Rome checkin, they informed that your seat will be corrected at Istanbul. But in Istanbul, no body available to respond. Flight attendant was not interested to help. At last my wife was travelling with 1 kid and 1 infant from Istanbul to Doha  with crying infant for 4 hours. Worst airline I have travelled.
  Istanbul to Mombasa with Turkish Airlines. The flight in Business takes more than 7 hours. The wide seats have a backrest recline of about 5 cm, no usable legrest. This seat model is about 40 years old. The most uncomfortable business seat for such a long flight of all airlines I used. Same seats on 5 hours flight Istanbul - Addis Ababa. Avoid by all means. 
  I had a round trip from Salt Lake City to Istanbul via New York in August 2018 returning September 2018. My return ticket was cancelled due to a hurricane and I tried getting my money back starting early September 2018 and got the runaround. Terrible customer service. One office said I can fly without any charges on the cancelled ticket within a year but it was all a lie. I requested a credit on new tickets I wanted to buy for 2019 but they refused to work with me.
  Warsaw to Taipei via Istanbul. In-flight experience is average. Nothing more or less than expected in economy. Appreciate the 3-3-3 layout in economy on the B777, meaning marginally more room than the traditional 3-4-3 on some airlines B777. Customer service is absolutely terrible. Baggage arrived 48 hours delayed and damaged. Applied for compensation with Turkish baggage irregularity department. Was requested to upload numerous documents: passport, boarding pass, picture of damage, receipts of necessary expenses due to delay. The “Claims department” then updates my file requesting an invoice for luggage repair. I provide this - have never heard from them since. Multiple follow up messages have been left unanswered with no response to the invoice they asked for. Two weeks have passed and no response. Seems Turkish customer support is run by a bunch of amateurs. Will be flying Emirates or Lufthansa for my next Europe-Asia routes. Emirates was able to proactively house me one night in a hotel in Dubai due to a weather related cancellation and provided hot meals and shuttle buses until the next day’s replacement flight...and Turkish Airlines can’t even get a baggage damage claim sorted. Go figure! Stay away from Turkish Airlines!
  Singapore to Catania via Istanbul. I wish I could give this airline and  their airport staff a zero-rating. Horrible experience. Plane was late and I missed my connection. At the airport, I had to struggle for hours before they agreed to put me on another flight. Airport staff was unable to communicate in English and was extremely rude. They repeatedly threatened customers protesting at the counter to call the police. I reached my final destination 12 hours after my scheduled arrival. To top this all, Turkish refused to refund my flight or grant any kind of compensation, as "they are not part of the EU" so they're not bound to EU rules. Outrageous. Never more with Turkish.
  Los Angeles to Samara via Istanbul. My final destination was Kazakhstan via Istanbul Turkey and Samara Russia. My wife and I do not need a visa to enter Russia; however, we found out in an airport before checking in that our new born baby need a visa to enter Russia even if it is transit. Its our mistake that US passport holder needs a visa to enter Russia even if short transit. You can not image how frustrate in this situation when you are ready flight with a new born baby. Los Angeles ground staff felt sorry for us and tried to solve this issue and even called Russia consulate in Samara to see any other options for this case; unfortunately, there was no options to enter Russia without a visa with U.S. passport holder. They said "sorry to us so many times; but, at the same time, they keep looking for any other options". Eventually, I decided to purchase new ticket to go Kazakhstan without transit via Russia; however, a staff explain that if we miss or give up one of five flights, (there is five flights on our itinerary), rest of flights will be canceled as per an airline policy. so we have to flight to Russia in order not to lose all flights. so I called Expedia to see what is our option for this case. As I expected, we have to purchase entire new tickets which is $8,500. Expedia said that is only option since that is an airline policy. I thought Turkish airline is the only one can solve this issue even if I purchased tickets via Expedia. So I started to convince them we will take all responsibilities even if we lose tickets. told me "just let us fly to Kazakhstan then I will purchase new ticket to fly there without entering Russia and please just remove our name from the list of flight from Istanbul to Samara Russia". Finally, they helped us to fly to Istanbul and then Almaty Kazakhstan without lose tickets. Once we arrived at Kazakhstan, we were able to apply Russia Transit visa for our baby so we can fly to Istanbul via Samara Russia to return to U.S. I felt that these staff in Los Angeles mind was that they want to help customers and take time to try to solve the issue even if they were doing against their policy. 
  London Gatwick to Istanbul via Dubai. My daughter's birthday was on the day we flew out from London Gatwick and I phoned them in advance to let them know this. They informed me to sign up to their 'Miles & Miles' membership so that they can provide a cake to my daughter in the plane. I did what was asked for but no cake or anything special. The aircraft was small from London to Istanbul, however the aircraft from Istanbul to Dubai was slightly bigger. I would have thought they would had bigger and better planes as London is a more international city but I was wrong. The customer service from stewards was poor. They did not smile and the level of English was inadequate as they could not answer basic questions i.e do you herbal tea. Equally, the food was terrible and tasteless. We were given something like toast. They should stick to traditional food like bulgar with kofta or shawarma. This would have been better. On the plus side. Entertainment system was good and had good choice of movies etc including Turkish TV series 'Ertugrul'. On the way back to London my daughter's TV entertainment system did not work which was disappointing. Economy class seats were okay but nothing that special. Long way for Turkish airlines to go before they become an international class carrier. Would not fly again nor recommend it to anyone.
  Istanbul to Boston. Our worst travel experience with Turkish Airline ever. We flew along with 2 kids(3 & 6 year old ) and had a food allergy. Individual Seat assignments: Our seats were confirmed 25D,E,F,G but they re-assigned seats for all of us separately(30D, 24B, 19J, fourth boarding pass got missing in chaos but it was a separate seat) . We are having a hard time understanding how a 3 year old child can travel unaccompanied? When we asked for the reason, they did not have an explanation. We stood on the airplane gate for half an hour when finally they assigned, separately, two seats for mom and daughter together and two seats for dad and son together just before take off (gate was closed and we were literally standing on the gate whole time during boarding process). These seats were not even anywhere close together (Row 27 for mom and daughter and row 9 for dad and son). When I asked how this could happen when I had called and already had confirmed seats, the guy at the gate (part of cabin crew) was extremely rude and replied very rudely that he doesn’t know what happened but he is trying to help us find a seat. Apparently he did not think anything of letting a 3 year old and a 6 year old sit together. The two female flight attendants were a bit nicer and they said to him in Turkish that a child cannot sit alone (they were speaking in Turkish but I could tell that’s what they said because they pointed to my kids).  Staff is so unprofessional and rude. When we checked in, we simply asked reason for not assigning seats together (please note that I had called the airline and made sure that we have seats together), the person on the desk was rude and was not replying to our questions. He simply gave the reason, in broken English, that the plane has changed that caused the problem when we asked why it was taking so long to check us in and if everything was ok. However, plane was not changed and he simply lied to us. Poor communication skills: The big problem was, they don’t understand/speak English well. When we asked reason why they assigned our confirmed seats to someone else, the person on the check-in counter could not explain in English and he got frustrated as he as was trying to explain in broken English which was hard for us to understand. In his frustration, he stated showing his rudeness. The same situation was on the plane, whey they were trying to get seats for us, we asked crew members how did this happen? they simply could not reply in English and ultimately replied with rudeness, again it was language problem but I feel that the females were nicer than the man at the door of the plane, who was part of the cabin crew. The other guy was polite and ok who was serving me food but the guy at the door (part of the cabin crew) was extremely rude). He was the one we asked how this could happen when our flight was confirmed and he responded rudely. We asked if at least two of us could sit together behind each other (2 seats in front and 2 in back) and he said yes and told mom and daughter to follow him (all the way to row 27), yet dad and son were told to wait there and were given seats in row 9. Mom was waiting for dad and son to show up close to mom and daughter, but that did not happen. Dad in row 9, had to call a flight attendant and ask where mom and daughter were. He was then led to our seat all the way in the back of the plane to show us where we were.
  On the flight from Kuala Lumpur to Turkey and on the return flight, the air conditioning was very cold, super uncomfortable cold. My wife and I both returned home with flu like symptoms, I received anti biotics for a chest infection from the long flight under such cold conditions. I was wearing suitable long pants, long sleeve shirt, jumper yet still felt cold with the airline blanket on. My wife used two blankets and still was cold the entire flight. I've flown many long haul flights with other airlines and never has the cabin temp been so so cold.
  Milan to Mombasa via Istanbul. They changed the flights 5 times between the date I bought the tickets and the departure due to the opening of the new airport. Then they lost the bags of the full flight in their new airport in Istanbul! After 5 days we are still waiting for any information about our bags. They ask you to fill in the online questionnaire because the one done at the airport with their staff had no reference number. To open the report of the claim they tell you to list one by one the items included in your bags indicating the price of each one, otherwise the claim report remains open because they flag it as "missing documents". They don't know where the bags are and since they have the worst client service ever seen in my life, you only receive standard answers. Never again with TK.
  Paris to Kilimanjaro via Istanbul, returning from Zanzibar. The seats are not suitable for a trip of + 7h. This is definitely not a business class but it has the price though! No registration in advance possible: no couple seated together in Istanbul and here we go again in Zanzibar. Staff do not respond to simple requests (eg glass of water), always returning later - but nothing happens later! During the stopover in Zanzibar, no information was provided, customers are left in a staff change cabin and disturbed with the new team that is completely lost. This was a hot mess! In summary, fly Oman Air or Ethiopian, it cannot be worse.
  Montreal to Istanbul. I had my worst travelling experience in my life. They lost my luggage for 3 days. They did not give right information on the phone and they did not compensate the expenses due to the delay completely. The ticket price was more expensive than the other airlines and the provided services was disaster.
  I had bought tickets for my flight from San Francisco to Kyiv via Istanbul in advance. Few days before the flight day I had called to Turkish Airline Customer service to double-check if everything has changed about my flight and the representative told me that they got only small updates about my way back tickets. They have changed the time for 5 minutes later and the airport. She did not mention anything else about my upcoming flight to Kyiv. After arriving at the airport to Istanbul I came to the Turkish airline front desk to ask them about the hotel service. Since my layout time is 13 hours they supposed to offer me to stay in the hotel, and for this reason, I have chosen this airline. It is their written policy. I’ve been waiting in the line for about 30 minutes. The representative told me that there is some update on my flight, they have alternative flight that is sooner than 13 hours and they cannot offer me the hotel, but at the same time they cannot offer me a new ticket to the alternative flight; moreover, I must pay extra money for that ticket. They changed the airport of arrival so why do I need to pay in this case? Is it legal at all? I just want to mention that when I was booking my tickets these 13 hours connection time and old airport were the only options. Their system does not show any other flights. After I have been waiting for his decision more than 30 minutes at the front desk, he told me that he even cannot check that alternative flight for me and provide with some more information about its costs or how can I get that ticket. He said that I need to go to another front desk that is after security check out. I went to another front desk and there was a huge line of yelling people who missed their flight because of the delay. I was patiently waiting for another one and a half hour in the line and after, another representative told me the same story that I must pay extra money for upgrading my ticket because they are not going to provide me the hotel room. They said that since there is another option for me to get to Kyiv earlier and I need to pay for that, they cannot give me the room. Representatives were referring to their policy about offering the free hotel room. I want to mention that six months ago when I was purchasing my tickets there were NOT other option with layout less than 13 hours, 13 hours layout was the only option on their website that’s why I bought it because they provide a hotel to stay that 13 hours. They told me that I can contact their manager which is located on Turkish Airline Hotel Desk after Passport control. I went there. After another long line I finally met 3rd different representative that told me the same story about their policy and referred me to the ticket exchange desk to exchange my ticket to a sooner flight, but he said that it is usually some small fee for exchanging but they cannot tell how much exactly and I need to go to another front desk. I went there and 4th representative announced that I must pay 150 Dollars to exchange my tickets to flight sooner! Is it some kind of joke? I have already paid for the tickets if the airline has changed their flight, why do I need to pay for that? By denying the hotel service they put customers in a difficult situation and tired customers had no choice there to argue, they buy that more expensive tickets other ways they going to sleep on the floor at the airport. To me, that sounds like a scam.
  Very bad experience from this airline. Our route was Stockholm -- Istanbul - Sharm el Sheikh and back. Both flights to and from Istanbul to Sharm had been cancelled for no reason and we were forced to choose another flight one day later with long transit time (over 7 hours). We paid for seat reservation but no seats were reserved. Cabin crew weren't nice and helpful at all. 
  I made a reservation for a pet from New York JFK to Baku via Istanbul. I was advised by Turkish Airlines representatives to make a reservation for the cat on the flight with Jet Blue. However, when I called Jet Blue to make a reservation for my pet from Sacramento to JFK, I was told that the airlines never does this. And it is not allowed. Turkish Airlines representatives should have this information for travelers, as it is very difficult in the first place to make a pet reservation on Turkish Airlines. I called the Call center, and was told by a representative how to change my reservation. I did this, but there was an error in the booking that could not be changed, and I no longer had a booking for this flight, even though I was not offered any refund or further help. I was told that this case would be reported to customer service, and was given a number. I called the customer service back, and was not helped at all. I also emailed several offices, in both San Francisco and New York, and received no response whatsoever. After one week, I was told that they would put my case on priority status, that it would be handed within 48 hours. After 9 days, Turkish airlines has failed To address this situation. And this mistake - which their representatives created - has not been addressed or rectified. This is the worst service I have ever received from any airline that ì have ever made a reservation with. I am extremely dissatisfied, as I have no longer have any way to reserve any ticket for myself and a pet in cabin on the airline.
  Toronto to Karachi via Istanbul. The flight overall was very good. The flights were on time, the staff was friendly and maintained the cleanliness of the toilets. The food was very good. The only negative which i have noticed was that they maintained a general temperature in the plane and the passengers did not have individual air-conditioning ducts on the top of their seats so for those passengers who needs extra air or cold temperatures, it may be a bit challenging.
  I book a ticket for another person, when I reviewed the ticket 15 min after it was issued I realized that the 1st name was miss-spelled. 2 extra keyboard keys were pushed inadvertently. I contacted Turkish airlines customer service, they will not talk to me until i filled out their feedback form and got a case number - which I did. including attaching a copy of the passport to correct the name. Then I called back the agent gave her the case number, she transferred it to ticketing department. Instead if the name being corrected, i got the following email: Dear D G, The travel date and passenger details on our web sites are being chosen by our passengers through calendars and those dates are being shown again on the availability screen, the flight information and payment screens (time of flight, route, airport and date of travel). On the other hand, the section "I Agree to be bound by the rules of Terms & Conditions, General Conditions of Carriage on Turkish Airlines web site and fare notes of the ticket reserved, and I confirm the accuracy of the information I entered. " is being shown to passengers on the payment/confirmation page prior to completing the ticketing transaction. A confirmation e-mail is being sent to passengers upon completing the transaction. After the ticket is purchased, the general rules of the related ticket apply and all transactions such as changes or refunds are being performed according to those rules. These rules are being equally implemented for all passengers in case of changes/cancellations or refund requests. Based on your message, we would like to inform you that after the ticketing process is completed, it's not possible to change the name information on the ticket. Any differences of the name information between the ticket and the passport may prevent passengers from travelling. However, as a result of our customer satisfaction policy, if you purchase a new one-way ticket for the related passenger(s) via the official Turkish Airlines website (www.turkishairlines.com) with the same dates, same route, correct passenger details and for a price "which must be either equal or higher price than the current ticket”, we will cancel and refund the old ticket. If you buy a new ticket which is not applicable to the requirements above and request a refund, the related transactions will be completed within the boundaries of the ticket rules. Please submit a new feedback with your new ticket in order to start the refund process. Thank you for your understanding. Sincerely yours,  Customer Representative TURKISH AIRLINES INC. Customer Contact Center I had no choice but to cancel the ticket and lose 250 Euros. Airlines are allowed to make mistakes, be late lose luggage, forget special order meals, but a customer can't make an honest error without being penalized.
 The flight was scheduled at 11 pm but delayed by 4 hours. At that hour, there is no possibility to buy anything to drink or food in Kinshasa airport (not any automatic distributor). During 4 hours: Nobody from the company came to us to bring some water or more information about the delay! So 3 hours with kids in Kinshasa without anything to drink. Then I negotiate to access to VIP Lounge for 50 $ for 4 people (instead of 200 $) to be able to have something to drink. And the company refuse to reimburse these 50 $! Incredible.
  Prague to Manila via Istanbul. I am satisfied with Turkish Airlines. Comfortable seats, delicious meals, good choice of drinks, amenity kit, I really loved their safety video. The ticket price was reasonable.
  
Karachi to London via Istanbul. My disabled mother was flying back from Karachi to London. Her mobility scooter, which she uses as she can not walk, was checked in. When she landed and collected her baggage she noticed her mobility scooter had been crushed. She was mortified as it was a new scooter costing around £1800 and she does not have a lot of money so buying a new one is not so easy. She was taken to one of there offices were the person dealing with this matter told her not to worry at all and that they would get the scooter repaired ASAP and that she should take it back home with here and they would arrange collection. We then got a call from someone saying that they will not be collecting it but instead they asked my disabled mother to take the scooter to a repair shop, get a quote and send it to them and then they will pay for the repair. We did that and after 2 some time they got back to us saying that what we sent them was a quote and they need an invoice even though they asked for a writen quote. Anyway we send the invoice with a long message saying please try to resolve this quickly as my mother in confined until she gets her scooter back. They then replained with a one sentence answer saying 'We cannot evaluate this document. Thank you for your understanding'. Understand what, there was no explanation. I then had to call them, spent half an hour explaining the situation and they said it was because it was not an invoice, even though it clearly was. We then had to go back to the workshop and got them it change the invoice and sent it again. And there reply, you guessed it 'We cannot evaluate this document. Thank you for your understanding'. So again we called them up and this time they said because the invoice was not stamped by the company. Spoke to the company again, who at this point is fed up of us, and they singed the invoice as they do not have a stamp but told us they have sent many invoices and have never had this issue before. Sent the invoice again and there response 'We cannot evaluate this document. Thank you for your understanding'. We replied saying if you are not happy still with the invoice then can you arrange for a another repair shop to do the shop and there are no other places and my mother can not drive due to her disability and the scooter is extremely heavy. They said no. it has now been 6 months since the incident and still this has not been resoled. Its absolutely appalling that this airline is not helping a disabled person who is not able to move around because of something that happened to her scooter while under there care. Its inhumane.
  Houston to Istanbul. I am a mother of 2 children - 1 is 7 months old and the other is 3 years old. I spoke on the phone with a customer service representative with your airline for ticketing and reservations. I am outraged and disappointed in the terrible customer service and appalling company policy Turkish Airlines has for families with children. From my understanding with the rep and manager today, if a family is traveling with an infant, the only place they can sit is a bassinet accessible seat. In order to receive this seat with my family and babies - we have to pay an additional $109 per person, per seat - going both ways round trip! That’s over $600 extra for my family. This is a terrible policy and is basically punishing and penalizing families with infants. I have flown internationally on 2 other trips before with a different airline, and there was never  an additional fee to accommodate a family to be able to sit together with their infant, with a bassinet accessible seat. I am travelling with my 2 boys and husband. In addition to this my sister, her spouse, my mother and her spouse are also going to be on the same flight with us. Our entire family has already spent plenty of money as your customers for our flight and now we are being penalized and asked to pay additional money to have a bassinet seat?!? Turkish airlines is punishing families by enforcing additional financial burdens on families. After my conversation with the customer service rep and her manager, it is clear to me that the Turkish Airlines customer services reps only care about repeating, over & over, the company policy as an excuse or escape route to avoiding good customer services. Not once did they display any empathy or understanding that as a mother, I do not want to sit by myself with my infant son, and be forced to take care of all his needs, by myself, for a 12 hour flight. Long flights are difficult for babies and families and we need help to make sure its a safe and smooth flight for our children and family. After getting zero help from a customer rep and manager on the phone, I sent feedback online. I got the same  policy recited to me again. Again no compassion and understanding from this company of the difficulties traveling with children and babies. Never again will I fly with Turkish Airlines.
  Going from XNA to ADD on 7/6 baggage didn’t arrive at destination for 3 days. I am informed at the airport, this is standard operating procedure for Turkish Airlines arriving in ADD.  Had to go to the airport at 1 a.m. for 3 days before my baggage was located as there was no “system” to inform me of the status of my bags. Now flying back on 7/19, flight from IST to ORD delayed by 160 minutes. As a result, will miss connecting flight at ORD. I will have to pay for my own accommodation at ORD or opt to stay in IST and go out the following day taking the same risk for a flight delay. (flight on 7/18 was also delayed by the same amount of time) At three customer service desks at three different locations of the IST airport, I asked to be routed through ATL and was told I must pay my own way from ATL to XNA as the only flight out that night was Delta it was not Star Alliance. And they will terminate my flight at ATL. I opted into that. The process of talking to agents (many, as no one seems to have the authority to make decision) took 1.5 hours which possibly caused episode 3 below. My baggage did not make it to ATL on 7/19 on TK31. And as of this morning (7/21) according to the customer service agent, the system doesn’t show where my bag maybe. Advised next steps: wait until tomorrow a.m. 48 hours after my flight, and submit a lost baggage claim; which will start a process to “reimburse for lost luggage” or “expedite the search”. BTW – since I opted to get my flight terminated and paid $500 for my last leg of the flight, TK will not deliver my bag to my final destination. I will have to pay a FedEx fee for that. Still waiting for my bags! Again: if you don’t need baggage or good customer service, fly Turkish Airlines.
  I booked a return flight on Turkish Airline from New Delhi to Geneva and then Rome to New Delhi. The last leg of the journey was horrible, It was operated by Turkish codeshare partner Indigo. I fail to understand how can a full service carrier like Turkish make its customers travel on a low cost airline. We had to pay for water, no inflight entertainment and no hot meals only sandwiches that too only what was available with them. 
  Istanbul to Edinburgh. Pleasant flight. Disappointing bland breakfast, and very surprised at the poor quality. Entertainment hit and miss. Professional and courteous staff.
  Dusseldorf to Istanbul via Seychelles. I've now flown 4 times with Turkish Airlines, all times were terrible. Unfriendly staff, some don't even speak English properly. I was flying alone with my baby and also being pregnant, no extra help was offered. When flying during the night, they start serving dinner at midnight, lights are on bright, people trying to sleep with blankets over their heads. I asked several times if they could dim the light. When pressing the flight attendant button, nobody comes. Terrible service! The meals are also horrible. Cheap, tasteless, unhealthy food. They are trying to be like Emirates but they obviously can't compete.
  
Adana to Istanbul, night flight. Crew were friendly. They supported me with a blanket and helped with my hand baggage. Beverages were different and it's cool. But sandwich wasn't good. The bread was very dry from 4 sides, and attached  cheese wasn't good. One problem  disturbed me, I bought connecting flight via Turna.com from Adana-Istanbul-Almaty, Turkish Airlines and Air Astana, but in Adana on baggage registration desk they couldn't connect my baggage till my last destination. 
 Tel Aviv to Istanbul. Seats on this flight are terrible and uncomfortable. The food is becoming lower and lower - just a small tiny sandwich and every 5 minutes announcements so you cant sleep 15 minutes. Horrible and not recommended. I am a member at the highest level of Turkish Airlines and they never ever give me upgrades. Horrible airline.
  New York to Sofia via Istanbul. Luggage arrived damaged and they won’t pay for damage they did. Flight attendants rude like you didn’t pay you ticket. Transfer person on the airport is one for 10 people you waiting hours before they take you out to see you gate. After arrived the lost luggage agent not sure what paper to fill - they fill 3 different one. Next is you have to go to airport every day to see if they find you luggage because no one call you to let you now if they find or not? 5th day I finally receive luggage, and the luggage arrive damage. Well after they give you claim number in one complicated page is take you 2 day to figure this out how to send them pictures. And after 3 months waiting sending mails what no one answers and you try to forget you loses and you madness.
 Havana to Munich via Istanbul and Caracas. My Turkish Airlines experience was great. The service is incredible, the crew is nice and funny and always ask you if everything is going well even they make you the bed. The seat is comfortable, it goes fully flat, also the privacy is good, the entertainment screen is big, and includes a lot of movies, music, games it also has cameras to see what is happening outside and have free wifi which is good, also the food is delicious, for me this is a top 5 airline, totally recommended.
 Dammam to Istanbul. The staff weren't smiling, but they were professional. I got into the plane and checked the Economy legroom, it was good for an economy class seat and for a medium haul flight, in-flight entertainment is amazing! The food was so delicious, the staff really helped.
  Dubai to Oslo via Istanbul. Pathetic, I was told by ground staff to get boarding pass for my second leg journey from gate, due to some technical glitch in system. Gate says they cannot issue, talk with airline staff. Airline staff says talk with Istanbul ground staff. No one to help.
 San Francisco to Istanbul. Flying with Turkish is a nightmare. Customer service is so poor that you have never experienced it anywhere. Food and drinks are super low quality. Crews are lost and bathrooms are not even usable because of how dirty they are the staff at the gate, can get your reward number but add your points some other account. Online customer service is amazingly rude and useless and cant even talk English. I don't know why they have the job! Do your self a favor and skip this airline. Turkish Airline is all spam.
 I travelled from Istanbul to Kayseri on Turkish Airlines flight TK 7296 on 22nd June 2019. The flight was delayed for 2 hours and upon reaching Kayseri, our baggage didn't come. We waited for 30 minutes, only to meet the person who informed that our baggage was left in Istanbul as the flight was overweight. We weren't provided with any proper reports for the same and the personnel just wrote our details on a paper while promising us to deliver us baggage to our hotel in Cappadocia, the next morning (a pathetic manner to handle such situation where no official report is made). Next morning, I called, emailed concerned authorities hundreds of times and never received an appropriate response. The only thing I got to hear was to call someone else or I should speak in the Turkish language because the people there do not understand English (which is horrible for someone who works at an airport). In fact, one of the personnel lied saying my baggage has left for Cappadocia. After all the frustration, I drove 1 hour to Kayseri airport to collect my baggage. Nobody was there to check if we are collecting the right baggage (anybody can take anyone's else bags). No proper report was given. The next afternoon (after more than 48 hours), someone called us asking whether we took our baggage or not. This is not only horrible, pathetic service from Turkish Airlines, but it is downright fraud and cheating where you people lie to keep the passengers quiet and show no responsibility towards the safety of our luggage. Terrible customer service with no ethics or morals. Being tourists, we carry everything in one bag and that being delayed, puts us in great trouble whereas Turkish airlines are least bothered about the same. Nor they bother to inform or compensate.
  Istanbul to Bangkok. We booked this flight as part of an itinerary to use the Touristanbul service. Every single communication we had with Turkish Airlines was cryptic and baffling including email exchanges with the hotel desk, the Touristanbul desk, and the feedback desk. They were unable (incapable?) to provide clear or helpful information. Complete incompetence across the board. Finally one of the agents on the phone suggested we contact their feedback desk to get help. We emailed and received (4 days later) another unfriendly and virtually incomprehensible email was received. Despite having a 20 hour layover, we were denied all services. So, take TA promises with a grain of salt.
  Istanbul to Bodrum. Terrible airline service. Due do operational reasons we have missed our flight which we have checked in. THY has extorted $180 from us and threaten us to cancel our rerun flight to BHX if we don’t pay this money and fly to Bodrum. They rejected to issue me a new ticket only for this leg which would be $60 per person. I wouldn’t recommend this airline or the new airport in Istanbul to any passenger.
  My transit stop in Istanbul which was 1.5 hours according to my ticket. We discovered in the airport that our trip was cancelled and we have to wait extra 9 hours for the next plane. The customer service mentioned that this is the rule in Turkish Airlines, as they have the right to change the time of their trips without informing the customers and they are not responsible for how and where the customers will spend the periods of change. We had to sit in the airport without any care from their side from 9 am till 8:20 PM.
  Manchester to Ercan via Istanbul. Check-in & boarding at Manchester no issues efficient as usual The lounge used in Manchester is the Aspire by swissport - overcrowded, noisy and very poor selection unless you choose to pay for certain drinks. Avoid if possible or book the 1903 lounge, free flowing champagne and the food is great and staff fabulous. Manchester to Istanbul flight was on a new Neo with the newer short haul business seat which was a pleasant surprise - comfortable and fairly roomy. Tv screen decent size. Crew, with Turkish and flying with them regularly you get to know their quirks - ie if you don’t ask you don’t get it offered and as soon as the meal has been served the curtain closed and it’s a challenge to get any service despite ringing your call bell which is usually ignored until you pop up to the curtain and dare to ask for a drink. Once asked you are served begrudgingly you feel and the usual flow of passengers from economy through the cabin to use the toilet at the front unchallenged by crew. Took approximately 1 hour after take off to be served a drink. Meal was tasty and once the crew are out and about they are polite and efficient; but then back to hide behind the curtain..Arrived at the new Istanbul airport - super impressed and super hug , would definitely recommend comfortable shoes or grab the buggy for €6. New business lounge amazing once you find the entrance,  only irritation was we found a entrance which turns out was for PRM passengers and passengers with kids. The guy on the entrance flatly and rudely refused entry and just pointed -  go other door - that’s great but where and why. Not the best 1st impression for your premium passengers. Buggy to the connecting gate saves a hike. Flight to Ercan,  dirty old aircraft business seat - not really business seat - cramped and with the middle seat folded down - crew again curtain closed felt abandoned again. Overall Turkish are consistent and they are what they are - is it a business or premium  experience - not compared to EK or Singapore but that is reflected in the price.
  They cancelled the flight from Kayseri to Istanbul. Upon calling their customer care services, they informed me that their servers were down and need to call them later. In the next 1 hour, I called them 3 times to get the same reply (their calls are chargeable). I had to book another flight on my own to reach Istanbul as I had a connecting flight to Sharjah (I missed my flight as the next flight was way too late). Upon reaching their office at Istanbul airport, their customer care representatives behaved badly and only refunded the usual cancellation charges as if I had cancelled the flight - they did not refund the full amount. They even refused to provide accommodation and flight to sharjah as it was a different airline booking. Their customer care number was not reachable. All in all, a harrowing experience.
  Kiev to Bamako via Istanbul. The most horrible experience among all the airlines I have ever used. Three days have already passed since airplane landed in Bamako and my luggage still was not delivered. Apparently, air operator abuses the scarce number of flights available in the indicated direction and substitute passengers' luggage by commercial cargo. This company demonstrates highest degree of disrespect towards its customers and I see no point to positively assess it. 
 Absolute chaos from start to finish. A surreal experience. There was so much wrong but I want this review to be short. The flight left an hour late. The boarding process was chaos. I was brought a meal that had already been opened and reclosed, and was missing the plastic covers (i didn't eat it). We booked this flight to use the Touristanbul service. Every single communication we had with Turkish Airlines was cryptic and baffling including email exchanges with the hotel desk, the Touristanbul desk, and the feedback desk. They were unable (incapable?) to provide clear or helpful information. Despite having a 20 hour layover, we were denied all services. So, take TA promises with a grain of salt. 
  Kuala Lumpur to Dubrovnik via Istanbul. Worst airline and extremely poor customer service. Our flight was cancelled due to high winds. This is understandable. Safety first, but we were told to collect our luggage, then go back and line up at the counter. Stop, you must collect your luggage. No communication about the process, nothing. We waited in line for over five hours while two staff were assisting 200 passengers to rebook them and put them in hotels for one or two nights. No leadership or executives appeared. Two young ladies who did their best. Staff in Istanbul are useless and need customer service training. I will never fly with them again and I will not recommend them.
  Amsterdam to Istanbul. Check-in was very convenient and fast. The flight departed on time and the seats of the former Kingfisher Airlines plane were quite comfortable with decent legroom. Turkish Airlines has two of these ex Kingfisher planes in its fleet which have a different entertainment system, which has very limited entertainment options. On this 3 hour flight a hot meal was served (chicken was tasty) together with a drink service. The crew was professional and polite. After landing the taxi time to the gate at the New Istanbul Airport was quite long, but we arrived on time. In the end it was a good experience.
  Montreal to Istanbul. My wife and kids were travelling via tk 36 on 16th June, boarding time 930 pm, around 10:00 pm it was announced due some technical problems flight was delayed by a day, new departure is 8 pm next day. Local passengers were asked to collect the luggage and come back again tomorrow. I went to pick them again, my wife called from baggage claim that she wasnt able to find our bags and waited long enough at the belt. There was no TA staff down there to help. I talked to the staff at the airline counter that my wife is needing some help cant seem to find the bags, she is there with kids if u can send someone at the belt to help. First thing Turkish Airlines staff member asked me is she travelling with 2 kids, how many bags, i told her 4 bags - she started why 4 bags when she is alone with 2 kids, kept on mumbling and they were all busy here at the counter. Well first of all its not her concern, non of the bag was overweight or size and we were within allowed limit. Anyways i guess there were more passengers in similar situation and figured out where the bags were lying. Next day we kept on checking for the departure time which was 8pm. At around 3pm it changed to 6pm, we called Turkish airlines office and they said yes it changed to 6. No email or sms through the day. We rushed to airport, chaotic scenes at counter huge line up and counter was still closed. Figured out flight time was now changed to 8:30pm, eventually at 4:45 we also got email confirming the same. However flight ultimately took off at 1030pm. It was a frustrating and agonizing experience. Unreliable, lack of communication, and unprofessional customer service. Not recommended.
  Beirut to Istanbul. I wanted to change the date of my flight from 22:05 16\6\2019 to 15:55 at 16/6/2019 - it's on the same day just a small change between hours and there were free seats in both planes. They wanted 126$ for the change fee, and it's a very huge number for a small change, I'm not satisfied for this service.
  Alexandria to London via Istanbul. Flight delayed one hour from Alexandria had to run to catch the connecting flight in Istanbul which was at the other side of the airport. In the return flight, it was delayed by more than an hour and a half in London and had also to run to catch the returning flight to Egypt. Worst time schedule ever!
  My flight from Istanbul to Bodrum was very pleasant. Aircraft was a B738 equipped with in flight entertainment, and with pretty comfy seats with a nice legroom(I'm 1.84). Unlike what most people claim experience taxi duration to runway 34R (which is the farthest runway from the terminal) was 15 minutes and we didn't hold before departure. Crew was ordinary, my luggage didn't get lost. As usual for short flights we were offered a sandwich/toast, a variety of drinks and some snacks. We arrived 3 minutes early too. Food could have been better but the flight is too short for any other kind of meal to be served.
  Johannesburg to Toulouse via Istanbul. Seats comfortable without being luxurious - Economy after all. Food good but airline should stay away from omelets as bland and runny! Cabin crew very efficient but no smiles - rather this than cheerful incompetents. Staff at Toulouse airport excellent. New Istanbul airport very impressive. Would definitely fly with them again.
  New York to Istanbul . I flew for the first time with Turkish Airlines and they lost my baggage since Feb 18th, 2019. I have filed a claim and made numerous phone calls as well. And they still haven’t found my baggage nor gave me any compensation for it. It has been over 4 months. The flight seats were also very small and uncomfortable. I will never recommend Turkish Airlines.
  Istanbul to Dubai. During our trip with horrible airline they managed to try their absolute hardest to downgrade our full fare business tickets to economy 3 times until they succeed. First from Istanbul to Bodrum “sorry were over sold you and your whole family are going in economy,” followed by Bodrum to Istanbul sorry 5 hour delay we might not have seats in business and last but not least Istanbul to Dubai “we can’t find your business class ticket are you sure you paid for a ticket?” Basically if you want to throw away your money or be treated terribly fly Turkish airline!
  Istanbul to London. Very disappointed with Turkish Airlines service, staff and attitude generally. They cancelled my inbound flight and moved it to the next day for no explanation. I am an Elite Plus Member but this makes no difference the loyalty I have given them flying so many times on Turkish. I called them and was put through to a call centre in Turkey. The accent of the operator was so heavy I couldn’t understand them. After 20 minutes on the call I was told I had to visit Gatwick airport before the flight to change my ticket. This is untenable and ridiculous to expect someone to do this when they cancel a flight. I ended up getting a Turkish speaking friend to call them and they managed to exchange the ticket. But to a different London airport costing me more in taxis and taking longer to transfer for which I was not compensated and no apology. At Istanbul airport now on the flight I was moved to. The Turkish Airlines staff here are just rude and arrogant and do not care at all. The directions to the lounge are poor in the new airport. The staff do not look you in the eye. Do not care to help you. I think they know everyone is complaining so have became disconnected from their job. Just very poor service all around. This is why I choose other airlines now. PS if you ever have a bag damaged with Turkish Airlines forget any help in compensation- it happened to me twice. Compare this with BA. BA sort it immediately. 
  Kayseri to Istanbul. Poor baggage handling. Looks like being thrown irresponsibly. Extremely poor baggage damage complaints unit. 6 other passengers had the same problem at the baggage office. Clearly shows the magnitude of the problem. Agreed by ground staff. Submitted claim online but after a few messages, blatantly declined to compensate. Finally ignored my messages.
  Istanbul to Ankara. A Boeing 777 for a short haul flight of about 45 mins - you do not see that everyday but I was pleased to be in my favorite aircraft anyway. However, dealing in full-board service with a large aircraft for a short haul was problematic for both cabin crew and passengers alike. Meal was a special Ramadan box, including a soup and additional drink, so I am not sure if everyone could get their boxes. Extremely nervous crew could not come back to collect the garbage and we were told to throw them on the floor while landing! I would prefer their usual short haul panini, rather than the Ramadan box anyway. Poor ground service combined with amazingly long taxi duration of new Istanbul airport. 45 mins delay in boarding time and 45 mins of taxi for a 45 mins of flight time? That surely was a weird flight.
  Amsterdam to Istanbul. IFE selection and economy catering of Turkish is perfect, no complaints in that department. Seat pitch was not as problematic as I usually encounter in their A330-300s, this time it was okay. However, their ground service is sloppy almost everywhere. You do not always see 50 minutes delay in boarding at Schiphol. Cabin crew do their job, but without any smile - as usual in Turkish.
  Kuala Lumpur to Lisbon via Istanbul. Check-in at KL airport refused to acknowledge the (extra legroom) seat payment made when flights were booked, despite my showing them the receipt & seat allocation. I have been flying with Turkish Airlines for over 10 years & have always regarded them as the premium airline internationally. Not any more. Seats have become more constricted - limited legroom, especially when the person in front reclines their seat! The food standard has declined substantially & punctuality of flights has become chaotic! Ground service is too often dismissive and unethical - inflight service is most often good. I think that their inability to retain the high standard set years ago has exemplified the downward shift in service - everything from airport checkin to responsibility for the Airlines' failure to meet timelines and provide compensation.
  Istanbul to Dublin. The move to the New Istanbul Airport has been a complete disaster from the get go. Nobody knows what is going on out there, the staff are new and extremely unhelpful and the general experience is grating from start to end. The airport is far to large to navigate conveniently and the quality of construction out there is disgraceful. So many corners cut to satisfy unrealistic schedules. It looks 20 years old already and I shudder to think what it will look like in only 5 years more. The transport links to the city do not exist and it's a consistent 30 minutes taxi from gate to take off. Avoid transiting with TA at all costs when their direct competitors in the ME are so far ahead for quality and service it is hard to believe. This giant white elephant airport is doomed to fail. These thoughts are in addition to the horrendous customer service I endured today while traveling with two small children and no partner. We had unforeseen delays at immigration of almost 1 hour yet (the only photocopy station is 300 yards away). Turkish Airlines shrugged their shoulders saying there was no way they could call the gate and let them know we were on the way. We ran the 15 mins to the gate and missed it by 2 mins. They then delay the flight to remove all our bags. You couldn't make the incompetence up. No effort, shrugged shoulders. Typical. The general Turkish Airlines service is appalling, despite being a top level frequent flyer. I fly them because I have to but I would choose any, literally other option going forward. That airline is going down fast and the airport is also sinking (literally)
  On our Turkish Airlines flight from Tel Aviv to Istanbul, April 20, 2019 I experienced an incident as we were deboarding. There was a young woman who was speaking very loudly with her group. Thinking nothing of it, I stood up to get off the plane. A minute later she puts BOTH hands and me and shoves me to the side – into the seats - to get to her group. I can handle a little push, scootch past - but a two-handed forceful shove is too much. I told her to chill out and wait. She started yelling at me in another language (I don’t know which), taunting me and laughing at the back of my head - with her group laughing too. As we were getting off the plane, she was directly behind me and I stopped and informed the young female flight attendant stationed at the back of the plane that this woman - pointing to her - just forcefully pushed me with both hands. Flight attendant - no kidding - shrugged her shoulders and said "So?" Thinking she didn't understand, I repeated it. The FA then laughed aloud and said clearly "Well, what do you want me to do about it?" I said "You are telling me that I can punch someone on this flight and you will do nothing?" She laughed and again said "What can I do?". This was in front of my husband, the woman who pushed me and one of her companions. Shocked I got off the plane and at the bottom of the stairs I explained the situation to the ground crew and the Turkish Airlines Security that was on the ground to get us on the bus to take us to the gate. They told me "Tell it to Customer Service in the airport." Still stunned I argued and questioned "You aren't going to do anything?" They said "Get on the bus." At the terminal, I went to the customer Service and once they found someone who spoke even high school English I was told - no kidding - to call Customer Service. I could not believe this. Again, I said “I have spoken to the flight crew, security, ground crew, customer service but you are telling me I need to call customer service. I'm talking to you now!" They said No. I said "OK, can I use your phone?" They laughed (so much laughing in this experience) and said "We don't have a phone." At no point did a Turkish Airlines employee say to me - "Are you OK? " Not once. I then stood to the side and called Customer Service thinking Someone at this company has to care about passenger safety. Wrong. When I called - I am not kidding - they told me to go online and submit a Feedback form!! Which I did. Getting no response in the 1st 24 hours I called after no response after 48 hours. Again TA was rude and just told me to wait. I said "So you are telling me that after being physically accosted on your flight, after having spoken to the flight crew, security, ground crew, customer service at the airport and customer service on the phone - all of whom did nothing - that now I should wait 2-7 days for an email?” I finally got an answer from Turkish Airlines today which read "In our investigation we corresponded with related department. We could not detect any inconviences (sic) regarding your feedback." I have written again & again & each time they tell me that no one corroborates my story. They never asked if I was OK, apologized for the inconvenience, spoke to the woman who forcefully pushed me, asked me my name, wrote anything down – nothing. They simply don't care about passenger safety or customer service.
 Abu Dhabi to Barcelona via Istanbul. Wow, what a terrible experience we had flying Turkish. Out of AD we never got offered a drink after taking off, we were asked what we wanted for breakfast thinking it would be served before landing as take off was at 1.45am. Then an emergency medical issue on board meant we diverted and landed. Offloaded the pax which took a total of 90 minutes to do so. The cabin "chief" never informed us as to what was happening or anything. They were the most unprofessional crew I have seen in an emergency and on the PA system couldn't understand a word of what they were saying. Everyone missed connections and we sat around 8 hours in Istanbul. Then onto Barcelona, we asked for cabin socks only to be told that they were not issuing them on that flight so slept for the entire 3.30 mins. Again couldn't understand a word of what the "chief" was saying. Overall, a really bad experience, not business class in any way shape or form. Turkish Airlines really needs to work on this because service was terrible, food was not good and drinks were not offered at all. Give them a big miss to save yourself grief. Never again
  Accra to New York via Istanbul. I missed my connecting flight to New York at Istanbul airport because Turkish Airlines delayed by an hour or more. I was scheduled for the 1pm flight. At 1pm they make us go through security checks and without announcing or informing us, they pack their equipments and leave. We had to go to the counter before we were I formed that our flight has again been changed to 5:30pm. No one, i mean no one saw it fit to announce the change to us. I then requested to speak to their manager or supervisor and was directed to another Turkish airline desk. staff here state they have no manager, i even exclaimed ‘how can you work here and not know your manager or supervisor’. I eventually met a gentleman who said he is the supervisor but has closed for the day, when i asked who he handed over to, he replied that i wait 10mins after he is gone then proceed to the counter to ask who the new supervisor is. I just lost it at this point. Poor service from staff, it’s as though they attend a class on how to be rude to customers. Flights delayed without the courtesy to inform us. No wifi service after an hour, hence our families were in the dark as to the status of our flight. In conclusion, i will rather walk than board another Turkish airline flight. Management and staff should be ashamed of the service they provide.
  New York to Doha via Istanbul. The flight was comfortable and good value. The food was very simple and not plenty, but good quality. In-flight services were ok. But my suitcase was damaged and I did not get a refund. The problem is not the value of the suitcase in itself but the level of blatant deception I've been exposed to, something I had never seen before in 20 years of flying. If you fly Turkish Airlines and everything goes fine, all is good. But if your luggage gets damaged during the trip, be prepared to be treated as if it's none of their business, as with a low-cost airline. I feel lucky that the luggage was not lost at least. Here is what happened. First, the company claimed that the suitcase was already damaged when I had checked it in. In fact, I packed my coat into the suitcase in front of the check in desk right before dropping it, so I am absolutely sure that the suitcase was not damaged then. Someone replaced the label on the suitcase after the check it to mark it as already damaged at check in. The airline actually has a record of this in their system so the customer service staff could verify that this happened and issue a refund, but they never bothered. Upon my arrival in Doha, I have not had a chance to talk to the airline staff directly, so I was told by the airport staff to open a complaint by sending an email to the address of the airline's local office. That email was never replied. I talked to the airline staff when I flew back and contacted the customer service, which just resulted in a long series of interactions in which staff will tell you to just wait and file complaints after complaints until you give up.
  Istanbul to Birmingham. Very happy with my flight. It was on time, seats were comfortable, plenty of choice on the IFE and the food was excellent. Cabin crew were very friendly and helpful. Would definitely use Turkish again
  Istanbul to Paris. Spotless experience and better than expected. Web-site was easy to book and check in. Airport check in took 1 min. Boarding organized by zones and fast. Cabin was spotless and seat comfortable. Entertainment system worked fine on the first flight, but was oldish on the second. When I tried to charge my phone on the second leg, the USB and power port were out of order. The purse took my phone and charged it at other outlet. Food was great, bar service generous. Toilets were spotless and amenities included toilet water. Crew attentive. Legroom fine. My second flight was around 30 min late due to storm over Istanbul. Bag on the belt in 20 min. 5 days after flight I received an email from customer relations with apologies for malfunctioning power port (crew reported it!) and 2500 miles to my account. I recommend TK and remain their loyal customer. Bad thing: Internet connection was out of order on the both flights. Not a big deal though.
  Kiev to Male via Istanbul. Two days lost and headaches all the way to our wedding. Horrible experience from start to finish with Turkish Airlines on our wedding/honeymoon trip from Kiev to Maldives. Sorry for the lengthy post. I will try to make it as concise as possible. Website and Mobile App issues: After creating my online profile, I needed to update my name to include my middle name, as it shows on my passport. Once my tickets were issued from Expedia, Turkish Airlines website and App couldn’t link the ticket to my Miles&Smiles profile because of the name discrepancy. It took several calls and emails to support, and even now it still shows my first name and middle name combined. Couldn’t update my rewards number: I mistakenly had the wrong Miles&Smiles number on my Expedia account when I purchased the tickets (copy/pasted without the last digit). Turkish airlines couldn’t update my ticket with the correct rewards number. Sure, it was my mistake, but it seemed like a simple request to update my ticket. Flight schedule change: Our flight times from IST to MLE on April 30th change from arriving at 11:50am to arriving 12:15pm, which was not a big deal, but logging into their website and App the system asked me to confirm the change, cancel the flight, or change the flight. There was no option to confirm the change. I couldn’t change my flight (which was free of charge). Every time I’d select the new flight arriving in MLE at 12:15, the system would say it couldn’t find a flight with that time. I made several calls to Turkish Airlines support, and they never helped me clarify if I was confirmed on the changed flight. The best they could do was tell me to contact Expedia and have them re-issue tickets. Between Turkish Airlines and Expedia support, I must have made a half dozen calls regarding this. By the end, Turkish airlines best response was that “everything should be fine”. All I wanted to know is that everything IS fine”. Cancelled flight from KBP to IST: As we were about to board our flight from KBP to IST on April 29th at 9:30pm, we were told at the gate that our flight was cancelled. • It took 6 hours to stand in line for new tickets. Calling customer support, the guy was rude and told me to just wait in line. When calling Expedia’s Gold customer support to get me a new flight, they were unable to assist because the Turkish Airlines flight was not showing an updated status, and that the flight was still on-time. Expedia could have helped me get new tickets, but they just needed to confirm the flight was cancelled. Expedia even called Turkish Airlines to get updates, and Turkish Airlines was unable to give them the cancelled status. So, after several calls to Turkish airlines and Expedia, we just continued to wait in line. We eventually got new tickets to IST, which left Kiev at 10am the next day (April 30th) and arrived in IST at 12pm. However, our connection from IST to MLE was at 1:00am that morning on April 30th, arriving in MLE at 12:15pm. The next flight from IST to MLE was at 4:15am on May 1st arriving in MLE at 2:20pm. • Turkish Airlines did put us up in a hotel for a few hours, since our new departure wasn’t unto 4:15am the next day. But, the customer service representatives in IST airport were all rude and lacked any empathy. The hotel (Ibis Hotel) was a 1-hour drive from the airport The room was dirty. Sheets stained. Hair and bead trimmings in bathroom I had to pay for a visa ($30, not a big deal)
  I booked flights on Turkish Airlines for my wife and myself. Without reason, they debited the double the amount. During one month, it was impossible to contact them and to have a clear answer by email, by phone or even on Facebook. They always repeated the same sh*t and nothing change. Finally, I directly called the customer service from Geneva airport and they gave to me an email where to explain my situation. After 10 emails with them, they finally refund my ticket, but not the one of my wife. They ask her to sign documents that she agree that the amount will be refund on my account, which makes no sense as I paid both tickets with my credit card. Anyway, its been 2 months now and the issue is still not resolved. I honestly never had an experience like that without any other company.
  The flight was delayed due to technical issue and caused our subsequent flight to delay. We had 15 minutes to dash to our next connecting flight. There were no ground staffs to help neither were there at buggy system around to sweep us through the big empty airport in Istanbul. Worst, the Turkish airline air transfer desk agents weren’t helpful at all. Although we explained we book our tickets with their partner flight in one same booking; they do not want to hold accountable for our lost. Worst, the manager or we think who pretends to be the manager will not offer us help or give us a clear explanation as to why; when we were already checked in all the way to Melbourne from Tel Aviv (even with the lugage proof). His arrogant and ignorant behavior were not professional. Very poor customer service.
  Kathmandu to Bordeaux via Istanbul. Several problems: baggage with 3 days delay when returning from Nepal. No compensation. I had to pick up my luggage myself at the airport on a Sunday in the late afternoon. Flight from Kathmandu with more than 8 hours late (already 2 hours one way). The flight duration displayed on the outward and return journey is not the right one. It takes 2 hours more. I did not find the staff pleasant considering the late conditions. by buying the ticket, the return flight was to last 17h. In the end, it lasted 36 hours. The price of the ticket being more expensive than another company, the total duration and the rest make it better to avoid Turkish Airlines.  Plusieurs problèmes : bagages avec 3 jours de retard au retour du Népal. Pas de dédommagements. J'ai du aller chercher mes bagages moi même à l'aéroport un dimanche en fin d'après midi. Vol au départ de Kathmandou avec plus de 8 h de retard (déjà 2 h à l'aller). La durée de vol affichée à l'aller et au retour n'est pas la bonne. Il faut compter 2 heures de plus. Je n'ai pas trouvé que le personnel était agréable compte tenu des conditions de retard. en achetant le billet, le vol retour devait durer 17h. Au final, il a duré 36 h. Le prix du billet étant plus cher qu'une autre compagnie, la durée totale et le reste font qu'il vaut mieux éviter turkish Airlines
  Moscow to Hurghada via Istanbul. The poorest ever customer service, 23rd Feb. 2019, I flew with my son from Moscow to Hurghada Egypt via Istanbul, the flights were delayed, which was not their fault due to snow, we arrived to hurghada 3 hours late, and our luggage were left behind in Istanbul. we stayed just under 24 hours in Hurghada then my son went back to Moscow without his luggage and I travelled to Cairo. Communications with Turkish Airline customer service worse than poor, the luggage. arrived three and half days later with one luggage was damaged. From March the time I reported it, the case still going, they refused to compensate me for the damaged luggage because I reported it after eight days, no compensation for what I needed for necessary need for three and half days of the 6 days the length of my trip because I didn't obtain receipts for what I purchased, I had to carry my son's case back to London where he visited me the following week and took it back. I will never ever fly Turkish Airlines again if they pay me. I spent the most 3.5 miserable days of my life worrying as I had medications in the lost cases, by the way I am 70 years old, and they had no sympathy whatsoever. I challenge them to respond to this review.  On my son's return to Moscow he also had another nightmare experience and had to pay for another airline to get back to Moscow and there was no compensation whatsoever (found out later they responded to him to visit their office in Moscow to get some kind of voucher to be offset against his next flight with their airline, why will he be forced to use their airline again?)) This review is mainly about how the customer service handled my issue,
  On May 14 I traveled from Addis Ababa to London via Istanbul. When I landed in Gatwick I was told that my luggage I checked in at Addis did not make my flight connection in Istanbul and was subsequently not in London. I had a wilderness medical training course that day, and all of my gear was in my luggage. Because I had to travel from London to Wales that day, the desk agent at Gatwick told me that the earliest day my luggage could be delivered to my location would be 2 days. I strongly expressed that it was urgent I need my gear for my course, and finally after much convincing, the desk manager made a phone call to have my luggage delivered to my location the next day. He told me that I could go online to file a claim to receive compensation for the delay. Afterwards, when I did submit the claim, I was told that because I didn't have the original receipt documenting my "urgent need" my claim could not be processed. I was never given such a receipt, nor told that I needed to ask for or keep any particular paperwork in order to apply for the claim. Furthermore, the claim evaluation insisted that my baggage was delivered to me the same day, which it was not. I did not receive my luggage until 26 hours later, on the second day. The service has been deplorable. I do not recommend this airline if you value your luggage or your time.
  Istanbul to Singapore. Perhaps one of the worst airline amongst the Middle East airlines. Despite being flown in and out of the brand new Istanbul Airport, both flights were delayed and made worst when there was no announcement by the airline nor by the airport. Service was really bad, with air crew shouting across aisle and at passengers. Unpleasant experience. Poor attempt at food. Best thing served was the still water. nly good thing of the airline is that it didn't bring me to destination. And this will be my last flight with them. Period.
  Kigali to Gatwick via Istanbul. Friendly and efficient crew on board. Took great care to ensure comfort and satisfaction on board. Excellent food and drink service. On time and simple transfer via the fab new IST airport and new TK biz lounge is really great.
  Singapore to Catania via Istanbul. Because of my Turkish Airlines, TK55, scheduled to leave Singapore on May 5th 2019 right after midnight, was late, I could not take my connecting flight in Istanbul and I could only fly 11 hours later than scheduled to Catania, my final destination. In order to be reprotected on this other flight, I had to go through hell at the "Care Centre" service assistant. He repeatedly misunderstood my requests (Poor English? Poor attitude?). His supervisor couldn't care less and, for a couple of hours, all his colleagues refused to assist me. Also, throughout the new Istanbul airport, I could not find a single customer service assistant (youngsters who wear the "ask me" t-shirt around the airport) who could speak decent English. Horrible experience with Turkish Airlines and with the new Istanbul airport. Never again.
  Miami to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. Do not use Turkish Airlines if you can avoid them! The seats are extremely uncomfortable for the flight lengths they entail. The pilot never communicated or was reassuring with passengers on terrible turbulence. Flight attendants were unfriendly. They literally slammed the food on our trays and tossed rolls on them. Seats felt like hardwood. Terrible on backs. It was a nightmare for all 40 passengers on our group. No one slept on our 12-hour flight.
  Doha to Milan via Istanbul. Flight TK781 delayed in Doha, lost connection. The connection flight was actually delayed, too, but did not wait for me (only 3 minutes late on the already delayed connection flight) although checked in. Arrived 4+ hours late in Milan with another flight, lost car reservation money, too. Avoid at all costs.
  I wish I can give them minus stars, They don't deserve even 1 Star. One of the worst airlines to fly with. Zero customer Service, No Courtesy, No support when flight cancels, No Wheel Chair Support, Baggage was Damaged. I can't even count problems with this Airline, I really don't know how they are flying at international level.  It's my mistake I chose this airline to fly. Worst experience of my 20 years of flying history. I won't recommend anyone to fly with this airlines as I will never ever fly with them.
  Chisinau to New York via Istanbul. In one word, awful! Nobody speaks proper English in Istanbul airport, I bought some goods from Moldovian duty free and when I got to Istanbul they say I’m not allowed to fly further with them since they were not purchased from Istanbul duty free. Who does that? All the stuff was not trashed but put safely on the corner so they can use it probably. In the plane I bought the 24 h internet which was not working at all, when asked why they just said the satellite is not working like thats not a big deal. This is definitely my last time I fly with this airline.
 Delhi to London via Istanbul. Travel a lot and in 25 years was probably the worst experience. Planes late and missing connections meaning I am now being rerouted to UK airport where I don’t want to go. Understand things go wrong but Turkish Airways are massively unhelpful and are like ghosts hiding in a brand new giant shopping centre pretending to be an airport - maybe teething problems but spent over an hour on a overcrowded bus to plane on the way out. Never again for me.
  Dhaka to Dublin via Istanbul. For my flight from Dhaka to Istanbul the flight was delayed due to late arrival of aircraft in Dhaka, and was approx 2 hours late in arriving at Istanbul. When I asked a crew member about the delay and what I can do upon arrival in Istanbul as I would not make my connecting flight he became extremely aggressive, he displayed the same attitude to other concerned customers on the flight. In Istanbul they arranged a hotel, but I found both the customer service service staff and the hotel booking staff to be extremely rude and unwilling to answer questions. I was approx 24hrs late in arriving at my final destination. They informed us that our pick up from the hotel for the rearranged flight was to be at 03:00am but the bus did not arrive until 03:30am. No apology was ever offered for any of the delays. I tried writing to Turkish Airlines but no joy, they are not in the least helpful or apologetic and their complaints procedure must be deliberately designed to frustrate aggrieved passengers. Last time I shall fly Turkish as I am concerned with the attitude of their staff and their aggressive behaviour.
  Miami to Hong Kong via Istanbul. If you are a Vegetarian, do not fly with Turkish Airlines. I order vegetarian special meal VOML for my mother when flying with me in advance. When we flight with Turkish Airlines, they will serve her some food she can't touch from time to time such like eggs, cheese, cake with egg/ice cream. However the worse experience happened at the business class from IST to HKG TK070 flight. They served her a meatball as a starter? So I told this FA "We have a special meal but this apparently is a meatball that she cannot touch". This FA then replied me "I know you have a special meal,but this is just a starter, we always serve meals one by one". I asked him a question "If you are a Muslim and order a Muslim mean, how will you feel if you are served a pork as a starter?" I can't believe what he said the next moment. "I am OK with that" After hearing this answers, I was so furious and done talking with him then asked him to remove this meatball from my mother's table. This is the first time I was so angry at a cabin crew. After this terrible experience, I left a feedback at TK website. Their reply "special meal requests can be added for the main course only. Since we cannot provide this service for starters, they may include some milk products or meat" So they really don't care if their guests will get sick but still serving these bad foods for them. This is definitely the worse and most ridiculous airline I have even seen.
  After having booked months time before we were informed shortly before our trip that Turkish Airlines  had changed their timetable so that we could not fly from Mombasa to Oslo on a direct route, but had to stop overnight in Istanbul. Decided to make the best out of it and planned for it, including buying football tickets. When arriving Istanbul and consulting the Turkish Airlines desk we were advised to take a seat and wait for a shuttle bus. No one could tell us hos long we had to wait, the name of the hotel or were it was located. After one and a half hours we gave up, booked our one hotel and took a taxi. This to not lose our appointments in Istanbul, meeting up with others and reach the football game. You cannot expect customers who has paid for their tickets to accept to be brought to a place to stay for a night in Istanbul, waiting for hours, without learning the destination. No more Turkish Airlines.
  London to Izmir via Istanbul. First time I’d flown TK. I found them very good in the air, cabin crew, planes, food, all very nice. Not so great on the ground, ground staff, call centre, computer systems. My flight from LHR was delayed so I missed the connection in Istanbul. Most ground staff don’t speak English, and I was given contradictory instructions from those that could speak a little English. I eventually got on a flight to Izmir three hours later, but it wasn’t an easy process, made worse by the vast distances one has to walk between gates in the cavernous new airport. Also, I’d phoned a TK call centre (based in Ukraine) to pay an extra £40 or so each way for extra leg room seats. However, as the departure times kept changing, my seats kept changing, and for the return leg to London from Istanbul I was not given an extra leg room seat. Luckily there was a spare exit row seat and the cabin crew sorted me out. Overall, I think their cabin crew and planes are very good, ground staff and call centre staff need better training and they all need better computer systems and software to work with.
  Istanbul to Bucharest. We make our check in in the airport, they Take our luggage , we go to the gate and at the gate surprise they dont let uș board with two children, because they say the flight is overbooked.  We had to wait in the airport with two children until 5 oclock in the morning until they bring uș to a hotel 2 hours far away from the airport without luggage, without eat without nothing. Our first and last flight with this airline.
  
Rome to Prishtina via Istanbul. I flew with this company several times in the past years, and I can honestly say that it is getting worse and worse. I flew from Rome to Prishtina via Istanbul, all 4 flights had a delay (which apparently is pretty normal with Turkish). The ground staff is for the most part useless. In Istambul i have tried to ask a few information about a flight delay (i had just 30 minutes before the connecting flight) and the whole answer  was: "Relax Sir, No problem Sir, It's okay". The new airport is a gigantic mess, very big and disorganized. When you land in Istanbul it takes about 20 to 25 minutes taxiing and other 10 minutes before they actually start disembarking, it's an exhausting experience especially if you are in a hurry. Forget about asking for some indication at the new airport, they all chat between each other, some with a coffee in their hands. I flew with four different aircraft on this trip, two were fairly new, the other two were old, seats worn. Food on board was of very poor quality.., let me repeat this, very...poor quality. In general i can say that crew is decently trained and deliver a good experience or at least they try, of course it is far from the experience you get flying Qatar or Emirates but still pretty good, while ground personnel, especially in Istanbul is the personification of the word Lazy. A complete disaster. I will try and avoid Turkish Airlines in the future, it is not a cheap company and definitely not worth for the money you pay. If you are in a hurry or you know you will be avoid this company and avoid the new istanbul airport at all costs.
 Flew on Turkish Airlines IAD-IST-KHI and return KHI-IST-IAD. Turkish Airlines has consistently maintained its quality since I first flew with them in 2007. The flights leave on time, the catering is excellent, the inflight entertainment is extensive and the interface easy to use, and the cabin crew is excellent. Interesting though the A330 on the KHI-IST route and return seemed to have more leg room and was newer than the A330 on the IAD-IST route which was showing its age. The A330 on the IAD-IST route had a slow responding interface for the inflight entertainment and a broken table on the return flight. But Turkish Airlines will be replacing the A330 on its flight to IAD with the 787 sometime in the summer. Turkish food was served on the return leg which I personally like, and I saw the cabin staff helping elderly passengers walk to the lavatory which was nice. Overall another wonderful experience with Turkish Airlines.
  Mumbai to Dublin via Istanbul. Never book Turkish airlines if you are traveling to Dublin from Mumbai. If the flight gets delay from Mumbai, they don't have any other options for you. They will straight forward ask you to stay in hotel in Istanbul. They do not care for any for your time loss. No decisions has been made from airlines crew within time. They kept me waiting for more than 3 hours.
 Istanbul to Budapest via Dublin with Turkish Airlines. Delays on each flight for both legs of the journey - stuck in Istanbul for almost 20 hours with ground staff who  were rude, slow or unhelpful and took an hour to get our bags. The only only thing positive I can say is that the food on the plane is good, everything else was disastrous.
  Istanbul to Algiers, planned to take off at 9:30 pm and to arrive to Algiers at 11:20 pm same night. We got an announcement that the flight is delayed by 2:55 hours due to technical issue. Then after boarding around midnight, and after starting taxiing, the pilot announced that the issue is still there and we have to go back to the gate! Another delay announced! Furthermore, they did not allow the passengers to get off the plane! complete chaos since the passengers do not want to take this aircraft anymore (and I completely understand) and what worsen the situation is that neither the pilot nor any official came to us and explained what is going on. No explanation, no apology, nothing! they requested the police and we saw armed civilian men at the gate . We did not take off until 6:30 am (that's a total delay of more than 9 hours!) Due to this delay, I lost my full working day in Algiers on April 15 due to the resulting inconvenience and fatigue (I am a consultant and I had several meeting planned for that day). I will never take Turkish Airlines again.
  Basel to Cape Town via Istanbul. When I arrived in Istanbul at 10pm we are informed that TK44 to Cape Town (departure at 1.55am) is delayed 4,5 hours. No reason for this Delay was announced. I received a voucher for Burger King, Sbarro Pizza or Popeys. The staff at the gate were very unfriendly. 
  Abu Dhabi to Luxembourg via Istanbul. From AUH-IST, as the flight was at 1:30am, the flight was I comfortable due to the small size of the aircraft. The seats were cramped although the leg room was okay-ish. Service started mid way through and the food was okay but nothing great. Staff was mostly friendly. IST-LUX staff was friendlier, aircraft was bit better, the food was of the same standard though. I think it was a decent experience overall but I would prefer a more spacious air craft even if the flight is 4.5 hours from AUH. 
  The experience with Turkish Airlines has been devastating one. First paid $200 Euros per luggage, totaling $400 Euros for 2 luggage that end up lost between Turkish Airlines and JetBlue. My itinerary was from Venice to Istanbul to Boston and from there with Jetblue to San Juan, Puerto Rico. Once I made it to Boston I looked for my luggage and it never made it to BOS. I immediately try to make a reclamation to Turkish Airlines at BOS and was told that I had to wait until my final destination. Once I made it to my final destination  I made my claim. Turkish Airlines will not cooperate with Jetblue and even if JB was really trying to help is not much they could do because TATurkish Airlines did not care for my luggage. It never made to Boston.  Turkish Airlines have been unhelpful. In my case, even presenting evidence to both airlines, neither is able to find my lost claim luggage. It seems the claim is a form which after being submitted it get to be submitted evidence, dead word, as they do not even comply with the search of the lost not delivered luggage in hands of Turkish Airlines. 
  New York to Erbil via Istanbul. They have the worst customer service. My initial leg was delayed due to weather so I was going to miss my connection. Turkish Airlines did nothing to help - in fact finding someone with Turkish Airlines to assist is a feat in itself. TA kept passing the blame. Bottom line - if any segment of your Turkish Airlines flights causes a delay then you are SOL when it comes to TA. Plan on spending a lot more money and flying another airline because Turkish Airlines will not assist you and they will keep your money. The "customer service" is a joke - they read from scripts and keep repeating the same paragraph - almost like robots. They also tell you to send an email - it is just a stalling tactic.
  Tehran to New York via Istanbul. Terrible experience and terrible customer service! Will never fly again. I tried to change my flight date, called the airline and they made the changes. Told me I would be getting a confirmation email after I hang up (Never received it). I called back, submitted my request again and was told that someone would get back to me in at most 7 days (Never happened again). I called back (this was 3 days to the actual flight date), was told I need to go to a Airline office to make a change!. The closest office to me is 250 miles away. Also, there was a schedule change on the ticket that I did not confirm. When I called, I was told that I would not get charged the penalty, I ended up getting charged+the fare difference (almost 500$). In addition to the trip cost (200$) for a one way trip. So this has never happened before with any other airline. It would have been easier to cancel and buy a new flight which would have cost me around $800 for a two way.
  Belgrade to Athens via Istanbul. My first flight departed with delay from Belgrade due to local weather conditions in Istanbul. I requested for a connection assistance in order to catch my second flight but the airline did not provide me such assistance. I managed to arrive at the gate of departure of my second flight while boarding was not completed and while the screen mentioned 'last call' but I was denied boarding because 'the system had unchecked me from the second flight due to late arrival of my previous plane'. People were boarding in front of my eyes on the plane. The Turkish Airlines officer deceivingly told me to go to another gate (215) because another plane was waiting for me. He just got rid of me. Gate 215 was near the rebooking office of Turkish Airlines for the issuance of new tickets. Although I was condemned to stay overnight at the airport, I was not proposed hotel accommodation or a meal. I was put on another flight departing next morning without even offered the possibility to select my checked seat (the officer rejected my request for an aisle position despite the fact that the plane was half-empty!). I filled a complaint form for denial of boarding and they replied that they are not responsible for a flight delay due to weather conditions. Turkish Airlines maybe is a large company but it manages these type of routine problems poorly as a low budget airline.
  Dublin to Tel Aviv via İstanbul. First of all our flight was delayed for over an hour, but that’s fine we crossed that bridge, then when we arrived in İstanbul airport we were told that we missed our connection flight. Ridiculous considering the fact the tickets were bought from Turkish Airlines and not from different companies, ok, 10 minutes of talking to customer service and we got new tickets from İstanbul to Tel Aviv (not same comfortable plane as it supposed to be but still something) Arriving in Tel Aviv we found our 3 bags on the belt but so called oversized bag (which was actually a doll birthday box for my daughter) was missing almost 2 hours waiting for it to be found (no luck) then another half an hour of registering with lost&found made us exhausted (myself my husband and 2 kids aged 3 and 5 at 5am in the morning is no fun at all) We supposed to pick up our rental car in between 3-4am and when we came to get it apparently the car was gone to another customer because we were late. We had no choice but get another more expensive car that was available (I think Turkish airlines should be liable for that as well) We registered lost baggage gave the address and phone number in Petah and asked them to deliver it there as we were going to Eilat for a few days.  I was pretty much confident that should be no problem with contact details. I was 5 days later arriving back to Tel Aviv and with no contact from lost&found I rang them to see what’s the story and I was shocked when I heard that my baggage was delivered to me the following day! Where? When? To who? The answer was simple we have in our system that you baggage left to Eilat next day and was delivered to the hotel so we are really sorry but you have to get it yourself from there! How come they left my baggage in the hotel without notifying me? Answer was: Delivery company rang you but there was no answer. Left a message? I doubt it I think it’s pure lies) Anyway I said I want my baggage back please get it to me! Oh you know it might take couple of days. Fine I said just get it please! Few days later I rang again because nothing came and find out that delivery man came to the hotel in Eilat asked for me but because me and my spouse have different surnames he was told that there’s no such person registered (but then the question is how could he leave it there if he was told the person is not there) Again I was promised that few days later I will get it. As you can imagine I didn’t. Rang again today asked for the manager (was told the manager is in holiday) got to speak to supervisor and what a surprise she said that the baggage is not in the hotel in Eilat but in airport Eilat and because it’s holiday (Pesah) the airport is closed and they can’t get it. And she said you know it’s your fault that it went to Eilat. When I asked her name she refused to give and hanged up on me.
  Houston to Kiev via Istanbul. Fares seem competitive, but there is a catch in terms of layover time. Mine from Houston to Kiev Via Istanbul had a return leg layover of 14 hours and though TK website says that a layover of over a certain hours gets a complimentary hotel stay. But there is a fine print somewhere which they always get a disqualified citing some wired “rules” that I, even as a frequent traveler cannot comprehend. Another notable difference in Turkey is that there are endless and multiple security checks, and one wonders if one is going through a war zone . Lines at security checks and passport control ( yes, if you need to stay at a hotel for a long layover, one needs to get an e-VISA just to get out, check into a hotel and get back to airport to catch the connecting flight). Ended up paying way more than if I had chosen other airlines like LH or SAS, which I will keep in mind next time
  Tashkent to Istanbul. A poor experience with Turkish Airlines. The guy who seemed to be the cabin chief was acting in a very extremely rude way towards the passengers, almost yelling at them, mostly hurrying people to sit down quickly. Very unprofessional. The tightest space for seating I experienced, apart from a low cost carrier in Indonesia. A mess with luggage, clearly too many volumes allowed onboard.
  Istanbul to Prague. The crew was very polite. Wide seats, good  entertainment and I like the safety video. I had a morning flight so they served breakfast. Food was on point and delicious. The only bad remark is that they don't serve cold beverages on their second round of stroll.
  Nakhchivan to Istanbul. The flight set off a little bit late and boarding was disorderly with too many passengers carrying oversized baggage on board. The aircraft appeared to be old with drop-down screens for entertainment which were virtually useless. Cabin service was not very good and staff appeared not to care.
  London Heathrow to Istanbul. The flight from LHR took off on time. Boarding was hassle free. Seating was 3x3x3. Legroom was average but I had an emergency exit row seat. Cabin service was average with not many smiles. The flight was smooth as was the landing.
  Istanbul to Trabzon. Boarding was fast. I thought flight will be on time but no! Taxi took forever. We've waited 40 minutes to take-off. Don't remember if I've heard any explanation from cabin crew. I'd prefer 60 minutes at airport to 40 minutes at a plane seat. Cabin crew was good. Sandwich and drink giveaway was nice. Cheap price.
 Izmir to Istanbul. It was my first Boeing 777 experience. They gave a free hot sandwich with cheese and vegetables and a drink. Hot and cold options were rich. Cold ones weren't very cold but you can add some ice to them. Plane was really big and crowded yet there were no problem with fresh air and air conditioning. Well, maybe one. One of the cabins leaked some water to a passenger. They suddenly suggested he change his seat, he refused. Flight on time, good cabin crew. And this time, it was extremely cheap.
 New Delhi to Cappadocia via Istanbul. I took a flight from New Delhi 6:15pm on 16th April it got delayed by 1.5hours and flew at 7:50pm. I had a connecting flight at 12:20pm on 16th April to Cappadocia from Istanbul but as I reached late due to delay from this airline I missed my flight. They gave me a flight for 11:30 pm without providing any hotel accommodations. Later I had to force them to give me a earlier flight as I was tired so they gave me a flight for 8:35pm TK 2018 which also was delayed and the flight departed at 10:50pm. I some how was happy that at least I reached Cappadocia but my whole day and hotel booking was wasted. I went to pick my luggage but as to my surprise my luggage did not arrive and I was told it’s arriving in the next flight and they shall have it sent to my hotel. I came to my hotel and not it’s about 4pm on 17th April and my luggage has still not arrived even after making several calls. This airline has charged me a lot without giving any good service or facility. I would highly recommend not to book Turkish Airlines ever to any one unless they want to waste their time and money. Don’t know when will my luggage arrive and till when I have to sit in my hotel and waste time as I cannot freshen up unless I get my clothes and got out to see this city.
  Singapore to Zagreb via Istanbul. Customer service at Istanbul Airport is horrible. I miss my connecting flight upon arriving in Istanbul from Singapore. I have ask the flight attendants onboard regarding my connecting flight. She assure me that I have no problem doing the connection. Upon arrival, there was no staff to assist. My flight was not showing on the display. I end up going to their care point counter. The staff there is the worst. I would give the rating negative 1. They just took their time to figure out your next flight. If I have not insisted that I need to fly on the same day, they just put me on the next day flight. This is the worst terminal service I come across in my 10 years of travel.
  Baku to Amsterdam via Istanbul. They still operate like a third world airline. Check in counter staff at the new airport was ignorant (when she finished my check in, she just left the boarding pass and my passport on the counter instead of handing them to me). I changed my seat the previous night when doing the online check in. When boarding the agent said I had the wrong seat and put me back at my old seat. I asked why, and she said they changed plane. She just made that up.
  New York JFK to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. Do not fly Turkish Airlines! We had round trip scheduled March-April 2019. Just before leaving on our trip they cancelled the second leg of our return flight and placed us on another flight which involved a 14 hour layover in Istanbul airport. Then, upon arrival in Istanbul on our way out to Tel Aviv they cancelled the second leg of this part of the trip as we stood at the gate waiting for departure and put us on another flight several hours later because the later flight was not full. Imagine 300 People at an airline gate waiting as staff filled out new boarding passes for everyone by hand!. We cancelled our return arrangements (without refund) and flew another airline home at the end of our vacation. Rather lose the money then deal with this airline any further!
  Kathmandu to Berlin via Istanbul. Their service is worst because they usually overbook the flight and it was like first come first serve basis and airport staff  don’t even listen the customer request. They treat people like they are doing favor to them. Flight often delayed by 2- 4 hours and they don’t care about your connecting flight. In my return flight after issuing boarding pass, my seat plan was changed without any notice and in flight entertainment system is damaged and it was 9 hours long flight. I have requested several times but they don’t care and don’t give attention to the passengers request.
  Montreal to Bucharest via Istanbul. Delicious food, great choice of beverages. Cabin crew kind and careful. I would choose Turkish again and can recommend them.
  Guangzhou to Barcelona via Istanbul. I wonder if customer service really exists for this airline. My luggage has been gone missing already two days and there has been no update for the last 24 hours already! I called the customer service almost ten times in the last 2 days and it is never answered. In their online luggage tracing system, they don't even update what they did or how long I need to wait. I doubt that I would ever book Turkish Airline again. As a frequent flier of the long-haul flights, I have never experienced lost luggage. I know that it is not uncommon that luggage can be delayed or missing. But what is lacking is their customer service.
  Istanbul to Vienna. Another ordinary fight by Turkish Airlines. Food excellent, but as always there's a mess with a queue when boarding process. This airline really has to strict about the rules to all customer, as my experiences this is the worst airline for boarding process. 
  The experience was very nice. The accommodation ins the airplane were better than others I have got. The attendants were kind and service very good. The hotel room provided in Istambul, since I had 13h layover, was amazing. All costs covered and the hotel was one of the best. My only complain is regarding the attendance at the Desk at Istambul airport. The attendant was kind of rude and seemed in a bad mood.
  Atlanta to Amman via Istanbul. Beside being one of the filthiest airport bathrooms and cheap of course for not making it easy to use the Wi-Fi, they make us wait 5 more hours in the transit just because they can fill up the plane by merging another plane for people who are going to Amman without giving us any notice! And after waiting hours now to check-in online, now they saying check-in at the counter. Bad food on the plane, bad select of movies and entertainments and of course bad customer service in the airport.
  Manchester to Bangkok via Istanbul return in the last month. All flights were on time. Excellent food and drink service. Lovely staff and a smile on their faces. Great airline, cheap prices, excellent service.
  Lagos to Istanbul via Kathmandu. I am never flying with Turkish Airlines again and I won't recommend to anyone I know, my friends or families. I had a very long layover both the ways around (20hrs) each. I had heard from many friends that Turkish would give a hotel or other relevant services if we have to wait there above specific hours. That's why I went directly to the airport help desk/transit passenger resting place to make an inquiry about the service I would get. To my surprise, the lady on the desk took my all information from passport and ticket and said you cannot get a hotel. Then I asked why; she said you are Nepalese, you should either have resident card of America, Schengen visa  etc. 
  Mumbai to Istanbul. One of the worst experiences of our life has been this trip on Turkish Airlines. After booking a confirmed flight on 6th April we were offered one in which the connecting flight leaves 2 days earlier than we land. Thankfully we didn't select this by mistake. Then we were given a new itinerary which needed us staying overnight at Istanbul. We were then given a hotel room outside the airport which needed us to spend 220 USD on an express visa to enter Turkey plus an additional 100 USD on travel. The airline doesn't give you rooms in the airport, which turns out to be more expensive for the passenger as there is no proper public transport to our hotel room and Turkish won't pay for it. To make matters worse today the check in doesn't work and they've told us we need to reach early to the airport if we need good seats. Avoid this airline for its terrible customer service.
  Prague to Istanbul. Just ordinary fight served by Turkish Airlines. Food excellent, but as always there's a mess with a queue when boarding process. This Airline really has to strict about the rules to all customer, as my experiences this is the worst airline for boarding process.
  Amsterdam to Bangkok via Istanbul. I wont book again after the conditions I flew in. Food: tasty. Over the average for an airline. In-flight entertainment: large variety of movies. Cabin crew: negligent and sloppy, to a frustrating level. So many episodes where they disregarded very simple requests from passengers or (worse) caused problems due to their disorganization.  Gate crew: at the check-in I chose a spot that would allow me to easily access the bathroom, that I need for medical reasons. At the gate the seat got striked through and I have been re-assigned, no explanations provided. When I asked for the seat to be changed to an aisle seat, I have been told by the cabin crew to temporarily sit on the assigned seat. After take-off, my request got ignored for the whole flight, regardless many seats were empty. Seats extremely unconfortable and impossible to sleep in (very old plane for a 10h flight). Mine was even broken so I could not sleep at all. Food service: chaotic to the point that some people started to serve themselves due to the fact that their requests were disregarded or forgotten. Overall a very bad experience that leaves me confused at how this company won any awards. At first I also gave it the benefit of the doubt that's why I waited to write the review but the return flight confirmed all the negligent behaviors I saw on the departure flight. Other airlines offer very similar prices and the cons don't make up for the flight conditions you will experience.
  Venice to Ankara via Istanbul. Instead of taking off on time the fight was originally delayed (on the information table was written 10 minutes). I was satisfied with the information (it is possible to be delayed). The next information which followed invited us to go to the gate. More than 75% of passengers created the line in front of the desk and we were waiting for opening the gate. It was the first mistake, after 45 minutes the staff changed the departure time on the information desk for 10.50 a.m. Nobody knew that the game was started. The plane was delayed by more than 60 minutes. It is usually that the staff will give you any additional information about the connection flights. Unfortunately, it is not the case of Turkish Airlines . After the arrival, I run from the plane through the tunnel in the terminal and hoped to catch the flight to Ankara. The guy who was wearing the TA uniform and who was waiting at the end of the tunnel showed me the direction where I should have found the gate of for my flight. Of course, it was the wrong direction and I had to run back. After that, I had to go through the x-ray frame and I have lost another 10 minutes although I didn't leave the secured area. When I came into the main hall I sew that the gate is closed. Until this moment nobody has apologized for the inconvenience and to this day too. This horror trip was still not at the end. I tried to find the TA office and I found only the TA desk where was it possible to buy new tickets. When I started to explain my situation and the guy behind the desk recognised that I am not a new potential customer his face expression changed rapidly and his bored voice said to me that he is not responsible for information. The problem was closed for him. After a few minutes, I found the desk with the logo TA in the check-in sections. I run there to solve the problem and I tried to inform the first staff about my situation. His answer was: "Wait a minute".. I didn't want to wait and I said to him, that his company is responsible for the situation and I expect more empathy and full service for customers. No answer, only disgusted reaction visible in his mimic and he showed me with the finger another TA worker sitting next to him. This person let explain to him my situation again and he printed a new boarding pass for the flight at 6.00 p.m. I checked the departure on the screen and by my next flight was additional information that it is delayed 40 minutes before the departure. I asked the guy again whether it is mean serious and my second question was why it is not possible to get the ticket for the flight at 5.00 p.m.? The answer was given with the highest arrogance in his voice."The flight is full!". And it is still not the end of the troubles, instead of being delayed 40 minutes the "great" TA let me wait one hour longer in comparison with original departure schedule. The service was the mess and the behaviour of the employees was everything but not professional.
  Currently on flight Singapore to İstanbul, sadly been trying to get a drink and was told later, trolley came by serving coffee. FA told me that now coffee service, they have drinks round, first was drinks, food, coffee and drinks later. I had observed others got their drinks when they ordered randomly. I seem to get the response what their process of service is, and I have to adhere to that, even if I was asleep. The drinks trolley service came by and the same FA who told me ‘off’ remembered what drinks I had asked and served me. Such a hassle to get a drink because I asked for it out of their sequence. With only twelve hours I guess they are too busy to give much care to passengers.. Sad.
 Helsinki to Kiev via Istanbul. Flying Turkish Airlines for the very first time. I was simply shocked, in a good way. I have never seen a more spacious plane with such leg room in economy class. The served meal was just lovely, cabin crew as well. 10/10.
 Flew TK 5 / 22 MAR, Istanbul - Chicago in business class. Had requested AVML (Asian vegetarian Meal). TK had forgotten my special AVML meal. On board they served boiled eggplant, tomato sauce and disgusting rice as THE main course. I refused to eat and returned my plate. No alternative food offered. I spoke to the cabin chief who expressed she was sorry and agreed that the meal served was not even close to AVML. Spoke to the chef on board who had no clue what AVML looks like. Starved for 12 hour flight. Cabin chief and the chef promised they would report this incident but it seems it did not go anywhere. I am an Elite Plus member of Turkish Airlines and it seems they do not care about their premium cabin passengers. Surprisingly cabin chief is TK's employee and the chef are employed by DO & CO catering company who provided meals for TK's passengers. Complained about the incident and response I got was we regret and no compensations given. It will be hard to choose TK for future travel.
  I bought and paid tickets 3 months before departure. I had pre-selected certain seats convenient to us. I am a self-moving disabled person. I have no leg, I move on a prosthesis. The choice of a comfortable place is important for my sick leg. When I flying from Hurghada – at the reception manager not given our pre-selected seats. He give to me uncomfortable seats in the tail of the aircraft, although I chose a seats for 4 months before departure. Turkish Airlines does not have Internet check-in when passengers departing from Hurghada. At the check-in Desk, the Manager issues boarding passes at random, not paying attention to the pre-selected seats in our tickets. 2. Indifference flight attendants In the plane, I ask for 2 flight attendants and explained the essence of the problem, said about my disability, showed my ticket. The flight attendants answered me: “The plane is full. I can't help you, sorry” The flight attendants were absolutely indifferent to my problems, they did not want to help me. 3. Stuff indifference at Ataturk Airport. Upon arrival in Istanbul, I had a connection time at the airport: 3: 20 - with our next flight to Vnukovo, Moscow. I was very tired, I had a pain in my leg, and I turned to the Info desk to ask the managers to let me rest for a short time in the lounges of Turkish Airlines. I said that I was disabled, I asked for help. In response, I received complete indifference, unwillingness to help me. The manager refused me any help, despite my repeated requests for help. I have not seen anywhere such a bad attitude, indifference to the disabled person in my air travels! 3. Problem with pre-ordered special meals When I buying tickets, my wife and I ordered Bland meal (BLML) and Diabetic meal (DBML) We always order in flights these types of food for our medical reasons. In all the airlines that we flew this food is much better than the standard meal. But in the case of Turkish Airlines, our special meal was simply inedible. This special meal given to us looked much worse than the standard nutrition. We just could not eat anything and flew hungry all our flights – in two ways! I remember that in my meal there was a lot of fiber, which I cannot eat. This is incompatible with the concept of the Bland meal (BLML) diet.
  Amsterdam to Bangkok via Istanbul. Flight boarded four hours late with no communication during this delay. Boarding was a complete shambles with everybody scrambling to get on. Once boarded the business class crew looked completely uninterested which continued throughout the flight. The level of communication skills in English from the cabin crew and cockpit falls well below standard. The crew came across as though they were doing you a favour when I asked for a drink. A very poor overall experience.
  New York to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. Never again. While staff was excellent, plane was hot and extremely uncomfortable. Painfully uncomfortable. Several passengers requested for cabin air to be cooled. No avail. Plane was dirty. Get ready for your back and knees to hurt.
  Manila to Istanbul. If you ever flew with Emirates or Qatar Airways, you will miss their service if you fly Turkish Airlines. I only saw the crew, when they served meal after departure, before Arrival and running around from the front to the back and vice versa. Never offered Drinks or Snacks. Water for an almost 13 hour flight is essential, but was never offered. 
  Dhaka to Copenhagen via Istanbul. This trip was full of disappointments. Already the airport lounge, Dhaka, demanded money for a glass of wine, unheard. I am a frequent flyer, I have never experienced business class lounge charging a business class passenger, for a glass of wine. Next, on board, no welcome drinks. I asked for a newspaper and a drink, the choice was a glass of water or a lemonade. After take-off, no beverage and snacks, just the meal, which was disgusting. My choice was beef, which was cold, dry, served with some bean and carrots, also cold. I asked for a glass of red wine, but waiting and waiting, I tried to draw the attention of a crew, who was talking with another passenger in the front row. Then I had to get up went where he was enjoying a conversation with the passenger. I made my request- I got served a glass of wine-. I expressed my gratitude- and the crew explained the delay- he had to take care of a CIP. The meal was eatabel, so asked for a cup of coffee and a glass of cognac. Surprise- the crew said there was no cognac. I showed the menu, which showed cognac was available. Well, had almost 6hours layover at Istanbul airport lounge, which was OK. About 90 minutes prior to board, we were asked to go the the gate. After completion of checking tickets and passports, we were waiting to board- almost 45 minutes had to wait and then bus to the plain. The flight was on way to Copenhagen. There were a grpoup of Danish passengers,. A elderly gentleman asked for lass of cognac, the crew was about to serve a generous glass of cognac. Another female crew rushed and snatched the glass, poured half of the content to another glass and then served the guest. We had a laugh- that was entertaining.- but not convincing for making Turkish Airline the choice any more.
  Hanoi to Milano via Istanbul. As we 4 arrived this morning from Hanoi at 6 am (TK168) we learned that our connecting flight to Milan TK1873 had been cancelled. No assistance was given to passengers, everybody had to wander around the immense airport, address the numerous TK people behind desks each of whom seemed to take care of anything but customer service and only care to dispatch people somewhere else. Finally we got to the right desk and were given the TK flight leaving at 16.15, 10 hours waiting time. We were assured this was the first possibility open. To our surprise we discovered that there is a previous flight leaving at 12.45 with seats available. Hundreds of people crowded at the desk with only 2 employees working so we gave up trying to anticipate our flight, and no contact was possible on the phone. 
  Manila to Vienna via Istanbul. Seats are comfortable. In-flight media selection is great and updated. Food is good. Paid in-flight Wifi (MNL-IST) is excellent for long-haul flights. No Wifi for IST-VIE. Cabin crew not friendly but not bad either. Boarding can be quite delayed. Gate announcements are delayed (sometimes changed at the last minute) - be careful! You might miss your flight especially if you have a hard time finding gates.
  Boarding totally chaotic and far too long. Nice meal, creepy safety video which distracted the people more than giving them advice. Crew notifications (strong turkish accent, sound quality) hardly understandable, even for native speakers. Economy legroom and seat width did not at all suit the flight duration on the first flight from Phuket to Istanbul (11 hours), more equal to short-distance low costers. (disclaimer: I had a seat at an emergency exit, luckily). WiFi did not work for me and others at all, for some more expensive devices it did, but very slowly (asked my neighbours and staff for help, but no way to get it working). Very expensive seat pre-selection (160+30€ for a 400€ flight), so I did not take it and was lucky at the airport check-in.
  Istanbul to Amsterdam. Although a bit worn and older than A330-300, the economy cabin of A330-200 is more comfortable than 333's. This flight had a good seat pitch for a short haul flight. Ground service was smooth and cabin crew was one of the best I have seen at Turkish. Since the second choice of meal was out, we were offered more complimentary drinks.  The only setback in this flight was the old, an outdated-interfaced IFE with a limited selection.  After a few years of slight disappointments, I am happy to include Turkish Airlines into my highly preferred airlines once again.
  Ankara to Istanbul. Although there was no IFE in this version of 737-800, it is a flight that takes less than an hour. Seat pitch and comfort was probably best I have seen in a 737-800. A delicious short-haul panini and drinks deserve the points.
 If you fly economy with an A330-300 of Turkish Airlines, be prepared for a problematic seat pitch. I just could not became friends with the seatings of the majority of wide-body planes of Turkish. Other than that, this was a pleasant flight. Ground service was smooth and friendly - this was a good surprise. Cabin crew may use a little more smiles on their faces but did not experience any major problem on that side. IFE selection and quality is vigorous, one of the best you can encounter anywhere. Meal and drinks are good as always - an above average Chardonnay was a joyful accompany. Thumbs up.
  Istanbul to Ankara. Great short-haul flight. A warm delicious panini was accompanied by a selection of drinks. Turkish's IFE selection was ready in full. Overall a very pleasant flight.
 This was my first time using Turkish Airlines and I was satisfied. Check in at Lyon airport was fine. The flight was full but I managed to find space for my carry on bags. The flight left a bit late. The cabin on board was in good condition and seem to be new. The crew and the service was good. The inflight entertaiment is excellent with a big screen for each sea and a great selection of different type of movies. The meal was tasty and there was a good selection of any type of drinks. The flight went fine but it took more time to land in Ataturk airport because of weather in Istanbul. Turkish airlines is an excellent airline and operates probably to the most countries in the world. I would defently fly again with them if I have a chance
  Dublin to Manila via Istanbul. This flight was both a disaster and a nightmare. This incident happened during Istanbul-Manila leg of my flight. Im not sure what happened, but I your ground crew was disorderly and very unwelcoming.  The boarding was horrible, flying business is not worth it especially I am queueing with the rest of the passengers. The on board experience was the tipping point. Since last year, I never had problem with my Vegan meal onboard as I make sure to preselect them online. But this flight was a disaster. Not only I made only preselection, I wrote to the menu that I am vegan, and the chef was aware i dont eat cheese as he asked me before flight. When I was served with appetizers, I was curious as they gave me a butter on a small dish. At first, I though it could be vegan as I was given butter previously, but that was on a pack, not this time.  I called the head steward and explain my conundrum. The chef came and explained and apologized. They insisted i ordered vegetarian as shown on their records, but I showed my confirmation email that I did preselect Vegan meal. Somewhere something went wrong.  I settled for orange juice, and went to sleep. Before landing, the chef gave me a minimal but unbusiness like food. I still appreciate his effort to come up with vegan food.
  Nairobi to Amsterdam via Istanbul. Terrible service and bad customer care. I went through hell in a recent trip with Turkish. I was traveling for a conference and unfortunately missed a connection flight after last minute gate change. I was sent around their customer desks without any help. I was finally told I needed to pay extra to change my ticket, an amount that was far more than the original cost of the return ticket. They said the best they could do was to help me call my family. I was left stranded at Istanbul Airport. I had to request a friend to pay for a ticket from a different airline to get to my conference destination. After the conference I went back to the airport hoping to utilize my return ticket with Turkish Airlines, only to be told that it is no invalid and I have to book a flight afresh. I struggled to raise money and finally was able to buy a ticket with different flight and go home.
  I along with my 6.5-month-old son were traveling from London to Kabul via Istanbul. The flight from London got delayed. When I arrived at Istanbul I couldn't find my son's pushchair which was supposed to be next to the aircraft. I had to jump on the bus to get to the next flight but when I arrived that was gone. I was only booked on the next flight leaving 24 hours later. I was not offered any accommodation or any facilities to help me care for my baby. Even the pushchair was not brought to me so at least the little one could sleep. In the past when I had traveled with them with my husband for much shorter stays we would be offered free food and drinks but didn't receive that as well. Because I was a woman with a small child and couldn't argue with them because my son was crying all the time, they just made sure I don't get any help, while I should have been offered more given the circumstances. In light of all this, my son and I suffered very much and it wasn't even our fault. Please avoid this airline they are the worst people to fly with. They pick on people who are more vulnerable and in need. I will never ever fly with this airline again. My problem is not with the delays, delays are part of traveling but when the airline gets it wrong they should have the moral standards to look after their customers especially when its a mother and a child. They should have the mindset as to how to do more, but as I explained above their attitude was how to give less and cheat a mother and a little child.
  Khartoum to Rome via Istanbul. The flights were actually pleasant but both return flights were late and no explanation was provided. Ground staff at Ataturk airport rather rude and not able and/or not willing to speak english. Ataturk airport crowded and dirty, hopefully things will change with the opening of the new airport.
  Do not trust anything with this airline! We were at Istanbul Atatürk Airport 4 hour before the departure. It was supposed to depart 2.20 but THE flight from Istanbul to Cape Town was delayed to 3.25., so some of us slept of in til 2. At 2.30 when we were going to the gates our flight was not in the board anymore. We passed an information desk and she said, gate is closing, you run. We Ran to gate only to See that the gate has closed! THE flight to Cape Town left 2.40, 45 min earlier. And nobody wanted to help only go to desk 214, go to desk 230, go back to 214,  go to Information desk etc etc. We were directed to 9 different desks! Then they Said go out to ticket desk and we Will tell them to help you to book for a flight tomorrow. We had to pay for new tickets THE next Day. They didn't help us with a hotel. The next Night when we were at THE Airport again THE same time changes happens and THE flight left again 45 min earlier. They overbook and make time changes but fly earlier so people miss flights.
  Helsinki to Beirut via Istanbul. Never again will I travel by Turkish Airlines! I had a flight connection from Helsinki to Beirut, and both trips were late by 1 hour. I don't understand the delay! Also when on board the stewardess were very slow in serving the food and the drinks.
  Dalaman to Brussels. Turkish Airlines customer service is outrageous, they do not care about their customers. They called me in the evening to tell me that my morning flight was cancelled and to call a number and rearrange a flight. When I called them 2 different employees ensured me the flight was planned. After arguing for an hour, I gave up. An hour later I received a message saying my flight was cancelled. Spend a total of 3 hours on the phone as they could not get me to my meeting in time. I had to recall them at night to confirm my flight. Had no sleep whatsoever! As I had no guarantee my flight was confirmed. Had to travel 400 km to a different airport. And now I’m told that it’s not their staff's fault. Well it is Turkish Airlines fault. You Cancel a flight and do not inform your own staff. Instead of an apology I receive a ‘standard’ mail saying they are not to blame. Shame on you!
  I was supposed to fly from Dubai to Atltanta via Istanbul - all on Turkish airlines. The flight from Dubai was delayed by an hour before it even took off. I asked the gentleman at the counter whether this will affect the transit and he said i have got enough time. I landed in Istanbul at 1:50 PM and my next flight was supposed to be at 2:50 PM and had 1 hour to board. Despite getting off the plane and rushing through the security gate, i reached 10 minutes before the boarding and the staff were so rude to say that you have missed your flight - not even a slightest of empathy in any ones behaviour. I was offered another flight via Toronto after 26 hours. They were not ready to issue any visa to enter the country. Also they told that i need to collect my baggage from lost and found and made me wait there for hours before they could track my luggage. One of the worst crew i have come across across. I will never recommend Turkish Airlines to anyone primarily because of the rude behaviour of staff - no exception at all.
  Never again will I use Turkish Airlines. We booked the ticket to Cape Town from Malaga (via Istanbul) 6 months in advance and chose Turkish due to the more direct route than having to travel to UK/Northern Europe or Middle East. We paid for extra legroom seats on all flights. One hour before leaving for the airport on our outbound date I received a phone call from the Turkish Airlines ticket desk at Malaga Airport to advise that the Istanbul-Malaga (second leg) of our return journey flight had been cancelled. They told us to go to the ticket desk when we arrived and before we checked in to be given options. The options were an 8 hour wait in Istanbul airport for the next flight (no thank you after an 11 hour flight) or the same flights a day later. We opted for the second option of flying on our original flight choices day later. The lady on the desk suggested that we claim afterwards for the extra hotel night and the extra day car hire. She also said that she could not book us the seats we had already paid for and that we should try to ticket desk in cape Town to do this for us. We checked in, we started to board, they got us all on to the air bridge where we stayed for about an hour before being moved back into the terminal. Then we boarded. The flight departed 90 minutes late with no explanation. The staff said that they did not know what the problem was. We arrived in Istanbul with a short connection due to the delay and after being bussed from the plane to the terminal we ran like crazy to get on the flight. We made it but our luggage remained in Istanbul. One case arrived a day later & the second case 2 days later. We collected the first case ourselves (as we thought they were both there) and went to the ticket desk to arrange the seats for the return journey. We had to leave all of our details with them as they were busy and unable to attend to it at the time. I e:mailed the ticket desk and customer services a number of times and each time the mails were returned with a message saying that the inboxes were full and could not accept any further mails. I also made a few phone calls but never managed to get an answer. After about a week I received a call from the ticket desk with an offer of slightly different but acceptable seats. When I told her about the issues I had ben having regarding contacting them she told me that the sales desk were very short staffed and that there actually isnt a customer service unit at all in Cape Town. During this time we were travelling with friends around the Cape and at times were without internet so communications were difficult. I also began the process of trying to claim for the emergency clothing items that we had to buy. I am still trying to complete the electronic form which keeps saying that I am giving wrong information (it doesnt specify what it doesnt like) and I am simply completing each box in order as it request me to do - along with the uploading of the files they request. I have tried to complete this form numerous times and in the beginning with help from the baggage handling company who confirmed that I was completing the form correctly. To this day I am still in communication with Turkish Airlines requesting them to reimburse me. They have refused to reimburse us with the cost of the hotel & car rental and are fobbing me off regarding the clothing cost. I know that I am legally entitled to this so I will continue to press.
  Dubai to Lisbon via Istanbul. In April, I booked a flight from Dubai to Lisbon for $530.90 with Turkish Airlines. When I received an email to check-in, I was unable to do so. I decided to call them to inquire why. They told me they cancelled my reservation and my credit card was flagged as fraud. I was told to provide proof that the credit card belonged to me so I did. First of all, why was I not notified that they cancelled my reservation? I even received an email notification to remind me to check-in… After a long day of correspondence, they emailed me saying I can get the flight for the same price that I originally paid. I called to book my flight and they said it wasn’t going through again so I had to use a different credit card. The Turkish Airlines representative then confirmed my payment went through and checked me in online. Great! I finally have a reservation since it was less than 7 hours till departure. When I went to drop off my bag at the Dubai airport, the Turkish Airlines representative said that there was no reservation for me. I showed him my confirmation AND showed him my online credit card statement that showed I had a charge from Turkish Airlines. He repeatedly told me I no longer have a reservation and need to buy a new ticket with a travel agency at the airport. He also told me I would be fully refunded when I submit a claim with Turkish Airlines. Again, why wasn’t I notified that they cancelled my reservation? Why did they cancel my reservation after they already charged my credit card? It was 1 hour until departure so I did exactly what the Turkish Airlines representative told me to do. I bought a ONE WAY flight for $1306.98!! Since my flight in April, I’ve had a nonstop battle trying to get my refund. On Dec 19, 2018, Turkish Airlines called me to apologize for everything that’s happened. She admitted it Turkish Airlines’ fault and that they didn’t follow their protocol which resulted in them cancelling my reservation. She asked me to send a copy of my passport and my credit card statements and that I would get my full refund in one week. Since that phone call, Turkish Airlines has completely ignored me. I’ve tried contacting them Jan 4, Jan 6, Jan 9, Jan 15, Jan 16, Jan 20, Jan 22, Jan 25, Jan 29, Feb 1, Feb 4, Feb 14, and Feb 20. Every time I’ve tried contacting them, they either do not respond to me or the call center tells me they’ll mark my case as urgent and someone will respond to me in 48 hours. I have not ONCE heard back from them ever since I was told I would get fully refunded in Dec. Why is their protocol to respond within 7 days or 48 hours, but it’s been 2 months now and I haven’t heard from them yet? Why did they not follow the proper protocol in the very beginning when I booked my flight? Why didn’t they ever notify me that they cancelled my reservation? Why did their own employee confirm my payment went through and check me in? Why did they cancel my reservation when they already charged me? Why did their own employees tell me that they’ll fully refund me, but aren’t now? Why are they completely ignoring me? I feel like everyone should be aware how horrible Turkish Airlines is. I hope no one else has to go through what I’ve been through. It’s been seriously affecting my health dealing with them. It's evident that they have horrible service and will not refund people (reading other reviews). Please- save your money, time, and health, and book a different airline.
  Montreal to Berlin via Istanbul. I was mostly disappointed with the services. I flew from Montreal to Istanbul and from the beginning I felt the experience to be flawed. There were some 28 business class seats and I had chosen a seat with direct aisle access. The seat is quite comfortable and large was what I noticed at first. The cabin crew was awful. They congregated at the forward cabin near the bar and watched us settle in. As we were in the middle of winter, passengers all had heavy winter coats. I was seated in row two and could overhear some passengers asking the crew if they could take their coats. I was a bit taken aback by the crews response: "No, later, later". Needless to say, I was not going to go out of my way to ask them to take my coat and instead opted to leave it at my seat. The crew members did not offer to take my coat nor my neighbour's at any time during this 9,30 hour flight. We sat in the cabin at our seats with no drinks offered, no water bottle for at least 15 minutes. The crew came by after 15 minutes to offer us a selection of non alcoholic beverages. I declined the drink and was asked if I wanted anything else and I ordered champagne. All drinks during our entire flight were served with no napkin and I thought this to be a bit odd since you get a napkin in Canada even on low cost carriers! Menus were handed out and we were asked for our selection later on. After take off, the service was not well planned. It took a while before any crew member came by and when they did they offered to make our beds! We had just left Montreal at 1045 pm and I suspect this is why they were asking us prior to even taking a drink order! I declined the offer for bedding and informed they that I would be ready for it after dinner. "Of Course Sir, anything you want". The response lacked being genuine and I felt the crew was somewhat irked. The service began with handling out a bottle of water, 40 minutes into the flight. We waited another 10 or so minutes and we were asked for drinks. The "Onboard Chef" came by to take our food order and this was also done in a chaotic way. He would take the order for 3-5 seats at a time and then disappear. The whole order taking for the entire business class must have taken 40 minutes. The food was served and it was beautifully plated. I can't say the food tasted better than any other overseas carrier I've flown in business class. The onboard chef seemed like it was all a show and I could not really see how he was a chef. He took our order (chefs don't usually do this) and made sure the plates looked nice. I think that is the extent of it and I don't really see any exotic or added value to this.During the whole meal, my drinks went dry for 10 or more minutes at a time. I have flown many carriers in business class and I have never had to ask or get up to ask for more wine with my meal. The crew in the business cabin were simply not friendly nor attentive. I also experienced the Turkish Airlines lounge in Istanbul during my connection. It is tired looking and circus like atmosphere. I qualified for the use of a resting suite. The attendant informed me she would come by to let me know when I could shower. I was there 3 hours, and she never came.
  New York to Dhaka via Istanbul. Services at Istanbul Airport was horrible and totally unprofessional. I had a flight from JFK to Istanbul on the way to Dhaka and had a 12-hour long stay over in Istanbul. While it was written on the Turkish website that they would give a hotel room if the stay over is 12 hours or more, there was no such opportunity. Turkish airlines staff at the airport had limited English proficiency, lack of decency (rude), and lower motivation to cooperate. However, instead of a hotel room, a lady at the counter offered me snacks. When I requested for lunch instead of snacks or breakfast, the lady just tore the check she wrote in front of me. I was devastated seeing this non-professional rudeness. Only positive things were inflight hospitality and foods.
  In 9/30/2018 my wife, our 11 months old son, and myself took Turkish Airlines to fly from San Francisco to Addis Ababa via Istanbul. Half way in the first leg of the flight (from San Francisco to Istanbul), a lady in the flight got sick and a decision was made to divert the plane to Bergen Norway, so the lady can get a medical treatment.  This caused 3 hours delay on our arrival time to Istanbul and we missed our second leg flight (From Istanbul to Addis) as a result. When we first got to Istanbul information was scarce and no one were willing to help. After a lot of leg work we finally reached to the “Transfer” station where we can request to be booked to another flight.  We were told the next flight to Addis Ababa is 24 hours later and the airline will provide hotel accommodations for us. They booked us to the next flight and refer us to another station where we can request hotel accommodation. When we got to the hotel accommodation station, we were told to get a visa and return. When we got to the Visa station we faced discrimination because my wife carried a passport from Ethiopia. Visa was offered to my son and myself who were carrying a US passport and denied to my wife who were carrying Ethiopian passport. When we asked why we were told they don’t give Visas to people who carry Ethiopian passport. We showed them my wife’s US green card and explain the situation we will face if we had to stay in the airport with a sick child for 24 additional hours  and they still refuse to give my wife a visa. The only solution they offered is to leave my wife who was breastfeeding behind.  We tried to call the US Embassy in Istanbul to explain the situation, but they were closed for the day. Out of options, hungry and tired, we finally decide to stay in the airport for the next 24 hours. We returned to Turkish airlines terminal and asked if we get admittance to the Turkish airline lounge, so our child can rest in a comfortable area and this request was denied because we are not Turkish airline business customers. For the next 24 hours, we were prisoners in Istanbul airport. I regret my decision to fly Turkish and I will never fly them again. 
 My first time on Turkish. It's not a bare-basics, race-to-the-bottom product, but it's far behind Asian carriers and Qatar Airways in warmth and sophistication. There is a lot of confusion both in the cockpit and at the Istanbul transit area. Passengers are given the wrong information. My flight ex-KUL taxied all over the airport for 2 hours before returning to gate for refuelling. (We were just about to take off on a 11.5-hour journey with not enough fuel? Interesting.) That just about put paid to everyone's plans to catch their connecting flights. The gate number for my Geneva flight was different from what the entertainment system showed us right before landing (as I found out after sprinting, laptop and shoes in hand, to the wrong gate). Very stressful. On board, food is okay but same-same across sectors. English is not great unless pre-recorded. Male crew are quite patient and hard-working. The female staff can be pleasant when they want to be. Sadly, many make it very clear that having seen the world and having put peroxide highlights in their hair, pouring coffee in economy class is not where they want tp be. (How hard is it to say "Good evening" to a passenger during boarding, instead of giving an icy, silent stare?) In the future, unless I decide to travel to one of the secondary destinations served by TK, such as Salzburg or Lyon, my preference will remain with the more established airlines.
  Maputo to Almaty via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines has the worst customer service and IT-systems.  They charged me for a flight but due to system error the funds disappeared from my account without the payment showing in their system. Their customer rep gave me as an only alternative to wait for 7 business days and buy the tickets then. Of course I could've just chucked another 1,500 USD in and tried if their system would've worked on the second time around.
  Booked business class for the comfort, travelled from Toronto to Istanbul, the flight was good rested well. The flight from Istanbul to Karachi was a disaster, none of the seats were working to recline or adjust the foot rest. People should think twice before purchasing a business class. On top of they take the headphones 20 min before landing which is so annoying. Overall horrible from Istanbul to Karachi.
  Berlin to Manila via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines lost my luggage. It was delivered only 36 hours after my arrival. The worst thing was the way of delivery. A very rude guy brought the luggage to my place. He threatened me to throw the luggage on the street if i don't come down the stairway to pick it up. I complained via the feedback online form and now i am messaging with Turkish Airlines for more than 6 weeks. They refuse to give me any compensation for the stress. For me it's the poorest customer service i ever experienced from an airline I will never fly Turkish Airlines again.
  Istanbul to London. This airline is running a baggage scam. Be very aware. On their website they claim to allow free 2 bags (check in up to 32 kilos each) . When you arrive at counter , they don't speak English and keep telling you are not allowed any bags and must pay for it. They leave you with no option. I had to pay $400 dollars for my two bags , weighing 20 mg each. Avoid this airline like the plague. They do not speak English and are scamming people with this whole luggage scam. It's basically some sort of legalized robbery.
  Athens to Havana via Istanbul. Amazing crew service. On time. Great selection of music and movies on the IFE. The food was delicious with 2 choices and menu card and real cutlery. Also amenity.
  Vienna to Istanbul. Our morning flight was delayed then eventually cancelled due to the bad weather which is understandable. We had to rushed back to counter for them to issue another boarding pass and during this time it was already chaotic. Then they gave us options whather to take the next earliest flight but will arrive in Istanbul Sabiha airport and not Istanbul Ataturk airport. Another option is to take another flight but had to wait for another 9 hours. We took the first option because Turkish airlines promise that our luggage will be sent to Sabiha airport when we landed. Once landed, waited for around 45 mins - 1 hour for our luggage but none arrived including others that took the same option as ours. Few minutes later one of the staff came and informed us that all the luggage are left in Vienna. This became even more chaotic as passengers have other arrangements and obviously requires the luggage. The staff told us to file baggage lost at the counter and the queue itself took almost 2 hours. Turkish Airlines again made another promise that they would send it by the next morning to our hotel but again we still have not receive our luggage the next morning. Fortunately our hotel staff helped us to follow up on this matter and again Turkish Airlines made another promise that the luggage will be sent tomorrow evening. So day 3 In Istanbul with recycled sweaty clothes and no luggage. We are really hopeful that it will be sent by tomorrow evening as we are going back in few days. The trip from Sabiha airport to our hotel itself costed us twice the price. Pray for our luggage. Hope Turkish Airlines take this matter seriously.
  Tel Aviv to Singapore via Istanbul. Ground service is awful, I am Elite+ and get no gold lines. Boarding is a mess. Customer service awful. They deducted miles from my accounts and they don't care, give me weird and general answers over the email. Cabin crew was ok, but missed several safety classes.  I paid for emergency seat, Turkish Airlines decided to give to someone else the seat - this guy is Turkish Airlines employee - I saw him with joking around with the cabin crew and they also treated him with some business class beverages, so Turkish Airlines is also corrupted. In Tel Aviv there is no special line for the gold members because Turkish Airlines also doesn't care about the so many Israeli passengers.
  Istanbul to London. On our flight back from Istanbul we handed our baby stroller to Turkish Airlines.  When we arrived to London we realized that the stroller was damaged. We started a claim case there at Heathrow airport. An online account was opened for us through which we filled in more information and received an evaluation which said that that THY would compensate the repair. We ordered two pieces of replacement covers and sent the receipts to THY. This was on the 19th of January. Since then we've been trying to resolve the case but we are being ignored. Today I talked to customer service for the 5th time. Every time I'm told that we should hear back in couple days but we never do. This is such a shame. What we claim is not even that much. If we were this responsive when we owed any money to THY we would be fined multiple times. They are getting away with it. It's such a shame for a company which claims to be world class. It's obvious that the quality they stand for is disappearing quickly.
  I am flying from Vienna to Singapore with a layover in Istanbul for 11 hours. I selected this long layover knowing that I had much shorter routes with the only intention of taking the Sunday 4:00 pm free tour around the city that Turkish Airlines provides to it´s travelers when they have long wait at the airport. Prior my flight, I confirmed via phone with Turkish Airlines that there was no need to make a reservation and that as long as 1 person would like to make the tour, that would be sufficient to do it and that I needed to be at hotel desk 30 min before the start. As soon as we landed I rushed to the desk office but the passport control took about 50 minutes and I arrived at the desk at 3:50 pm (20 min later than expected). Although I was late, I did see that the tour group was there with the guide, getting ready to leave. I asked at the desk if I could join and they told me "No, tour is finished". I was not going to take no for an answer as I had chosen Turkish Airlines and a 11 hours layover flight (instead of 3) to jump on that tour. The manager approached me in a very rude way and told me that she had to leave and that the buses were full. She said that she could put me in the tour but that there was no space for me (in the website clearly states that as long as 1 person will be interested in the tour, it will be arranged). According to her excuse, she had 62 people ready to go and that was exactly the maximum amount that she could take. It is interesting, to say the least, that apparently I was so unlucky that I was the only person that was left out out of an exact number of 62 people. It is really hard to believe that the group of tourist standing next to me at that same moment was 62, when it looked more like 20 people. This person was extremely rude and zero customer oriented and did nothing to help me in that situation or to find an alternative. All she did was to yell at me and say that if I was not happy that I should open a claim (so that's what I'm doing now). I would like to highlight that all I wanted was to do the tour on my way to Singapore and it would have been really easy for her to make it happen. Instead, now I want a compensation.
  Seychelles to Birmingham via Istanbul. Absolute joke of an airline. Booked a last minute ticket to get back to the UK for a family emergency, currently sat grounded on the tarmac at Istanbul with a small baby- it’s been 2 hours and they claim it’ll be another hour at least and just receiving a long list of stupid excuses and then no reason at all for another hours’ delay with the most recent update. Should have listened to the reviews here; at this rate this flight will get me back to the UK at around the same time my original flight was booked for. Outrageously disorganised and absolutely no clue what they are doing!! Oh and the food is disgusting.
 Kathmandu to Munich via Istanbul. This is the worst service I have ever seen. Airline changed the flight time and instead of 2 hr transit we need to stay 14 hr at this Istanbul airport. And they didn’t provide us visa and hotel to stay. This is the first and last I’m traveling with this airline.
  Sharm el Sheikh to Frankfurt via Istanbul. Both outbound flights quite okay. Pleasant staff, my husband's normal meal was average. My special meal was rather nice, twice the same. Film choice very poor, mainly testosterone filled movies or old sob stuff. Very few films available in German. English films hard to understand because of bad sound system and/or cheap earbuds. Return: On time, same poor entertainment. Although my low calorie special meal is registered in my frequent flyer profile, on both legs I had to accept normal food, the second inedible half raw scambled eggs. TK's good service is decreasing!
  Istanbul to Male. I can not believe Turkish Airlines has 5 out of 10 reviews here. I fly with all major and quite a few minor airlines throughout the year and I have never got better food, service, comfort.
  Tel Aviv to Brussels via Istanbul It's not my first time i'm flying with Turkish , it's the airline I like the most to fly with. Mostly on time, on flight entertainment perfect, good food, kind staff. 
  Baku to Istanbul. Frequent traveler of Turkish Airlines and somehow I see that quality decreases over time. Still smiling crew members, good food and wide drinks menu (incl spirits and wine). The only downside is entertainment service - screen not working properly and audio selection very limited. Also they could change food menu more often.
  Sao Paulo to Istanbul. Terrible service, amenity kit was gave to other Business Class passengers and not to me. In a 12 hours flight, one meal as the breakfast was not serviced even when boarding I said would rest first part of the flight and eat later, they said ok, but later said meal is not served on demand, really rude flight attendants. Asked water, they said would bring to the seat still waiting. The dinner course, was terrible, never had a so dry and hard meat, asked to change they said no extra meal. This is the kind of treatment you have at Turkish Airlines Business Class.
  İstanbul to Frankfurt on A330-300. Cabin crew were very careful. We arrived to Frankfurt in time. We traveled with Turkish airlines several times and we will do it again. We recommend it.
 Toronto to Istanbul. Very hostile behaviour at check in counters. I am entitled to take two bags, 23 kegs each but I am carrying one bag with 23 kegs and one carry on luggage with 11 kgs. The lady at the rudely refused my carry on luggage due to over weight for 3 kgs. I explained her that instead of two bags I am taking one, as such you should consider 3 kgs excess in my carry on luggage but she was not a mood to listen anything from me. This will be my first and last trip using Turkish Airways. I will not recommend anybody to take this Airline.
  Istanbul to Dushanbe. Awful!! Flight was supposed to leave at 9 pm. At check in, told flight was delayed by nine hours, passengers had to stay at airport. No place to sleep, zero assistance or empathy from ill-informed, rude, Turkish airlines employees, whose ability to speak English was very limited. Left to sleep on floor of airport for nine hours. Will never fly again with them.
 Istanbul to London. When I got to the departure lounge, it was a 30 minute wait to pass immigration officials and to have my passport checked, A number of families moving to the UK slowed down the process. Pre Boarding failed at the families on hand did not understand English or Turkish languages. Boarding on to a new B737 was quick and excess cabin bags was controlled strictly at the gate. The cabin was very new, with a light and bright feel. The seat where average economy seats with reasonable leg room. The plane featured over head TV screens that showed a cheesy lego based pre flight video. The cabin crew was very good and offered an efficient service. Drinks where served after takeoff and a very Turkish meal was served an hour later, featuring rice, vegetables and kebab meat. A vegetarian option was available that looked like couscous. Drinks included fruit juice, sodas, beer and white wine. Inflight entertainment was limited to music and radio on 8 channels. Overall it was a pleasant flight and the seats where OK.
 Boston to Amsterdam via Istanbul. Great flight, no delay. The staff were very kind and helpful during the flight. The entertainment system was great, lots of new movies/series. My preferred food is seefood based upon my miles and smiles profile. I got grilled salmon and shrimps. It was like eating at a good restaurant. No complaints at all
 Tashkent to Istanbul. Check in Tashkent was chaos, People where checking in box's of eggs and fresh produce to sell in Istanbul. I quickly slipped into the business line and saved 20 minutes from the check in process. When we all assembled in the depart lounge the pre boarding sequence went out of the window. People standing closest to the door where on 1st. This ruffled a few business travellers big time. The airplane was a well used and tired aircraft, the interior was well used & featured cramped and un comfortable economy seats. Boarding was swift and the crew did a manual safety briefing, before a quick take off. The inflight services was a limited range of drinks and tea. The meal options where greasy riced based meals with donner meats. There was no flight entertainment. The flight was over soon enough and we disembarked on a jet way with easy connection to my next flight.
 Istanbul to Tashkent. Got to the departure longue to find utter chaos, 100s of local people trying to board a flight, each carrying with 3 or 4 cabins bags, wedding dresses, quilts and electrical goods. The Turkish airlines staff did their best to bring control and remove bags from shopping happy Uzbeks. The boarding sequence did not work either. Reminds me of a rugby scrum at its best. We were bussed out to a well used aircraft with a very dated cabin. When I got to my window seat I found both seats full of stacked bags. Which had to be removed to the frustration of their owner. Turkish Airlines had an extra 6 or 7 staff on the flight trying to move what seemed 2 tonnes of bags into the hold and to sit people in there assigned seats. The flight had a delayed takeoff, which gave you time to look at a very tired interior, seats were old and lacked support. Leg room was zero and there was no IFE or video screens. The crew gave a manual safety demo and had to control people who wanted to change seats. The flight itself was OK, there was a basic drinks service and a simple meal of kebab meat and rice, there was no vegetation options that I could see off. The crew enforced a strict liquor policy from take off which worked well. Landing was OK and we where loaded into a bus from a remote parking space. Transit through Visa control and baggage collection was fast by Uzbek standards.
 London to Istanbul. The departing gate and boarding experience was good, people boarded quickly and the sequence worked well. The cabin of this new 737 was clean and bright, for a economy seat the legroom was ok with a standard seat pitch of 34 or so inches. A cheesy safety video was shown before takeoff featuring lego figures. A little too cheesy after been shown twice, once in Turkish and once in English. Drinks were served after take off in a punctual fashion and was soon followed by a superb in flight meal of lamb kebab and rice, a good looking vegetarian Dahl was available too. Drinks included average wines and rice beer, along with soft drinks and Turkish coffee. The cabin crew where good and well turned out, including a chef working in the galley for business class passengers. The rest of the flight was fine. This plane did not feature IFE, other than some magzines. We were disembarked at a remote stand and spent 20 minutes on a bus trundling across a dark airfield to a packed transfer hall. Cannot wait for the new airport.
  I was flying from Alexandria to Atyrau through Istanbul on Jan 15, 2019. The luggage was tags were printed fine all the way to Atyrau but the Turkish Airlines Supervisor asked the agent to check it only yo Istanbul. He was rude and obnoxious. He claimed that this was because I have two different ticket numbers which is very common anywhere else on earth. He said the same to someone else who was going to London but he received a phone call from superiors to make this passenger luggage go all the way to London. When I complained, he threatened to float my flight. He was shouting at everyone and when when his colleagues offered to intervene, he shut them down.  I fly on Turkish Airline from Cairo every 28 days and I never had this problem. But now never again. I had to get a 50 Euro Visa to and clear customs in Turkey and collect my luggage to check in again because this incompetent airline staff. Never again Turkish Airlines.
  Mumbai to Los Angeles via Istanbul. The estimated departure of TK9 (BOM-IST) was 6:55 am which actually departed at 7:55 am it was delayed because of some connecting flight and other reasons. My experience in both flights form BOM-IST and IST-LAX was way too different. BOM-IST review: Communication: The communication done by the pilot with passengers was awful they spoke something in Turkish and mumbled some English. All I understood was word THANK YOU. The quality of speakers used for the announcement was very cheap. The flight crew had a very different attitude in this flight they didn't communicate well with passengers and was just doing work like robots. Not listening to queries and moving on with next passengers. They didn't even greet their incoming passengers. Food quality was OKish. No menu card was provided.  Overall the Flight was clean with old interfaces. My front seat was torn apart with some internals clearly seen. IST-LAX review: The communication was very clear in English the speakers were fine. The cabin crew was friendly and accommodating understood passengers well and heard all my queries. Helped me with my bags. Greeted us while coming in and going out. Food: Food was awful. When given meal preference was an Asian vegetarian meal please for god sake dont serve ITALIAN PASTA. Menu card was provided. Flight: This flight was cleaner with newer interfaces and good seats. The flight arrived 1 hr late. Overall Review of Turkish Airlines: Istanbul airport security lady was extremely rude. She can't even understand basic English. Passengers are in hurry and tired and in that mindset even such small things make a big impact on passengers. My Mumbai to Istanbul flight was awful and Istanbul to Los Angeles was good. They do really discriminate passengers from different regions. Providing different services to different passengers.I have traveled quite a lot but never gotsuch treatment. 
  Istanbul to Beirut. Rude, arrogant, stressed and unapologetically inattentive crew. Wifi impossible to connect to, or simply malfunctioning. Really bad experience.
  Kilaminjaro to Chicago via Istanbul. My problems began the day before the flight, I had booked a Turkish Airlines award business class ticket using United Mileageplus miles months earlier, but the day before noticed I couldn't select my seat and part of my flights were missing from the itinerary. I called Turkish Airlines to confirm everything was but for some reason I couldn't select my seat, so to arrive to the airport early. I arrive the next day to the airport 3 hours early in Kiliminjaro airport in Tanzania and it turns out there is a massive problem with my ticket. A Turkish airlines agent later said it was "it was award ticket and NO REC on your onward boarding pass"" which I have no idea what it means but the agent was smashing away at the keyboard for hours trying to get me on the flight to the point they had to hold the flight to Istanbul. At the very last minute I was finally I was able to board and the Turkish airlines agent said I shouldn't have any more problems, but once I get to Istanbul I need to get my next boarding pass and that my bag would arrive just fine to Chicago (both of these turned out to be false) Already having a bad day,I was informed that for the duration of the flight I would only receive economy service and meals despite booking a business class ticket. Once I arrived to Istanbul, more problems began as the transfer desks agents were extremely unhelpful just ping ponging me from one desk to the other with no agent willing to print my boarding pass or ticket. As it got closed to boarding time I told a transfer desk agent I'm not leaving until they print me my pass which I paid for and I was bound to miss my flight! In the end a desk agent in Istanbul wrote me ticket by hand 30 minutes before the flight was set to take off and told me to run! This ticket got me past security and it seemed everything was ok until I got to the gate and once again they denied me boarding, while they grabbed my passport and the agents again smashing on a computer keys trying to get me boarded. Then they tried to claim that my ticket was only economy until I showed them the receipt, at this point they were once again, holding the next plane up for me. At the very last second they finally let me board the flight to Chicago. Once arriving to Chicago I was once again greeted with more bad news. My bag had not made it so I asked them to ship the bag to Mexico City (where I live). They said I would need to pick it up at the airport "the next day." Well turns out the next day was a whopping 5 days later. When the bag arrived it was completely destroyed. The nightmare doesn't end there. I figured they would be quick to provide compensation over such an incident, especially over an expensive long distance business class ticket but was I wrong. Once I began the process I sent them all relevant details including pictures of my damaged bag, and receipts totalling about $500 for various purchases I had to make for the 5 days I didn't have my bag. Then they said that they couldn't pay me anything for my damaged bag because they needed a "repair invoice" when they originally said a financial request will suffice in lieu. At that point I had already thrown my damaged baggage away. 
  Stockholm to Bangkok via Istanbul. Flying with TK is a good start of the vacation, the price was very compatible. This trip started with a nearly empty business class from Stockholm. The lounge in Istanbul is huge with a lot of different choices. The flight to Bangkok in a full business class was really nice. We started with a glass of champagne and then food. Everything went very smooth. We received a fast track pass in Bangkok to pass immigration recommend Turkish Airlines.
  Lahore to Frankfurt via Istanbul in business class. Extremely disappointed with this pathetic airline.  Lahore to Istanbul the aircraft was A330-300. And everything about the flight was sub standard. The seat layout was at least 20 years old, when business class seats hardly just reclined. No storage space. The kit they provided had nothing in it. Cheap stuff. For an around 6 hour flight, no menu cards were provided. The crew serving never bothered to ask if passengers needed anything. One had to look around what others were eating and ask for it. The worst part was the next flight, from Istanbul to Frankfurt. It was again A330-200. And everything on this flight was perfect. They provided a menu card, the seats layout was modern. Like proper fully reclining seats. I feel awful the way they discriminate with flights from Pakistan.
  Durban to Houston via Istanbul. We had booked our flights from Durban to Houston (return) which included a stopover of 2 days in Istanbul whereby our journey from Istanbul to Houston was on 16th December 2018 on flight number TK33 at 2.30pm. We had requested wheelchair service in advance. We checked-in on time at Istanbul Airport and waited more than 1 hour for the wheelchair assistant who never came and  had to walk by ourselves to the gate. By the time we reached the gate we were denied boarding as they said that we are late. As a result, we had to buy another ticket on Turkish Airlines for 18th December 2018 at the airport which cost us TRY 21519 and this was through no fault of our own. The problem is that the wheelchair assistance never turned up which is the main reason for us being late. We have flown with other airlines and never faced this issue. It was our first time with Turkish Airlines and has been a terrible experience.
 New York to Thessaloniki via Istanbul. I have so many bad words in my mind about this airline. It was the first and the last time I chose it. My return trip was yesterday, JFK to Ataturk, due to a 2.5 hours delay I lost my connection flight to Thessaloniki. When I came out of the plane there is no one to help me out with my flight, I was asking the ground staff and they talk to me in a rude and sarcastic manner because I dont speak Turkish. I was waiting in a very long line (100 people or more, all of them lost their connection flights) to change my ticket. My new ticket was at 20:15 evening and I had arrived at 9 am. I was waiting for 11 hours to go home! They take as at a hotel for almost 4 hours, the hotel and the ground staff had the worst attitude I have ever seen! They didn't show us any respect, long lines, no directions, no answers, no English, nothing except of rudeness. Now I'm home after 26 hours, instead of 14. For me Turkish is really the worst airline and has the worst ground stuff. Waste of money and time!
 There is no online check in available in Tirana. Nonetheless, the check in process was smooth. All passengers have to be bused to the aircraft. This flight TK 1640 departed and arrived on time. This B737-800 aircraft had comfortable seating with plenty of legroom. The leg rests help. A light breakfast meal was served (a platter with turkey, dinner roll, sour cherry jam, almond cake, olives, cucumber and feta and white cheese). Although inflight TK Mobile Entertainment was available, I did not utilize it. The flight crew was very courteous and polite. This is the 3d time I've flown Turkish Airlines. I've yet to encounter any problems and would recommend this airline.
  Cape Town to Sao Paulo via Istanbul. We applied and was granted "free accommodation" and stay over in Istanbul - never issued. This was a major reason we decided to use them they were not cheaper than SAA (direct flight) and the price we paid was to fly twice longer in and out. I contacted them many times over 9 months and just got promises, 4 days before our departure they still could not issue the vouchers and had to pay all ourselves. No feedback, no communication, nothing.
  New York to Istanbul via Skopje. No care for being on time, worst airline ever to being on time. My first flight was 35 mins late for unknown reasons, I spent 9 hours waiting for the next available flight. As I was waiting I watched almost every Turkish Airlines that landed had passengers running off to malke it to their next flight. Then my next flight did not have us board till departure time, when it came to loading on the buses they had us wait 20 mins on a cramped bus without opening the doors. Some passengers had to use the emergency latch to open the doors so we can get some air. Then boarding the plane the captain notifies us that we are delayed and no reason with it. Late again to my final destination. Don't fly with Turkish Airlines!
  Riyadh to Manila via Istanbul. Both flights were excellent especially Istanbul to Manila. Food was plentiful & delicious. Generous seat pitch with 3x3x3 configuration on B777 which is necessary for this 12 hour flight. Average inflight entertainment which for me, who doesn't use it much is OK. This flight is full but the crew did excellent in their job.
  Belgrade to Kiev via Istanbul. Worst customer support service ever. They respond with automatically generated replies that has nothing to do with my questions and complaints. Also Miles&Smiles program is made for fools. I have been flying with Turkish airlines for 10 years, collecting miles and now there is no way I can use them before they expire! Can’t buy reward ticket, can’t upgrade my flying class, nor my bonus card class, can’t shop in the aircraft and online. My bonuses are blocked and soon will expire for nothing. And this is the way they say Thank you for being their faithful customer for a decade!
  London to Bangkok via Istanbul. London to Istanbul on A330, excellent in every way. Superb selection of videos which all worked well with no delays and annoying adverts at onset. Aircraft clean; excellent service from friendly crew and tasty food. Plane only 25% full hence 3-4 seats each. Transfer at Istanbul not good due to having to take a Cobis 3000 bus driven erratically. Boeing 777 to Bangkok, food excellent and same decent IFE selections. Crew not as friendly as leg one and smiles were at a premium. Economy cabin 100% and I was very squashed and uncomfortable in a middle seat.
  At check-in in Johannesburg, I was told we could not board unless my wife and children had return tickets. They have EU Family visas and no return ticket is required. We were forced to purchase 3 tickets that were not needed at a cost of R27,000. The flight was delayed almost one hour due to a technical problem. Due to this delay we missed the connecting flight to Toulouse. Turkish Airlines staff were incredibly unhelpful and uncaring. The sales desk demanded I buy new tickets at a price of R40,000 ($2,800) and I refused. Customer service was pathetic. The helpline from the sales desk needed a Turkish speaker to understand the process. I was on the phone for over 30 minutes twice explaining what had happened, and was told to to wait a few hours. They would call or email me; but there is no free WiFi or cell phone signal in the arrival terminals. I checked in every couple hours for 12 hours.  The sales desk said they could not give me free connecting flights as the flight was full and the cost was R40,000 ($2,800). They could give me next day tickets to Paris, which is at least 8 hours drive from my destination.  Istanbul airport staff in general were a nightmare to speak to in English, with an attitude of indifference. They were callous and rude at every encounter even though I was friendly, polite and upbeat. From 6 am until 2pm we had no access to proper food or drinks, except pretzels and sweets from a kiosk.  We slept in the airport on the benches - my wife and I with two hyper active kids aged 6 and 8. It was a nightmare. Waited 24 hours before the next flight, and 12 of those hours we were anxious and traumatized by the situation and staff. Arrived in Paris next day, only to find baggage had not been forwarded. This after I had discussed how the baggage worked. I saw the consultant print the new baggage tags and make changes on the system. Filled in the missing baggage report at the airport. Baggage arrived 5 days later by courier. Broken. The telescopic handle was broken off and the hard case was cracked about 15 cm. A soft case had holes in from friction. I've reported this to customer service and received no response except an automated message.  I've attempted to claim compensation on the baggage delay, but the website form doesn't work. We came from super hot summer in South Africa to - 2 degree winter and needed to buy new shoes, jackets and other basics for 4 people at a cost of $800. The airline has made no attempt to contact me or to redress the damages. When things go wrong in Istanbul, you might as well be on another planet where nobody cares at all about you or your family's well-being, and put profit before customer service. I will never fly Turkish Airlines again.
  Atlanta to Addis Ababa via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines delays bags for all passengers up 2 days and when you arrive you have to come back a day or two later to claim your bag. Worst airline I have ever flown. Bad customer service. I will never fly again. Avoid if possible.
  Washington to Addis Ababa via Istanbul . Although the flight and flight crew on my trip from DC to Addis were lovely the crew, plane, food, and customer service on my return trip were horrendous. The food served between Istanbul and DC (return flight) was obviously spoiled and several people were sick as a result. The flight crew did nothing to reduce the impact (mess, smell) from this. The plane itself was dirty and several of the seats damaged in the economy class area. The restrooms (within the first 2-3 hours of the flight) ran out of toilet paper and the floors became covered in urine and worse. Upon arrival in DC my checked luggage was returned badly damaged (hard sided suitcase with a giant crack in the hard case). Turkish Airlines has refused to compensate me for the damage despite filing all the appropriate documents.
  Khartoum to Amsterdam via Istanbul. I was very disappointed with the airport service at Istanbul. The employee told me to go the transfer desk when arriving at Istanbul to get my boarding ticket for Amsterdam and when I went to the transfer desk an employee told me to go to the Denied boarding office because there weren't any seats. I went to the Denied boarding office when it was the last call for my flight due to the excessive delay in the security control. The security control was packed with more than hundreds of people and some even climbed over the fences and it was very chaotic. Anyways when I went to the office the employee then told me that I missed my flight and asked why I came here. I explained everything to him but the only response I got was to go back to the transfer desk. Then when I went back to the transfer desk, the other employee told me to go to the ticket sales desk. I was expecting them to arrange a seat in a flight today but when i went to the ticket sales desk, the employee said that there were no remaining seats and booked me a seat in the next day’s flight and charged me 500 dollars when it was the airline’s fault. The service was awful and the employees did not even know how to swiftly deal with such situations.
  Berlin to Erbil via Istanbul. Over two hours into the flight to Erbil when I thought we were already descending, it was announced that we couldn't land and were heading back to Istanbul on account of fog. This meant a 24 hour wait in the airport until the next flight which then was delayed another 90min. Then after everyone had boarded, two buses pull up, "flight is cancelled". At this point I could no longer wait, and had to fly back to Berlin. My original return would have been the day before. I spent two hours at the Turkish Airlines transfer desk with a lot of insisting and nerves to finally get this changed at the last minute to the next plane on the same day. The services there was just awful (around 1300 on Dec. 19). Initially I was told, "everything's ok, just sit there, and we will deliver the ticket to you." But as time went on and no one came, I had to go back to the desk and basically start from scratch, dealing with altogether 5 or six officials who spoke hardly any English and were disorganised to the point of reminding one of headless chickens. Also 2 hours of free airport wifi per week (!) is just not enough for a traveler under these circumstances. And there was no option to buy more with a credit card.
 London Gatwick - Istanbul - Tashkent Departed late. Never recovered but cumulated mode delay during flight instead. Cabin crew careless with connecting passengers. "Don't worry - you will get it on time - be happy" Breakfast served at 1 pm in the plane (probably cheaper than a lunch) "entertainment" looked like retro games on ZX spectrum. 2 hours delay at arrival. Crew didn't assist passengers in transit (actually we could have caught the connection if they had checked the status of the next flight which was 45 min late) Connection missed. Then we were refused a phone call to inform our contact in Tashkent. No WIFI. We were also refused information on our passengers rights. At the airport horrible staff - don't speak any other language than Turkish, shout at you (in case your lack of understanding came from deafness), rude, careless, etc. Overcrowded passport control with locals cheating the queue. Next step : 3 hours queue for the hotel transfer. Again no assistance from TK staff. Not even a glass of water. 11 pm, we finally arrive at the hotel - 1 room for 4 (children don't count in that case, even if they pay a full ticket like adults), No dinner! Can something be done to force TK remove the mention "Best Europe's airline" from their ads? For instance, Aeroflot is much better. Never again. Should have travelled via Moscow (much more welcoming and professional)
  Amsterdam to Abu Dhabi via Istanbul. Delays, delays and more delays. That sums up the experience with Turkish Airlines. Long queues at the check-in desk. Slow processes. Delays in flight schedule from AMS to IST. Late arrival at IST airport. Further delays from IST to AUH. And arriving at Abu Dhabi Airport our suitcases were missing. After a delay of two days the luggage finally arrived at our hotel. We had to buy for 550 euro clothing, underwear, swimwear, footwear, toiletries to rescue us through the first two days of our holiday. Turkish compensated only 170 euro. A disgrace. Never again will we travel with this airline.
  Istanbul to Johannesburg. Our flight on 30 December (TK0038) was cancelled and we had to connect with their ticket office to finalise a flight for 31 December (TK0042). We paid $79 per seat for 4 people (Seats 6 A/B and 6 J/K) Only A/B was allocated to us which my son and I used because of legroom. My wife and daughter was moved to 27E/F. We flew in from Heathrow the day before on 29 Dec for that 30 Dec connection but due to the postponement was forced to find accommodation and Turkish Airlines was aware of our trip from Heathrow yet they refused to assist with meals or accommodation. That was an extra 300 Euros and I have not heard anything re my 2 x $79 seat cost loss. Never again!
  Johannesburg to Istanbul. We were well taken care of by the cabin crew, service was near perfection. The food was delicious with lots of varieties available. Everything was on time. Great movie selections. Smooth lift off and landing
  Taipei to Sao Paulo via Istanbul. Worst service I had in my life! As Elite Plus even I was flying economy I have access to Business Class Lounge in any domestic or international flight flying Turkish, what was denied in Taipei my entrance. When I arrive at my seat someone was already seated, they changed me seat, and later I couldn't access internet, need to use from my miles. During flight other passengers in Business Class Received amenity kit and I didn't. I used miles for upgrade both ways and they gave boarding pass just for first sector, I asked Purser about the amenity and as well my ticket second sector because in a previous flight I had same bad experience. They said you should do a feedback form. Waiting answer until now. They used more miles than the top limit on their system that is 75000 miles from Far East to South America, they deducted 100.000 miles. They damage my luggage on arrival. The asked invoice from the luggage I had, and denied payment saying the luggage is fixable, just come and fix for me. The miles accrued was to be 100% on the fare I bought they gave me around 50%. Amazing company!
  Chicago to Athens via Istanbul. This was the worst airline I have flown with. I booked my tickets last minute, it was for me and my 4 month old son. I had 3 suitcases a stroller and 2 carryons. I had paid for the suitcases, but because I was traveling alone I went there with my husband and he politely asked if they could please take the carryons on the plane because she can’t carry everything by herself. The manager came out and said that we have to pay. I said I already paid extra for my suitcases please help us because my wife is carrying our son, the diaper bag and 2 carryons. He was rude stating that we have to pay each carryon. We didn’t have the extra money and my wife took everything with her. If that’s how Turkish Airline treats their customers, they shouldn’t be operating. It was the last time I use this airline. No dignity or humanity, it’s all only about the money. And when I took the stroller with my son. They made me package the stroller by myself looking that I had my son on me crying and when I asked for help they said that they can’t help me... unbelievable... they see me with 2 carryons a stroller and a baby and they can’t help me.
  London to Bangkok via Istanbul. I traveled with Turkish Airlines on business class back to Bangkok. The check-in was fast as there weren't any queue and the staff work very professionally. i received a priority pass at the security. The airport is huge so I need sometime to walk to the gate. I visited the United Airlines lounge near the gate which was large, modern, clean, had friendly staff and had wide selection of food and drinks. After staying in the lounge I headed to the gate early like it said on the time board but I had to wait at the gate very long and the queue as disorganized and passenger both business and economy were held for another half an hour before boarding. After boarding, I got welcomed by the crew handed out a welcome drink and a menu for lunch. The seat was fully flat, modern and comfortable but the remote control was old and the distance to the magazines was unacceptable and the storage areas was poor. The flight was delayed as the traffic at Heathrow was bad. The in-flight entertainment system which had wide selection of movies, TV programs and many more. The meal was served an hour after takeoff, the food made up of Turkish food which was nice but it tasteless and the option in the menu was poor. The toilet was clean and modern. The flight arrived on time in Istanbul. The airport was crowded, old and had lack of renovation. Fortunately, I had an access to the lounge which was large,clean but crowded, lack of food options and seats. I spent and hour before head to the gate for my flight to Bangkok. The airport was huge and I nearly missed the priority boarding as the time board show the gate late. The service and facilities was the same as the previous flight but the seat included the amenity kit which is really useful on this 10 hour flight. The crew weren't friendly on this flight and not motivated. The flight arrived in Bangkok in the afternoon on the next day on time. I received another priority pass to went through the passport control. My bag arrived on time also. Overall, the airline itself had a good service and business class facilities but the crew should be more friendly and the airport issues should be fixed.
  Vienna to Riyadh via Istanbul. Biggest problem with this airline is its home airport. Istanbul Ataturk has huge capacity problems. Because of that most flights are delayed and there are no places to sit while waiting for a delayed flight. Then really amateur services kick in when the employees start calling for all passengers to group in the back of the room for passport check only to move again to the front after that for the boarding. The fact that I booked extra legroom seat and a plane was changed without any notification (resulting in regular seat) only adds to an unpleasant experience. This was not a low-cost flight, but services appeared so. Food and on-board services won't fix these problems.
  Istanbul to Abuja. Turkish Airlines switched my seats selected through online check in, so that my family was separated. There was no need for this that was ever explained to me, leading me to conclude it was carelessness and incompetence when I did my baggage drop. They changed my seats during baggage drop. Then, they messed up and put an infant in an emergency row seat. So then I had an infant put beside me along with his father, whereas before that I had an empty seat beside me. No apology from the staff. Terrible organization and service. Will not fly them again.
  Brussels to Istanbul via Beirut. We have been failed by this horrible airline in so many ways. To start, we have booked our Christmas tickets on July 1st to secure a place for a fair price. The night before the flight. We go online to check in and discover that our connection flight from Istanbul to Beirut has been cancelled and we were automatically put on the previous connection flight that leaves before we arrive from Brussels. The system allowed the check-in and did not see anything wrong in the combination of flights. We call the customer service to make a change of flight three times and in all times the agent was unhelpful, unready for a conversation, and insisted that if we wanted to make it to Beirut, the only option would be leaving on the 23rd of December to arrive on the 24th, knowing that our initial booking was departure and arrival on December 21st. The only other option given was to fly on the 25th or get reimbursed with the ticket price paid in July to be able to buy a new ticket on another airline the day of the flight, which of course you understand how ridicule this is. So being scared to miss the opportunity to see my family this Christmas, we took the 23rd December option. After that, I researched more thoroughly the options and discovered that they were other options that made us get in time for our connection flight on the 21st, with available seats, that the agent had not only not offered, but also assured there were none. I confirmed with another Turkish airlines agent the availability of taking this flight I found, me, the client, who did what they were supposed to do if they were competent. However, now that I had agreed on the change of ticket for the 23rd, to be able to make my new change, policies applied all of the sudden, when they were completely at fault since the beginning. To make the change we had to pay a 100€ per person plus airport taxes plus the difference in price for the tickets which changed from 360€ per person to 680€ per person, which is completely scandalous since so far, all problems come from a failed system that never notified us about a change in flights, an agent who didn't do his job, and a customer service that is completely indifferent. To try to rectify the situation, I have stayed awake from the 20th night till 8am the next day, supposedly drafting a claim with the claim center without any proof of that, having the agent give me repetitively robotic textbook answers and telling me to wait. After staying awake, we never heard back from our urgent request. Missed our solution option with the plane leaving. I stayed on the phone trying to take the next available solution. Our file is "still in process" with no solution, missing all our option to get there before the 24th. This company behaves worse than a low-cost airline. Insults the customer and their intelligence. Hires people who neither have the proper English nor the empathy to deal with a client. Is frustrating and shameful. I am missing important family moments I have planned for months ahead because of this airline, its system, its employees. As for recommendations if you want to go to Beirut. Pegasus, a low cost, is much more efficient and respectful. Middle East airlines was definitely a good experience, I had a problem once with Aegean airlines, but they solved it on the spot not leaving for me room to complain. 
  Paris to Dar es Salaam via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines is at best unreliable. The nightmare started in August but let me say all in until I travelled in December I changed the ticket 3 times. Every time 'schedule changes'. Then when I travelled, they lost my bag. When they found it, there was a missing item! I wasn't alone missing a luggage at the airport. Turkish airlines is just very unprofessional. I bought their ticket because of competitive prices, but if I calculate the ticket price and the time and money to call them (because of their issues), I should just have bought a ticket from a superior company like Emirates or Qatar. Spare yourself from ruining your vacations and avoid these unprofessional people!
  Vienna to San Francisco via Istanbul. Flight experience was ok and satisfying. Customer complaints handling a disaster. TK did not credit status miles as on the ticket. But no way to get an answer why. All online contacts tried. Autogenerated answers, refusal to accept messages in language of home page. Refusal of message because form not filled completely (no miles and smiles number, we cannot deal with your message). And last "You may contact with related Airlines customer service for the transactions". All from email accounts that would not accept answers. My take is clear: TK does knowingly produce wrong and misleading information on tickets, and laugh at customers asking for remedy for non provided services. Hence, neither me nor any company member I have to authorize will fly TK from now on.
  Istanbul to Los Angeles. Ground crew is just terribly unhappy. Rude and condescending. They are unhappy with their jobs and it shows. None of them actually care about their company which reflects on the leadership. Therefore the customer experience is bad all around. You get what you pay for and that’s Turkish airlines for you. The incident that prompted this review is the fact that I dropped my glasses. I waited for all the passengers to leave and then started looking for them. As I was looking for them, their crew instead of helping asked me to leave the plane assuring me that they will look for it and bring it to baggage claim. When I reached baggage claim they said wait for a few minutes and we will let you know. Another 15 min go by and they found them, told me to pick them up at the check in counter at departures. So I walk up there and the lady at the desk is just unhappy. She tells me it’ll be 45 min and they can’t mail them to me, So I wait. One and half later someone shows up with glasses that are not mine. They said wait till we find more, two more pairs come up and still not mine. Another 45 min go by  and nothing. So basically 500 dollar glasses down the drain. Bottom line, if you drop something don’t leave the plane, they will try to push you out and then they wouldn’t care. I would say go pay a little more and pick better service. It’s not that I lost something, it’s how the crew treated me after having dropped an item that I could have retrieved if they had let me look for it
 Turkish Airlines needs to offer transfer service options (maybe even check in at pick up location) like Emirates does if it wants to remain competitive as the current arrangements for the new Istanbul Airport are greatly inadequate. The check-in kiosks are still not operating reliably. TGS staff were present to offer assistance. However I can not see TK moving all operations in less than a month without damaging their overall product and reputation as the new airport still lacks a proper lounge (the Turkish Airlines Corner arrangement although a improvement from a weeks ago still just a makeshift), restaurants, retail and other basic facilities. Boarding conducted in a orderly manner and on-time departure. The 2×2 seating business class product on this fairly new 737-800 is as good as it gets with IFE and ample space. The breakfast offering was of good quality with a tasety Turkish cheese selection and cold cuts. The scrambled eggs main dish was average. Very good selection in the bread basket. Attentive crew and smooth landing on time arrival to Baku, which is probably the best airport in the region and a pleasure to fly in to. TK offering a very good onboard product with major shortcomings on the ground, IT and customer service side devaluing their product.
 Turkish Airlines is the best domestic service and value within Europe. Turkish domestic flights across the board are quite cheap by EU and US standards, having paid $40 for a flight comparable to Boston-New York or London-Paris. Boarding was quite speedy and orderly, and what a treat to be on an enormous long-haul aircraft like the Boeing 777-300ER on such a short route, really feels special. Legroom and seat width are stellar by domestic or international standards, with a very neat and clean appearance. Inflight entertainment was not activated for this roughly hour-long journey, but a standard Turkish-style warm cheese sandwich was provided, the quality of which rivals $9 buy on board options in the USA. Cabin crew, of course, were professional and quick but not rushed. Arrival into Izmir was smooth, and we arrived at an actual gate, as opposed to needing to take a bus from a remote stand. Overall, this journey was well worth spending a few more bucks than the bus or flying Pegasus.
  Istanbul to Bangkok. Old plane, when boarding no air flow in 10-15 min, Bad Air until air con started. Warm food and dessert was ok taste, but side dishes, salads etc, I could not eat. Normally I eat all in airplane. After eat, cabin was quite hot. I inform level of the temperature to air steward, but not much change. Its better sleep in cooler, because you have blanket, clothes to add on! Even cheap ticket cost, I like to pay 100e more, for decent air carrier.
  Toronto to Cairo via Istanbul. Worst experience ever. On the way to Cairo there was a snow storm and all flights announced that they will be delayed. Turkish Airlines insisted that they will leave on time, instead we were all boarded and locked inside the plane, on the ground for 3.5 hours! Because of the delay, I missed my connection flight, which happens all the time. The issue was how they handled it. We were given no information on the plane on what to do now that we missed our flights. We just had to walk around and ask randomly. They said we have to stay in the country as there are no flights till tomorrow and that they will pay for the visa we purchased. They put us in a hotel and I contacted them 11 times and objected twice as they refused to pay me back for the visa purchased. They finally agreed to pay only 28 USD but what I actually paid was 70 USD. On the way back , they were also delayed for 3 hours and again I missed my connection flight and the exact same happened. Only this time they had no straight flights to Canada. So I had to fly to Heathrow and from there to Toronto. Workers are rude and they told me : well, if you think we are always late then just don’t take Turkish Airlines. I hated every aspect of that trip, they need to work on their customer service.  All I wanted from them was to give exact and clear information on what can be done to deal with them being late. Instead, they just let us wander around and wasted Everyone’s time. Never again will I go with them even if the alternative is more expensive.
  Ankara to Frankfurt on Turkish Airlines. Quick check in using the priority counter. Following passport control headed to the lounge which was too warm and had the very basic selection of food and beverages. This lounge is worlds away from TK’s lounge in Istanbul and one of the worst I have ever visited. The WiFi did not work despite repeated attempts. Headed to the gate well in advance of boarding time and much to my disappointment we were bussed to the aircraft when there were several vacant air bridges. On board the hard product was decent and having chosen an emergency exit row I had plenty of legroom. The service was extremely slow and by the time I received my lunch it was already cold. Food was well below the standard I had come to expect from TK and I see this as a telltale sign of service deterioration. FA’s went about executing their duties as if they were on autopilot. The IFE had a good selection and like my inbound journey, the audio jack did not work well causing frequent loss of audio. The flight departed and arrived on time. Despite being tagged as “Priority” my bag took considerable amount of time to come out and was delivered well after those that were not tagged as such. I have been using TK regularly in recent years and the decline in quality has been steady. The next time I travel to Turkey, I will most likely choose a different carrier.
  Frankfurt to Ankara. Checked in well in advance as I was connecting from an overseas flight. The agent had difficulty locating my reservation despite having been presented with an electronic boarding pass and my passport. At the gate, boarded with the priority group given my status on Star Alliance. On board, the hard product looked good and with the exception of my audio jack the seat functions worked well. Following take off we were offered lunch with two options for main course. The food was tasty for economy class and the portions were OK. Several beverage choices including beer, wine and spirits were offered. The IFE had a glitch where every movie choice was directed to the wrong film each time. The seat was comfortable enough for economy. The flight pushed back and landed on time. I have taken multiple international and domestic flights with TK in recent years and as with my previous flights, this one had passengers standing up and walking to the front of the aircraft while taxiing. The FA’s did not force them back to their seats and simply replayed the pre-recorded safety message. As a result, the plane taxied for about 10 minutes with several passengers standing in the aisle and opening overhead bins risking the safety of others around them. Whilst most of my on board experience has been pleasant with TK I am appalled to see that their FA’s do not enforce the most basic safety rules and simply ignore violations. This is a very concerning display of TK’s safety culture and raises questions about the rest of their operations.
  Ankara to Amsterdam via Istanbul. After a mediocre Business class flight to Turkey with them, we decided to stay at Economy for our flight back. The IFE is pretty good and worked well for me. Food and drinks are also okay. However cabin service was way too slow for a very short ESB-IST flight which over-hastened the eat and drink joy for half of the plane. IST-AMS service was alright, although the food quality is drastically decreasing. Their ground service and staff have major setbacks everywhere, only getting worse. Also, the seat pitch for both flights were literally terrible - barely 30 inches each. Their economy seat pitch does not put them above the category of low-cost carriers. They used to be my favorite airline, not anymore. I no longer prefer them if I have another major airline option on any route.
  San Francisco to Mashhad  via Istanbul. Worst airline ever! I bought the tickets 6 months in advance. After two months they send me a text message that the connection flight (second flight) has been canceled!  The customer service representative told me that we often cancel the flight because of the weather or technical issues! How come you can predict weather and technical issues 6 months ahead! I asked them what will happen if at the airport they do not give me accommodation. Guess what is the response; "We can not guarantee the hotel, we are sorry!" You can cancel the ticket whenever you want but you can not provide accommodation - this is not customer service. 
  Amsterdam via Istanbul to Havana return. I'm really satisfied with the overall performance of THY. The seat pitch is quite good. A lot of choices and a very good responsive personal entertainment system, the food is really good and the quantity of the food they offered you is certainly enough. You receive an amenity kit on the long haul flight, which is a nice touch. There is live television and WiFi on board, but the Wifi was quite expensive. The live television worked perfect, I could watch a live soccer match! Downside is that the crew sometimes a bit tired looks and act. The layover in Istanbul is a bit chaotic. My bags arrived in Havana and also on the way back in Amsterdam. My conclusion is that Turkish Airlines offers a good product, when you compare it with the price. I would choose them again and can recommend them. 
  Dublin to Phuket via Istanbul. Boarding queuing up everyone in the queue for a while they decided to call rows out we were nearly first going in and nearly last by the end not a good start, went down hill from there on.  Seats mixed up even though we asked for certain seats luckily some people swapped with us - we asked one one of the staff could they please sort the seats out, they didn't care. We had to do it ourself as we have 2 small daughters not sitting beside us. Nothing for kids no kids menu or kids toys or colouring books to keep them entertained for the flights. .The staff from Istanbul to Phuket were the worst most miserable people we have ever came across on a flight. Spilling drinks on customers not smiling didn't want to be there. Turkish have a long way to go to catch up with other airlines. Food was only ok nothing special. Plane was quite old looking, business class looked nothing special. Overall very disappointing going over and back.
  Amsterdam to Ankara via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines is a difficult airline to review with varying ups and downs. Business cabin is pretty good with comfortable seating but without an all-aisle access layout that misses window seats for this. IFE screen size and selection is very good but there was a problem with my system which had to be rebooted for 3 times and I could only start a movie near the end of the flight, and I could not finish of course. Although not perfect, cabin service is good, but ground service is undeniably terrible. I barely could catch my transit flight after a very long, chaotic and totally unassisted sweaty rush from one side of Ataturk Airport to the other. Many airlines, mostly from Asia, set the bar to a very high level recently which clearly pushes Turkish into a way lower tier for such treats. I would not pay a dime extra for Business and straightly prefer Economy class with this airlines, especially for short and mid hauls.
  Istanbul to Beirut. My flight with Turkish airlines was my worst experience ever. We were a group of 6 people travelling together and it happened that we faced many problems due to the disorganization of the airport and the airline. To start with, we arrived about 2 hours and a half earlier than our flight to the airport. We had to wait like more than half an hour for the passport control due to the congestion, noting that not all counters were available. Then, the staff were shouting on us to remove our shoes and get in the scanner machine and all do not speak English so we had many difficulties to understand what they want. How come that an international airport has only Turkish speaking staff, and rude staff. Next, we went to check in with tax refund process, and here, in this airport happens what does not happen in any airport in the world: They need to check your baggage, you have to open and search for the items in the airport in order to have your invoices stamped. What a shame. We got delayed due to this process, but still we were safe and on time. Due to the disorganization and the non helpful staff who were shouting on us and telling us to move faster when scanning our items, we lost a cell phone. We were told we had to go to the lost and found office and everyone you ask in this airport tells you to go in wrong directions so we got lost. We lost lots of time and we arrived at the gate 15 mins earlier, after running miles and miles to reach our gate after 15 mins of running. The staff taking care of checking passports was still available in the gate but refused to check our passports since boarding had ended 2 mins ago. We had to buy new tickets, even though we were at the airport and we checked in on time. Concerning Turkish airlines, we were told that we had to pay only the fare rates which is not too much because we are transferring our tickets, and we were surprised to know that the fare rates were higher than a brand new ticket. So we bought new tickets for all of us. Also to mention that we were told by the transfer desk of Turkish airlines and by the sales office of Turkish airlines that our bags were unloaded and they will be transferred to our new ticket. However, our bags arrived to Beirut with the flight that we missed, and when we were complaining about our bags they did not help us and were insisting that the bags are still in Turkey, till we showed them the pictures of our bags with our parents in Beirut, who managed to take them from Beirut international airport. This was my worst flight ever, I didn't receive any help from anyone in the airport and anyone from the Turkish Airline staff, but I was always told wrong information and sent in wrong directions and even my bags were not organized to stay and arrive with my new flight. This flight and this airport is never to be recommended.
  Manchester to Manila via Istanbul. Really poor service, handed a menu but never allowed a choice. Very slow service because 3 in business class and 2 in economy. The security in Istanbul was horrible. Frisk constantly and 5 checks before boarding.
  London to Kigali via Istanbul. This airline customer service team let’s it down. If you have any issues, they simply won’t help you. Before, during or after the flight. If you complain they simply don’t respond and if they do it’s a very blunt rude answer. I tried reaching out to this airline via Facebook, phone, email and linked in and they actually ignored me. This airline tried to charge me £27 per extra kg when I told them I was taking donations across for kids in Uganda. My friends luggage got lost and they offered him nothing and didn’t return any of his emails or calls whilst we were away! Airline service is average but even if it was ok I could never fly with this airline again because of how they regard their customers. Food was ok, seat room was decent. WiFi didn’t work.
  I flew from Izmir to Montreal via Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. I hadn't flown Turkish in 4 years, and was a little worried because of some of the reviews I have read. I had nothing to worry about. The flight was excellent from Izmir to Istanbul on a B777, even time for a small sandwich and coffee on the 1 hour flight. As usual, not enough gates at Ataturk airport, and we were bussed to the domestic terminal. This should be a thing of the past when Turkish Airlines moves to the New Istanbul Airport in early January 2019. A quick walk over to the International terminal and then boarded my flight to Montreal on a A330-300. The flight crew was excellent and had a good grasp of english. They were friendly and helpful. The infotainment system on Turkish is excellent with a wide assortment of movies, tv shows, and I loved the live TV. Two very tasty meals, a good selection of drinks, and snacks available in the galley throughout the flight. The restrooms were kept clean throughout the flight as I could see the flight attendants checking them often and cleaning if needed. The return flights were the same, excellent staff, bathrooms kept clean, food was very tasty. The only downside was having to be bussed to the International Terminal at Ataturk and it was pouring rain, the stairs had no cover. One of my bags didn't make the transfer to Izmir in Istanbul, but I reported it to Turkish Ground Services in Izmir, and it was promptly delivered the next morning. Again, this problem should be solved when the move to the New Istanbul Airport happens hopefully in early January 2019.
  Tel Aviv to Brussels via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines are very bad. Tel Aviv to Istanbul the aircraft are very old and the meals are cold poor meals any other route flown by Turkish airlines with the same number of km and the same far distance are served with hot meals. 
  Izmir to Istanbul. I had a wonderful flight. Choosing my seat was free. The food was very good. I was allowed to take 30kg with me.  The flight attendants were very friendly. The plane was very clean with personal IFE and power outlets. The flight was punctual.
  Cairo to Dublin via Istanbul. Unfortunately, Turkish Airlines is declining rapidly year after year. It was lovely in 2016, average in 2017 and terrible 2018. Negligence regarding luggage is increasing. I was standing in a big line among many to complete a form for missing luggage. They told me they are going to call me, but they did not cal and my baggage went missing. I called the customer service and each time they have a story. A terrible experience and last time to use their services after 3 years.
  Gatwick to Istanbul. Terrible Check in counter at Gatwick South Terminal, not aware of latest rules, lack of professional competence, lack of knowledge, not focusing on client.
  Istanbul to Montreal. The boarding process was interesting. Firstly, you cannot do online check-in as they need to check your passport. After going through airport security twice, when you go to the gate you go through another security check. After that, some people were sitting behind the boarding desk while we were waiting for the plane as there weren't enough seats and the crew was pretty pissed about it even though they initially didn't say anything about them being there. Once boarded, everything was smooth again. I love the new Turkish in-flight safety video. There were a couple of new movies that I watched on the IFE system. They still have random episodes of TV Series which is interesting. The food was better than usual, with ground beef stuffed eggplant, rice and tzatziki sauce. The second meal they served (Mac and Cheese) was alright as well. I usually like Turkish's food, but this time I was actually impressed as they somehow outdid themselves. We departed slightly late but landed almost 20 minutes early which was the cherry on top.
  San Francisco to Budapest via Istanbul. Do not use Turkish Airlines, the worst company I have flown with. I had to stay in Istanbul 16 hours because the mistakes that the company employees made and when I wanted to talk with somebody from customer service they were very rude turned their back and ignored me. I was traveling from San Francisco to Budapest with Romanian papers and they didn't allow me to board the plane in Istambul to Budapest because I didn't have a visa. Romania is part of EU we do not need visas to travel any were in Europe. But this guys didn't get it, so I had to buy a different plane ticket to Romania and of course because of that all my return tickets to San Francisco were cancelled and I had to pay another $1400 for a new ticket. And what is the company answer to all of this? "Carrier shall not be liable for any aid or information given by any agent or employee of carrier to any passenger" My first and last time flying with this company.
  Cologne to Bogota via Istanbul. In the beginning, everything was normal, just like every airline. But lather kind of bad experiences started. First from Cologne to Istanbul the crew was very very slow and not friendly at all, I was sleeping, they were very rude to everyone and very slow. Then I arrived at my final destination that was Bogota, Colombia. They lost the whole flight bags. I understand that this can happen, but I tried calling and sending emails for almost 5 days, asking for my bags. They never gave me an answer about my bags, lather they started to ignore my emails or calls, lather they told me to stop calling them! All of the call center workers were very rude, they didn't want to help, they just wanted to make more problems. I wouldn't recommend to travel with this airline, think twice before booking with this airline, really a shame.
  Boston to Rome via Istanbul. While they screwed up my first name when issuing my ticket and I have to called the airline 6 times to correct my name. Each time they ran me around to different agents or had me wait for a long time for each question and each time they have me to fill out the feedback forms online. Their website to fill out the feedback forms is so terrible due to many “bugs” In the online website. it either kicks me out the middle or couldn’t proceed. Finally, got a reply email and I talked to agent who told me the only way to change my first name is to cancel my ticket and reissued a new ticket. I have to lose the money which I booked from an online travel agent and paid for the new ticket for a simple mistake that they said they couldn’t fix. That’s the most annoying and failing airlines they are operating. I won’t recommend anyone to this airline nor do I take Turkish Airlines again.
 I was rather underwhelmed by the new Istanbul Airport. To say that the airport resembled a construction site would be a understatement. TK has a few check-in counters operational for limited international operations. Self check-in kiosks were not available yet. No fast track either for security or passport control. No lounge, just a makeshift arrangement with limited service. Quite a major step backwards to the current arrangement for B/C and TK FFs at Ataturk airport. The terminal also rather unremarkable compared to other major hubs around the globe. Boarding uneventful and not very organized in typical TGS fashion. On board TK is very good as usual. Excellent breakfast served with inspiring menu and attentive crew. The hard product also very good with 2x2 seating, IFE and fresh looking cabin on this relatively new 737-800. On time departure and arrival. Would have appreciated a fast track arrangement for TK premium passengers at GYD.
  London to Izmir via Istanbul with Turkish Airlines for the first time and  they are the best airline I've flown. The cabin crew were incredibly kind and helpful as I was very nervous as I was travelling alone for the first time. They took good care of me and the food was superb.
 My first experience of flying from Istanbul's new Airport. Fast and easy bus from central Istanbul to the new airport. Check-in prompt and courteous. The lady asked me if I would like to check-in for my return flight as well, so I did. Had plenty of time so strolled around the magnificent new terminal. Through security - seems to have modern systems which speed up the process. As yet they don't have their Business Class lounge open. Instead was invited to a small cafe where various complimentary items were offered. Served by two extremely courteous young guys. Boarding on time. During the flight a hot light meal served. Actually it looked and tasted rather dried out but I ate it anyway as was hungry. Cabin crew were very smiley and courteous. Landed early and door was open some 20 minutes ahead of schedule. Basically an excellent flight but one point dropped because of the meal.
  I am really disappointed with the experience that I have on November 7 flight number 0690 where the passenger service agent behaved in unprofessional way by yelling and threatening customer that she will make sure they will not be allowed on the flight. I am surprised that Turkish Airlines allowed this kind of behavior by their staff. Although, to give credit to the rest of agents at the gate they didn’t accept the way she behaved.
  Flew Paris to Istanbul via Doha with Turkish Airlines. They made me lose my will to live. Because of a delay on their part, missed my connecting flight to Doha, and they put me on the next one which was 20 hours later. Absolute garbage service at the airport. Had to run around in circles for help for hours. Not worth it at all.
  Dublin to Cape Town via Istanbul. First time flying Turkish Airlines. Check in and boarding all very efficient. Hadn't even been on an aircraft with a 2-4-2 seating arrangement, but this is perfect for couples (was travelling with fiancée) as no need to disturb anyone else if needing out of our seats. Cabin crew were professional and efficient in meal and drinks services. Enjoyed the safety video, if a bit cheesy! Some downsides would be only adequate leg room for a 6'3" man like myself, expensive on board WIFI ($9.99 for a hour) and cabin crew turning a blind eye to foolhardy impatient passengers who insisted on getting up and opening the overhead lockers while the plane was still taxiing! Finally, I always believe it's good practice for a cabin crew member to do an announcement to welcome passengers to the destination, especially on a long haul flight, however this was not done on any of the four flights I took. No major complaints however and would fly with them again.
  Istanbul to New York JFK. The seat is quite spacious and comfortable. However, many seats do not provide direct aisle access, which is now a norm for a top business class. Cabin staff are courteous and helpful. I had better meals on board of some other airlines, food here is quite delicious and presented beautifully.
  Johannesburg to Istanbul. You receive complimentary travel kit followed by drinks, a meal and they have a snack bar of sorts if you do get peckish. Each one of the attendants was accommodating all sorts of requests. If you’re flying the A330 and you’re in Economy; choose one of the seats in the back of the plane due to its easy access to the lavatories and quicker service. Entertainment system is great and packed with movies & series’ which makes the journey bearable.
  Turkish Airlines is an absolute disgrace. Customer services are useless, there is no such thing ad speaking to a manager or escalating your complaint. You’re simply asked to fill a “feedback” form and they will get back to you in 2-3 months. Whilst making a booking, picked Mr instead of Ms, when we rang the company we were told we needed to buy a new ticket. Apparently once you make a purchase you can not amend anything on this ticket. Is this a joke? The whole policy is set out in a way that exploits the customer. Every single change costs hundreds of £££. Even something as simple as changing title will now cost an additional £500 for a new ticket. How can you have a system so inefficient. How are you selling yourself as leading airline provider and you can’t even work with the customer to make such simple changes and you’re demanding a full ticket to be repaid. An absolute disgrace.
  Istanbul to Izmir. I am not happy at all with the customer service received, I complaint and they didn´t give me any satisfying solution, several texts were sent and calls were made, neither give me correct information in the airport when I ask for my damage in the suitcase (a wheel out and a whole). At the end they decided that 20 USD refund was enough for all the irregularities and for not arising out of this damage against the airline, employees, director, subcontracters and agents, they should head drop in shame, they told me to sign a letter. I had to carry a three wheel suitcase and buy another one in my holidays, besides plenty of time wasted.
  Cape Town to Gatwick via  Istanbul. I have used Turkish Airlines many times on long haul routes and find the combination of modern / new planes, attentive but not overpowering service, excellent food and free wifi in business class to be a match for some airlines and better than a good number.  This trip to Johannesburg and back from Cape Town was comfortable with good meals. Transiting Istanbul Ataturk is always interesting although it is bursting at the seams. The Turkish lounge is vast but starting to look worn. I assume there is no desire to spend money ahead of the move to the new airport. Turkish remains my airline of choice.
  Prague to Washington via Istanbul. Due to weather issue, most of passengers’ luggage came a day after our flight landed. Everyone had to wait at least another one and a half-two hours or even more at the airport for this. That’s okay this thing can happen. However, I talked to agents of Turkish Airlines about my luggage and their attitudes were terrible. I felt like I was the one who did wrong. They said I should’ve carried on the plane with me if I had something that important. I get it. I’m not saying it’s not my fault at all. However, they should’ve not said that with that kind of attitude and treated me like I’m the one who made all this mess. I will not use this airline again. Very disappointed. Plus my seat was terrible. Don’t know why, I wasn’t able to push the seat back so had to fly 12 hours with the uncomfortable seat. I told one of the crew members about it but she didn’t care so I just left it like that because I didn’t want to make any trouble.
  Lahore to Atlanta via Istanbul. The worst airline for the infants. They charge you extra for extra leg room seat for passengers with infant and also bassinet is almost never available. Had the worst experience. Will never fly again with Turkish.
  Edinburgh to Thessaloniki via Istanbul. Having read previous reviews I was a little worried as we were transferring through Istanbul with a very short time between flights. However everything was perfect with efficient boarding procedures and plenty of time to find the boarding gates in Istanbul. Staff were very polite and friendly and food was fine. All in all I was pleasantly surprised and I would travel with them again.
  Lvov to Johannesburg via Istanbul. The first leg was flown by a A321. Check-in was smooth and efficient. The plane seemed to be pretty old, with an old school PTV - there is PTV, but it's not touchscreen nor anything on demand, you could only choose from the few existing channels. Since it's a flight less than 2 hours so it's not a big problem. A excellent light meal was served. I had a long layout in Istanbul so I left the airport for a while. Istanbul airport was a bit crowded, that's why the new airport is opening soon. The next flight, IST-JNB, is on a A333. The food was also good - probably the best food I've ever had in economy, but there's only one option if you didn't book special meal, so it might be a problem with some people. The seat pitch wasn't very good for a long haul flight but still acceptable. Amenities were good. Overall, I was impressed and would definitely like to travel with TK next time.
  Istanbul to Miami. After reading the reviews I understand that I am not the only one, so yes all the bad reviews are accurate don't waste your time with this airline pay a little bit more and get better service. They might have good deals for their flights but trust me you will pay. Specially for a long flight and you don't want to bother with their rudeness not only in the cabin but specially with their horrible check in counter staff can't care less. Also if you don't speak Turkish you are totally screwed. I flown to Asia before for 17 hours plus. This flight was only 12 hours and it was completely hell from the check in counter to the end of the flight.
  We have just returned from our honeymoon to Mauritius of which we flew from London to Mauritius via Istanbul. When we checked into the flight (hours before departure) at London Heathrow, we mentioned that we were on our honeymoon to request some good seats or potential recognition of this monuments trip which is typically offered by other airlines. What followed was both underwhelming, and, quite frankly, offensive. On the 9 hour outbound flight between Istanbul and Mauritius, we were told at check-in that we would be allocated an entire Central row as the flight was not full, so we were individually allocated seats 15D and 15G (as the plane had 4 seats in the central row). Instead of being allocated the row as promised by the check-in attendant, seats 15E and 15F were allocated to two other passengers meaning that not only was this trivial attempt at recognition of our honeymoon trip not honoured, but we had to sit apart for the entire 9 hour journey to Mauritius! We were also told that we could not change seats even by the cabin crew when I spoke with them. A similar lack of empathy for our honeymoon was demonstrated by Turkish Airlines on our return journey also. In summary, if you are planning for a special trip (E.g. A honeymoon), I would strongly recommend choosing another airline as Turkish Airlines knowingly separated us for our outbound trip. Thank you for ruining our honeymoon journey.
 Lisbon to Sharm el-Sheikh via Istanbul. One of the best airlines I had the pleasure to fly with, offering great catering on board, even Chardonay white wine and very friendly cabin crew. Space between seats could be improved though as it was difficult to find a comfortable position to sleep and sometimes to eat. Also some room for improvement in cleaning of aircrafts' cabin. Great entertainment options on board and possibility of recharging mobile phone even if very slowly.
  Beijing to Istanbul in August 2018. On just our second day abroad, my wife called me to tell me that we had lost my mother. She was being cared for but suddenly her health deteriorated further. Naturally I had to go home as soon as possible, we had to cancel our trip. My son, who had lost his grandmother had to deal with the customer service employee who was unempathetic and dismissive. We wanted to change our return tickets which was from Hong Kong to Istanbul on Sunday and asked them to change it to Beijing to Istanbul on Wednesday. We were told by the Turkish Airlines representative we had to pay the price of a new ticket because our ticket was no-change, but we could get the refund after we present them with the death certificate of my late mother. We had to take this option as we had to be there on time for my mothers funeral. When I went to the Turkish Airlines office in Turkey after 10 days, they told me I cannot get a refund because I already used my ticket. I told them this is what the customer service told me, and the reply is "There is nothing we can do".  But it was the Turkish Airlines representative who persuaded us not to cancel our flights and change them instead. Turkish Airlines deliberately gave us false information on this subject and lied to us for the price of two tickets! A company that sees profit in death of a loved one, is not a company I am willing to work with ever again unless I absolutely have to.
  I flew back from Yaounde to Washington Airport but my luggage never arrived. At their counter, they initially told me that they didn’t know where my luggage was and made me filled out a claim. Few days later I received a notice that my luggage and will be sent to me in Florida. I finally picked it up at the FEDEX on 09/29 center where I found out some irregularities: my suitcase was damaged, my digital camera and camera were missing, few pairs of shoes were missing as well as some souvenirs from my trip. I immediately called the customer service the same day to make aware of the situation but their customer care is in Romania and claimed that they could not do anything. They referred me to their website. I didn’t have time to do so because homework and my business trip the next week from 10/01-10/05. When I got back on 10/06, I filed a claim and Turkish Airlines sent me a standard message reading: "Firstly, we would like to apologize to you for the irregularity you have suffered. Pursuant to the transportation regulations, any irregularities in relation to baggage must be communicated to our Company in writing, within 7 days at the latest. Therefore, we would like to inform you that we could not response your request positively. We wish you not to encounter suchlike irregularities, kind regards". First my luggage arrived 7 days later. Second I contacted their customer service right away and they sent me this non sense. 
  Istanbul to Vienna. Most arrogant airline I have ever seen. Asking people to be at the gate 1 hour prior to boarding, which then usually starts 10-20 minutes prior to departure. Sometimes only at the time of departure. No information from gate staff, never, whatsoever. Never apologizes for delay, simply never. Seat pre-booking doesnt work. E-boarding pass can not be issued for flights starting outside Turkey usually, so you need to pick up at the check in counter anyway and do the queue (we have 2018). Unfortunately, for my route, these guys are the best option in terms of connection and times, but its really a pain and annnoying as hell.
 Flew Turkish Airlines from Cluj to Istanbul. Flight on time, polite cabin crew, decent distance between seats, standard beverage selection, multiple choices for meal (special meals available). Checked in online but no baggage drop-off available at Cluj airport. Had to stay in line with people who checked in at airport counter. On return, in Istanbul automatic drop-off available.
  London to Addis Ababa via Istanbul. Why you fly business you expect a flat bed. Alas, on neither my London to Istanbul flight or Istanbul flight did I get it. Not great. Then with a flight leaving at 10.35am - they decide to serve breakfast (about 11.30). Most of us have got up at 6 am to get this flight - what about serving lunch instead? However, this is all minor stuff - what really annoyed me is for the second leg of my return flight (Istanbul to London) they seated me and my partner apart. This is despite the fact that we booked our tickets ages ago! Forgetting common sense, you would have through it pretty basic - wherever possible, seat people who book together, together. It's not rocket science! Despite a call from Addis to Istanbul (which annoyingly cost me over £20) to their call centre - there is nothing they can do about this! Question - so if the plane doesn't even do flat seats, and then they don't even seat you together - why fly Turkish Business?
  Istanbul to Neveshir. This is a follow-up to my review first posted on 23rd Sept 2018. Well as it turns out, first impressions didn't quite last. Any frequent traveler would have experienced a delay in baggage arrival before, and this had to happen to us on this leg of the trip as well. Simple procedure right? Not with Turkish. While even other budget airlines can provide a proper and decent PIR (Property Irregularity Report), they couldn't. We went to the lost & found offices of 3 airports in turkey - Istanbul, Kayseri and Nevsehir, all of them got us to "contact a different department", bla bla bla, basically shrugging off responsibility and bringing us all over the world. When the baggage finally arrived at our hotel, it was an 18 hour delay. That's normal. What wasn't normal was that there were no forms to sign to acknowledge receipt of the baggage! The handling company said that "we are a third party engaged by the airline" and there was nothing to sign! While outsourcing of such responsibilities are normal, all other courier companies have let me sign a document at the point of collection to acknowledge receipt as well as to document the time of baggage arrival. So the story continues. When we finally managed to get our hands on a PIR, it was a computer generated one with no letterhead, no company stamp and no signature. A 9-year old could have reproduced the same document using MS word. Most importantly, it did not even state the eventual time of baggage arrival. How is any insurance company going to process a claim if a PIR does not state the time of baggage arrival? So now we are going around the world, from one department to another to yet another again, just to get our hands on a proper PIR. Case is not yet closed. 
  Istanbul to Geneva. This airline is a mess. On the ground I asked to change my seat even if I needed to upgrade - “we are full”, so I asked again “ok so your answer is no?”, “yes I just told you we are full”. I got on the plane and business class is empty.I asked the flight manager “sorry I cannot upgrade you on the plane”!  First they have no idea of the situation or seating arrangement or he didn’t listen to my request, or they are not interested in being successful and profitable.
 A pleasant surprise. In a narrowbody aircraft type we weren't expecting any IFE, but much to our pleasant surprise, there was and a huge international selection at that! Even though it was barely a 2 hour flight, it made the experience a lot more comfortable. Check in counters were smooth and efficient and did their job well. Seat pitch presented a decent amount of legroom for a narrowbody plane. Breakfast served was delicious too, and with metal cutlery no less! First time on Turkish and I'm impressed. Only downside are the long queues while transiting in Istanbul but I hope that would be sorted out after the new airport opens next month.
  Manchester to Ercan via Istanbul. Check in at Manchester was fast and efficient in business class, the reason for that would become apparent later. Plane was due to depart at 1100 but when we went to the gate as advised, the inbound passengers were not being allowed to deplane as the next gate along was loading for departure and presumably the staff were worried that the passengers might get confused. Eventually, we boarded and found we had the business class cabin to ourselves. Plane left 45 minutes late and the service during the flight was, as to be expected, superb. Food was good and tasty and we were able to sleep on this section. The cabin crew were very good. Because of the delay, we were short of time in Istanbul and were ushered straight to our next flight bypassing security. The flight from Istanbul to Ercan was aboard a A321 with the 2+2 seating layout. Boarding for this flight was chaotic as is normal for this airport. The flight was only 1 hour 20 minutes so it was not too bad, but premium economy would be a better description of the business class cabin. The seats were not particularly comfortable and the seat adjust buttons did not seem to work. The meal on this flight was superb. The flight attendants were efficient and did their best on this short flight.
  Kiev to Chicago via Istanbul. We have used them before and it was good. This time in Septemmber it was not. We went to Ukraine and called them before buying our tickets and asked them if we had to change our date what would we need? They told us just call 24 hrs before the Flight and change the date, well when we called a week before to change the date they charged us $150.00 each to change it and we lost our seats that we paid over $250.00 each and they charge over $750 USD to change date. The flight was 2 hrs late with out any information to us. All the passengers had to stay in 1 small room with almost no AC or info why.
 Valencia to Odessa via Istanbul. Beware of seats reservation scam. I reserved emergency exit seats - at a handsome price of 56 euro each for 4 people. They were booted out of their reserved seats, the crew made no attempt to resolve the situation claiming that the seats were double booked. Really?? On August 20th I filed a request for compensation "We have registered your feedback with reference number TK-1385157 . We aim to reply to your feedback within 7 days by completing the necessary research and evaluation" Today - a month later - I received a nonsensical response, and no refund.
  Our flight from Venice to Nairobi provided a two-hour stopover in Istanbul. Two weeks before departure we were advised that the flight to Istanbul Nairobi had been anticipated and that therefore we would have had only one hour of call but that we would have done it easily (before confirming the acceptance of the flight change, we talked with the customer service Turkish who gave us confirmation - I hope that the phone calls are recorded, as well as an email in which we confirmed that we would have made it). As expected, the flight from Venice to Istanbul leaves late. We get off the plane at 18.05. The flight to Nairobi would leave at 18.40 but already on the panel appeared written "gate closed". We go to the gate and at 18.15 we are there the flight was due to leave at 18.40) and the gate is actually closed and the plane has already left. They send us to a desk for customer support that is not the right one and we find out after 10 minutes of waiting thanks to another customer who warns us. After having gone through 3 Turkish desk (Ataturk airport is not really small ...) we arrive at the correct one where in an absolutely rude manner they warn us that we would have to wait 24 hours for the next plane. Without baggage. They still give us assistance by providing us with a hotel and full board. They ask us if we prefer it near the airport or the center of istanbul and we ask that it be the center. They make us get on a bus without telling us where we were going and leave us in a hotel near the airport ... no ifs and buts, without even the foresight to say: sorry in the center was all full. We lose 24 hours of vancaza, the hotel booked in Nariobi, the various visits etc. ruined holiday. We are asking for a refund. They are denying it. saying that we agreed to have only 1 hour stopover: we agreed to have 1 hour of call, true - we never agreed to lose the connection. (mail and turkish phone calls in hand) we go ahead and we do not give up. (nothing to complain about the convenience of flight, meals etc, all unexceptionable).   IT: l nostro volo da Venezia a Nairobi prevedeva uno scalo di due ore ad Istanbul. Due settimane prima della partenza siamo stati avvisati che il volo Istanbul Nairobi era stato anticipato e che quindi avremmo avuto solo un'ora di scalo ma che ce l'avremmo fatta agevolmente (prima di confermare l'accettazione del cambio volo, abbiamo parlato con il customer service Turskish che ci ha dato conferma - spero che le telefonate siano registrate, oltre che ad una mail in cui ci confermavano che ce l'avremmo fatta). Come c'era da aspettarsi, il volo da Venezia ad Istanbul parte in ritardo. Scendiamo dall'aereo alle 18.05. Il volo per Nairobi sarebbe partito alle 18.40 ma già sul pannello compariva scritto "gate closed". Ci fiondiamo al gate e alle 18.15 siamo lì (ribadisco il volo sarebbe dovuto partire alle 18.40) ed il gate è effettivamente chiuso e l'aereo è anche già partito. Ci mandano ad un desk per assistenza clienti che non è quello corretto e lo scopriamo dopo 10 minuti di attesa grazie ad un'altra cliente che ci avvisa. Dopo per essere passati per 3 desk Turkish ( l'aeroporto Ataturk non è proprio piccolo... ) arriviamo a quello corretto dove in maniera assolutamente sgarbata ci avvisano che avremmo dovuto aspettare 24 ore per l'aereo successivo. Senza bagaglio. Ci danno comunque assistenza fornendoci un albergo e pensione completa. Ci chiedono se lo preferiamo vicino all'aeroporto o al centro di istanbul e chiediamo che sia il centro. Ci fanno salire su di un pulmino senza dirci dove stessimo andando e ci lasciano in un albergo vicino all'aeroporto ... senza se e senza ma, senza neanche l'accortezza di dire: ci spiace in centro era tutto full. Perdiamo 24 ore di vancaza, l'albergo prenotato a Nariobi, le varie visite etc. vacanza rovinata. Stiamo chiedendo il rimborso. Ce lo stanno negando. dicendo che abbiamo accettato di avere solo 1 ora di scalo: abbiamo accettato di avere 1 ora di scalo, vero. non abbiamo mai accettato di perdere la coincidenza. (mail e telefonate turkish alla mano) andiamo avanti e non ci arrendiamo. (niente da ridire sulla comodità del volo, pasti etc, tutto ineccepibile)
  Gothenburg to Manila via Istanbul. The worst customer service, the worst ground crew service, the worst assistance I have ever experienced. We requested mobility assistance and the customer service reassured us that it is already fixed. When we arrived in Istanbul airport, the flight crew who assisted me get off the plane just left us without any explanation or instruction. We were clueless where should we go and where should we wait. When we asked an airport staff, he just told us in a rude manner to stay where we are and wait for the assistance for the next flight. We were so unsure and worried so we asked again a ground crew if there is an assistance coming to help me. I am handicapped and cannot walk so we really need this assistance. Boarding time is 1:05 am and it was already 12:50 and no help came. We just went to the gate by ourselves. We asked the ground crew about the assistance but all the ground crew are clueless how am I going to get in the plane. All the passengers are boarding and we are still waiting. In my previous experience, we are supposed to be the first to get in, not the last.
  Dalaman to Istanbul. Well, the seat was okay. The food was just a sandwich and it wasn't really fresh. Cabin crew was nice and friendly. Drinks are standard. The pilot's announcements were not understandable (almost every pilot at Turkish Airlines can't speak English clearly, I don't know what kind of exam they pass).
  Istanbul to Dalaman. The food was okay. I The plane was new, ife was new, the seats were new. Legroom was good for a short flight. The cabin was clean. Takeoff and landing were smooth. Cabin crew looked unprofessional. But the drink and food service were so slow!
  Antalya to Istanbul. The food was good, tasty. Cabin crew was okay. The lounge was so small, which wasn't really what I expected. Although the seats were comfortable. IFE wasn't much responsive.
  I flew from Venice to Houston via Istanbul on Sep 3rd. I experienced the worst customer service ever. Turkish Airlines representative at the airport in Venice barely spoke English. The layover in Turkey was 1 hour 5 minutes. Knowing that the 1st flight will be delayed more than 30 minutes they issued boarding passes. After going through the border security I realized that the total delay time was exceeding 40 minutes. At the gate I met the same ladies that issued my boarding passes. They advised me to take the flight to Turkey and simply run to catch the second flight; otherwise I can try flying out next day. I've been looking for an alternative since I had to be at work next day Sep 4th in Houston. I ended up running in Istanbul airport and made it to the next flight. I got sick after returning, the AC upon departure was off, it was too hot on the plane, then the AC went on blowing cold into my face. When I arrived to Houston I was notified that my luggage got lost. Next day nobody contacted me. After several tries I got hold of someone at the airport I've been told that the luggage had been transferred to the delivery company. The delivery company confirmed they didn't have it. I called Turkish Airlines customer service, and they were not able to track my luggage in 3 days! I've been going circles between airport-delivery company-customer service call center. No one ever contacted me! After spending 3 days on the phone trying to get any information I finally received it on Thursday Aug. 6th. 4 days delay! Delivery people did not speak English either. The luggage came in damaged, it's teared up and got broken leg. The souvenirs partially went apart, I am missing some of them. As an update after a week investigation Turkish Airlines are not going to compensate anything. Very disappointed at their customer service.
  Antalya to Sydney via Istanbul / Bangkok. Check in staff is so rude. We asked send our luggage from Antalya to Sydney as we had linked flight from Antalya to Istanbul to Bangkok to Sydney. However she wanted to send our baggage to Bangkok not Sydney and said it’s not possible to send to Sydney and asked us to collect from Bangkok. When we asked to talk to her manager, even her manager said same thing. After one hour argue, some other manager came and checked our tickets and confirmed that they should send baggage to Sydney and fixed the issue. They made so much stress to us and we still not sure if we could get our baggage at our destination Sydney.
  Abidjan to Beirut via Istanbul. I bought a Business class ticket from Abidjan to Beirut. Still Turkish Airlines managed to lose both of my luggage and after 3 days they only delivered one. I ask simply call them to ask what is the procedure to reclaim my lost piece of luggage they manage to tell me that it's not their responsibility anymore since I filed the complaint with MEA since it was the connection they placed me on to come to Beirut.  What a bad customer service What a bad excuse and follow up! Not recommended.
  Istanbul to Izmir return. The flights boarded and departed on time, the crew were excellent, and drinks and a sandwich were served on the hour flight and return as well. Compare that a domestic flight in the United States where nothing is served on an one hour flight.
  Washington to Istanbul return on Turkish Airlines. The crew was very efficient and helpful, and the bottle of water they give out in economy is a nice touch. The inflight entertainment system is excellent and easy to use. Wifi is offered but for a price in economy which I choose not to avail of. On the return flight the captain paid a visit to the economy section and talked and joked with a number of the passengers. I wish Turkish Airlines would bring back the Turkish food they used to serve in Economy (the menu was the same when I last flew with them in December 2017), and they would stop showing the silly safety videos. First with the magician and now with legos!
  Doha to Aqaba via Istanbul. One of the worst airlines and staff I ever travelled and I will never Travel in this airline again. Lost my luggage. After complain found after 3 days but...may be they throw like shit inside my Camera lens was broken even after I keep with nice safety.. 3.Airline staff in airport behave by watching face and Nationality.  I remember 3 years before I fly in Bangladesh airline and it was 5 times better than Turkish Airlines in the comparison of Hospitality.
  Istanbul to New York JFK. First and maybe last time on Turkish Airlines. No big deal, chef introduce menu and FA deliver the meal for me just a gimmick, however food is okay, but has no wow factor as very similar compare to Asian or ME3 just the matter of presentation and cuisine types. Seat is comfortable but 2-3-2 seat configuration is not ideal for solo passenger. After I am at the baggage claim I noticed that my USD and EUR are both disappear from my backpack. Unfortunately I need to report to airport police and still hoping the zero chance that I will get it back. Lesson learned.
 I flew with Turkish Airlines on the 2nd of September from Dhaka-Istanbul-London. Don't get me wrong, the service was good. Food was decent, and entertainment was also pretty good. However the one thing that Turkish Airlines is really poor on is transit flight. The airport staff are slow, very ruthless and have no courtesy at all. You may say this is the airport's fault, but this was mainly seen from Turkish Airlines staff. The staff on my flight were a bit rude, and when you asked for something to drink, you would need to ask repeatedly as they wouldn't bring you a drink. Anyways, our flight was delayed from Istanbul. No surprise. Made us feel like we were flying on a really bad airline and especially due to the delays at both Dhaka and Istanbul. We landed at London, only to find out that half of the plane's luggage did not arrive. All the transit flight luggage were missing and consequently delayed. It's now been 6 days since I've flown, and I have not received some of the luggage. It's appalling especially when its with an airline you have huge expectations for. I don't know how on earth they lost that many bags, but it just shows how unprofessional and un-trained their staff are at their 'hub airport'. I just hope you all never face this in the future. And to make sure about that avoid, avoid, avoid.
  Bangkok to London via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines gave me an impressive service to me along the flight. They gave me priority pass for security in Bangkok and passport control in London, but not in Istanbul. Both aircraft have comfortable seat and wide range of facilities. The In-flight entertainment have wide range of movies and TV programs but poor option of games. Since I sat on window seats on both flights it quite difficult to get out while seat of the neighbor is recline. The crew were friendly and helpful. The food selection were fairly wide but the taste weren't very impressive. The seat have facilities like USB port and power outlet which was fast but place in difficult area to reach. The magazines etc were difficult to reach as they were located near the personal screen, which is large.  The pilot of both flights were informative and make an impressive smooth landings. The lounge in Bangkok (Eva Air lounge) and in Istanbul was modern and have wide range of food selection. However, the only thing I didn't like is Turkish Airlines Hub, Istanbul Airport which is small, crowded and unorganized. 
  Istanbul to Prague on Turkish Airlines. Following a smooth check-in processed by a helpful and pleasant agent we made our way to the lounge. The lounge was crowded but there was ample space compared to the cramped, noisy and hot main terminal. Istanbul airport is a nightmare unless you have access to the Turkish Airlines lounge. After a few beverages and snacks we made our way to the gate. Boarding started without an announcement and despite a clearly marked priority lane, it was a free for all with people forming multiple lines converging at the same spot. When I questioned the gate agent about the lack of announcements and the chaotic boarding, she simply shrugged her shoulders and said we were being bussed to the aircraft and in her mind it did not matter. On board the hard product was very good with real business class seats unlike the other European carriers which simply leave empty the middle seat of a 3x3 configuration in economy. After take off, we were served a tasty lunch with three different choices of main course. Beverage offering was decent and included champagne but the red wine was disappointing. The service by FA’s was good but it seemed quite inefficient with the two serving the rather small business section running back and forth multiple times to deliver a simple drink request. The seats were comfortable and the IFE had a good selection. The flight pushed back late but arrived on time. The landing was a little unnerving when the aircraft touched down very hard and there was absolutely no explanation from the flight deck. Overall it was a good experience especially on board and in the lounge however, the Turkish Ground Services which is a contracted service, is major downside of this airline. They are rude, unprofessional and have extremely poor language skills. Turkish has to deal with this deficiency as a matter of priority otherwise they will at best be a mediocre carrier.
  Bangkok to Istanbul. Great service but the cabin temperature was too hot. Airlines must realise optimum temp to sleep is 18.5C according to research, but flight TK65 had temp of at least 22C which made it difficult to sleep despite flat bed. Please improve this.
  Zürich to Denizli via Istanbul. Very comfortable and enjoyable flight. Cabin Crew was very friendly and they could speak fluent English. For the dinner you can choose between two hot meals. I have chosen the turkish style meat meal. It was delicious! The beverages-selection is huge. Boarding was good organized by the Cabin Crew Member. Last but not least, the aircraft was very clean an the inflight Entertainment was magnificent. I will fly always with Turkish Airlines.
  Berlin to Singapore via Istanbul. My luggage was lost. Once it was found, they transported it to Japan, even so I needed it to be delivered to Australia. later, the third time, it was by mistake sent to Germany. It took almost 2 weeks until I had my luggage. No compensation, hard to get any information and sometimes rude staff. The airplane within Europe was old and the service was poor. The food was good.
  
Bangkok to Amsterdam via Istanbul. Delay on departure has been an unavoidable case for many airlines nowadays. Istanbul ground / boarding service was rather flat. There were no separate boarding between Economy and Business class, weird. Boarding to an A330-300 using bus feeder is one more thing that you have to bear at Ataturk airport. I have no idea how to board when the winter comes. But Turkish Airlines still an option to fly in BC with affordable fare.
  Amsterdam to Istanbul. On August 30th i had a problem with checking in on my flight to Istanbul. They told me my ticket was invalid because I accidentally used my initials instead of my full first name while booking my tickets. All the other information was correct, but they still made me buy a new ticket. The employee behind the service desk told me that i could get a refund if I contacted the head office. I have called and emailed them but they will not reply. To make matters worse, as a reply to my feedback form (that they suggested i fill in and send) they just said “case resolved” without talking to me. I have spend an extra 500 euros and the least I expect from Turkish Airlines is a reply to my question/complaint. They don't seem to care about their customers at all and I am very disappointed.
  Lahore to Istanbul. The man who checked me in at Lahore Airport was very rude and aggressive. He offered me an option to upgrade to first class for $250 and when I said no he started asking personal questions about how much money I was carrying and how many american dollars exactly. Then he wanted me to verify my residence in Istanbul and other details which he had no business asking. It was as if he was punishing me for not upgrading for an additional $250. He was not a customs officer nor a representative of the Turkish embassy whom i had provided financial details and following which they had granted me my visa. When i showed him my hotel booking he asked me to leave the counter. The entire experience was unlike anything i have encountered before and what shocked me even further was that upon submitting a complaint to Turkish Airlines, I received a standard PR generated response which was frankly laughable. Its all a shame because the in flight staff was nice and did their job well. Stick to Emirates or Qatar people. The harassment here is absolutely unacceptable and no company which disrespects you is worth your money.
  Dubrovnik to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. I have flown with different airlines and have gone to many airports. But, Turkish wins hands down in terms of bad experience. I dare say even budget airlines are better. Turkish Airlines delayed the first flight from Dubrovnik to Istanbul by an hour which means there’s a high possibility of missing my connecting flight. When I arrived in Istanbul, earlier flights are listed on the board showing which gate to go to. Since it isn’t there, I asked an airport crew where should I go. He rudely told me “check on the board.” If the plane has flown, it’s basic courtesy to inform me instead of telling me which gate to go to. After running all the way, I saw an empty gate. I went to a Turkish Airlines counter only to be sent from one counter to another. I was sent to other 4 counters in total. How you handle this situation is horrendous. I’ve never come across such rude, unapproachable and unfriendly customer service throughout my entire life. This is uncalled for and very disappointing.
  Heathrow to Tashkent via Istanbul. Travel chaos as Turkish Airlines customer service nosedives at Istanbul airport. There was certainly no Turkish Delight on Turkish Airlines yesterday when passengers originating from London on the TK 1986 were left stranded in Istanbul because Turkish Airlines decided to off-load them because an overbooking problem on the onward flight. It’s the first time ever in my 30 year career in the travel industry that I’ve ever been exposed to such unprofesssional service. Most airlines protect international passengers on feeder flights. Even though the flight arrived late, there was still a 30 minute transfer window and we all arrrived at the departure gate before boarding commenced, only to be told that we were all off-loaded. Disgrace, unprofessional service resulting in a 3 hour wait to get accommodated at 3 am in the morning. I’m amazed at how Turkish Airlines pretends to be a global player promoting Istanbul as a global travel hub, when it can’t even deal with the basics. A truly nighmare experience. Looking forward to seeing how they resolve my ongoing problems! Travellers beware when booking international connections with Turkish Airlines - the cheaper fares could truly deliver a cheap and nasty experience you’ll remember for a long time!
  Malaga to Mumbai via Istanbul. Terrible customer service. My surnames were interchanged in the reservation (first in the place of the second and viceversa). They didn’t allow me to change it even though I presented all the documents (ID, passport, reservation) to prove that I was the holder of the ticket. I couldn’t rectify the data neither online, nor at the Turkish desk, nor on the phone and not even paying a change fee. The only solution they offered was to buy a full new ticket. I am a member of their miles and smiles program. As you can imagine I was not smiling.
 Billund to Bangkok via Istanbul. Beside the very short connection in Istanbul that caused me had to run for the next flight, it was a quite good experience. It started with a friendly checkin staff that moved us to the emergency exit row so I had plenty of legroom for my 190cm. Service onboard was good with nice meal for a 3h flight, and crew was a very friendly. The only issue was that they was that they didn't provide gate info for the next flight from Istanbul and our 55 minutes layover was only 40min because of delay on first flight, so we had to run for the most remote gate. Flight from Istanbul to Bangkok was older B777 with 3-3-3 config, with legroom thais equal to Emirates B777 but wider seats. IFE not at the same level as Emirates and old screen. Friendly crew and nice meal. Seat selection is free on Turkish website under manage booking, thats a plus compared to that it has become expensive on Emirates on the 3 cheapest booking classes by Emirates.
 
A disappointing start to our family holiday of a lifetime! Shocking customer service. No communication. Rude, aggressive and miserable staff. Disgusting airport in Istanbul, the list could go on. We were left for over an hour on our flight from Gatwick – Istanbul, the captain came on the radio once to say we were delayed, obviously! No communication whatsoever. Cabin crew were rude and unhelpful. The plane then started moving, followed by taking off yet no checks to see if passengers were sat down or even with their seatbelts on. The plane just took off, not even an announcement was made. We missed our connecting flight to the Seychelles in Istanbul where 9 of us including a 4 year old had to wait at the airport for 17 hours. They were unaccommodating, rude and their customer service ability was non-existent and shocking. They said we could stay in a hotel if we paid for the hotel, taxi and visa. We were left at the transfer desk for 4 hours where we were just repeatedly told wait. They couldn’t tell us anything or help us in any way. When they finally did sort our boarding passes out they had missed one of us off. After 4 hours they then said we could have a food voucher and a rest area, this was gone 4 hours of asking and waiting. When arriving at the rest area the lady working said we couldn’t go in because we had the wrong passport. She found it funny when we pointed out to her that we had a 4 year old asleep in a trolley. She was laughing with her colleague which was infuriating and highly unprofessional. The toilets were disgusting. Another delayed flight made us miss yet another connecting flight to Dubai this time, this resulted in another 9 hours at Dubai airport. It took us 72 hours to get to the Seychelles where we missed 2 days of our holiday. We didn’t think we would have the same carry on returning, unfortunately we did! Another 5 hour delay for what reason it was unknown. Going back to that desk at Istanbul with again rude and unhelpful staff was soul destroying. They then put half of our group in Business class half in economy. An absolute shambles. Never fly with this airline, they were horrendous in every aspect.
  Dubai to Budapest via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines is becoming the holiday destroyer. As usual I missed my flight to Budapest 11:55am and had to wait 6 hours for the next flight and lost almost one whole day in stay in Hungary. This is not the first time it happened 2 years ago, Dubai to Paris.  Went to Turkish Airlines transfer desk to complain and informed me that they will compensate me with a food voucher to use in the food court!Aside from all of this Istanbul airport is the worst ever, cramped with people everywhere, toilets are horrible and rude staff. If you want to ruin your vacation go with Turkish Airlines!
  Detroit to Vienna via Istanbul. This is a complaint about the flight from Istanbul to Vienna (8/22/2018). I booked my flight since March 2018 from USA  and have chose my seats in advance. I checked in at Detroit airport then again at Boston airport and received my boarding pass with the seat numbers that I have chose. During my actual flight from Istanbul to Vienna  I was told that my seat is not available (6F) and was told to sit at 6D instead.. I went inside the plane, and I saw the entire seats occupied at (6). I notified the flight attendant, she said ok go back to the end of the plane. I refused to do so! She called the manager , and she told me that those people will not not leave their seats and that’s I have only two options, either to leave the flight immediately and wait for the next flight or to go and accept seat 20C. The flight attendants were rude with me even during the inflight service. I don’t think I will travel with this company again.
  New York to Istanbul. Check-in staff at JFK airport were incredibly rude and unhelpful. I had very little time to board as standby and they held me up for ages over checking my carry-on because a group of them rudely pointed out to me there was no way it qualified as a carry on. (It had on Delta, however). Extremely unprofessional as a group of them stood behind the counter talking and laughing about me while I was paying to check my now extra bag. They were so cold and unable to empathize, that for that experience alone I would never willfully fly Turkish Airlines again. On the flight I pressed the call button twice because I never had time to grab water and the small glass they give you a couple times isn’t enough for an 11 hour flight. My light was turned off both times and I was ignored each time. I felt sick the entire flight because I needed water desperately. Cabin crew were not very friendly and seemed quite stressed out. When passengers were up and confused about the direction of where to go they were curtly told “you can’t pass through here” and then ignored. No smile, nothing. Such a terribly disappointing experience. Oh and the bathrooms were out of toilet paper for a long time.
 The plane was a fairly new A330-300 (TC-JOF, first flew in 2015). Boarding a Turkish flight used to be a challenge, but not this time. They divided us into business, economy row 27 which worked really well. Standard Turkish Airlines economy cabin, the seat itself not very comfortable, okay legroom. Not better or worse than any other economy seat on a wide-body plane. I usually love the food on Turkish Airlines, both quality and quantity-wise. However this time, the food wasn't as good as it used to be, especially the rice. (It hasn't been that long since I last flew Turkish). Quantity-wise it was fine, we got served dinner, snacks and a breakfast. The crew, on the other hand, was outstanding. Way better than any other TK flight I've taken. They were really nice and helpful, and actually wanted to talk to people! There were plenty of new films on the IFE system. I usually don't watch any films on the IFE, but I watched 4 films this time! We departed on time and actually landed early (I think they do it in case they need to fly around IST before landing). I got the in-flight Wi-Fi for 15$ and it worked fine.
  Karachi to New York JFK via Istanbul. It was my first time experiencing with Turkish Airline. I bought 3 tickets and for most part this airline is rather cheaper than its competitors such as Emirates and Qatar. However, you do pay a price with horrible customer service and in flight food menu. Their customers service representatives provide nearly no accurate information. Staff won't be very polite and if you lose baggage you are pretty much on your own. Makeover, it is really challenging to understand the English language of their representatives over the phone.
  Istanbul to Dubai. My flight was at 12:30am, and I was off to the airport by 8pm. Upon check in they told me the flight has been delayed by 30mins. Seeing as to how the domestic flight on Turkish I took (Kayseri to Istanbul was delayed a good 1.5hr just the day before, leaving my Friend stranded in Istanbul for a day due to a missed connection), I was dismayed. I asked the reception check in counter the reasons for a delay flight, and she shrugged it off and said she didn’t know. I said well of all people she should have the best idea, it’s ridiculous. Anyway with plenty of time to spare, and the crowded Istanbul airport boarding gate screening not having a gate number displayed yet, I spent a good 3 hours at various cafes and restaurants, periodically checking the board for my flight gate details. The thing was, my flight was not displayed. I realised much later that I had referred to it’s revised flight departure time instead of its original departure time, making it confusing this really infuriated me at the airport. When it was very close to boarding time and i still couldn’t detect my gate number, I queued at the Turkish Airline counter queue (which by now is full of passengers on several delayed flight), only to be told I had missed my flight! By then it was 30 mins before departure time and the gate was a good 20mins away. I ran like mad to gate 709, and there was no one left. I was hissing mad, this was not even my fault, a delayed flight with a horrible screen layout that couldn’t even tell me 1 hour beforehand my appropriate gate details. And now Turkish airlines is refusing to refund this ticket or cancel the no show fee. I was stranded in Istanbul for another day and had to shell money out for another flight home. Horrific and worst airline experience ever. Throughout the ordeal all Turkish Airline ground staff were rude, short tempered and condescending. They never offered to help or apologise in short putting all blame on their passengers. I will never ever fly them again - hell they are not even the cheapest, just spend that few extra hundred to be on Emirates or other more reputable airline. They don’t deserve to be in the skies and in business.
  Singapore to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. For some reason the flight to Istanbul was delayed in about 25 minutes so instead of 75 minutes I only had 50 minutes for the connection. Once landed crew called all passengers to Tel Aviv to hurry up (a delay that was caused because of you), now obviously I was in a hurry and thought it's good that they are aware of the problem and since operating both flights probably leave the gate open a few more minutes. I got to the gate and they just closed it, the ground crew was still there and had last passengers on the jet bridge. Frustrating as it was seeing the plane just standing there for about half hour and the only thing separating me from getting back to my mother's funeral on time was a door. I tried explaining your employees about my special circumstances and hoped for some sympathy and possibly help. What actually happened was the complete opposite! I was mistreated and responded with apathy. I know and understand all airlines follow the same protocol but this was even worse than speaking to heartless robots. I asked customer service to please help me out and give me lounge access or even just a wi-fi that works so I can inform my family and friends I'm not going to be on time for the funeral or possibly find an earlier flight. The answer I got is: "Lounge is only for business passengers" so I'm not allowed to go there and I can use one of the restaurant's free wi-fi (obviously didn’t work). So had to wait 5 hours for the next flight feeling like nobody cares and really trying to help me. It was not just one of your employees, I spoke to about 8 different people trying to explain my situation and they all kept sending me back and forth until I realized they are just trying to get rid of me. I would not fly with Turkish Airlines if known they are not able to get me in time for the funeral. I never post this kind of things, but I got such a disrespectful service! and think people should know they are the worst!
  Riga to Colombo via Istanbul. Please do not travel in Turkish airlines if you do not wish to lose your baggage. It's been one week I lost my baggage they are simply not providing any update only sending automated messages. Really disappointed with their customer service.
  Our flight from Rome to Istanbul was delayed and we missed our connecting flight to Dubai with the same airline Turkish Airlines. They us ask to wait for next 17hrs, since we don’t have Turkish visa we are not able to get out of the airport and they asked us to wait in waiting area only. It was airline mistake and no one assisting us, we need to talk and ask to many people for next step. We missed our job commitment and our son 8 yrs is with us, waiting in very uncomfortable area. This is the worst airline don’t ever trust your family to flight with them. 
  Delhi to Salzburg via Istanbul. Worst flight ever. Extremely uncomfortable seats with no legroom and staff was so rude. Not even water served for 10 mins after asking. Food quality was bad. Never go to Istanbul or Salzburg with this airline.
  Washington to Minsk via Istanbul. I am a Deaf passenger. I called IST Hotel Desk office and Turkish Airlines Customer Relations prior to my departure to Istanbul for stopover and Turkish Airlines staff confirmed by phone that they will provide hotel accommodation or tour with breakfast for my long layover - stopover 20 hours after my arrival at IST on August 10, 2018 on way before connecting flight to Minsk, Belarus. Turkish Airlines Customer Relations asked me do not worry and promised that Turkish Airlines will take care of the hotel accommodation very well. They assured that there IST hotel desk will arrange to ensure hotel accommodation will be provided. When I arrived at IST and they refused dumped me away from standard service/accommodation and IST airport staff at hotel desk said that they will not provide me a hotel or tour with breakfast for my long layover 20 hours at Istanbul. I realized that Turkish Airlines is not honest did not follow ethics practice and fooled me against their advertising about stopover program with hotel and tour. I am concerned with Turkish Airlines's lack of integrity and assurance. I slept on floor mat during long layover 20 hours at IST airport. From my understanding, Turkish Airlines website posted all information online that economy class passengers will have a hotel accommodation or tour with breakfast during long layover. They treated me poorly because I am deaf passenger and passenger with disability. I do not appreciate Turkish Airlines' fraud with hotel accommodation or tour with breakfast that were not provided actually. I lost trust in Turkish Airlines. I feel regretting to purchase a ticket and choose to fly with Turkish Airlines. I spent wasted $30 visa for nothing at IST and I did not see Istanbul during stopover - long layover 20 hours. Turkish Airlines put me to sleep on floor mat at IST for a long layover that was disgraceful.
  London to Istanbul. Clean aircraft and ok cabin crew. 30 minutes delay each leg. Ground staff in both Istanbul and London disinterested and unhelpful. Cabin crew behaviour irregular- one saying two young 9-11 year olds cannot sit together whilst the other said that they can. Really upset my nervous flying daughter when they came to enforce this at landing time. At booking, we asked for a child meal for 3. On flight neither got one and instead had an adults meal. Food hit and miss. I wouldn't like to travel with them again.
  Sofia to Cairo via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines was the worst experience I ever had in my life. My flight from Sofia to Istanbul was delayed 45 min and I missed the connection flight from Istanbul to Cairo and they delayed my trip another 6 hours. finally when it’s time for the flight they changed the gate number 5 times within half an hour - time running like crazy between gates, very disrespectful employees at the counter, rudeness and attitude. Also called the customer service to see if I can upgrade my ticket when I go back to Chicago from Cairo they told me you can do it at the airport, went to the help desk after waiting an hour in line they told me we can’t do anything here you have to go to an agency office. I will never fly again with them .
  Lahore to Toronto via Istanbul. Incompetent customer service system. It has been over two weeks since I have been chasing them to help find my baby's travel system. It is such a waste of time to even call the customer service they do not have any information. I have never experienced such rude and unhelpful staff. I will never fly with them again.
  Bucharest to Dubai via Istanbul and back. The flight from Bucharest to Istanbul was ok, only 55 minutes time, but they provided snacks and drinks which is wonderful considering the flight time. Istanbul to Dubai on Boeing 777-300er, new plane and excelent cabin crew, they served dinner and beverages. The flight was on time. On the return leg, Dubai to Istanbul, the aircraft was Airbus A330-300, with a 2-4-2 configuration, which was better for us. The plane was a bit older than the previous one, but the entertaining system was ok, plenty of choices to watch. Cabin crew were wonderful, you can tell that they are hard working and also very professional. The only inconvenient is Ataturk airport because it is too crowded, there are a lot of flights departing and landing at the same time and you have to spend a lot of time in the aircraft untill take off and also after landing which causes delays. There weren’t any problems with the luggage, but I think that the ground staff that handles the luggage should be more careful as the suitcases came a little bit damaged after the flights. I saw that they are throwing them quite hard when handling. All in all, I would recommend Turkish Airlines.
  The travel from Istanbul to Atlanta was horrible. Turkish Airlines doesn’t offer regular promotions to upgrade their seats. Everyone working on July 20 that I interacted with were rude and very disrespectful. They changed my ticket and had it as one of my changes and I called to make a change you have to pay in person at a SALE CENTER. How can you get to a sale center if you are not around a SALE CENTER. You are stuck. The wait time is long over the phone to hear they can’t help you and they are rude as well. I think they need to have customer service training to deal with the stress of their jobs and have a better way to be able to change your tickets. I will never fly this airline again.
  Moscow to Antalya. Flew Turkish Airlines in June 2018. It can be better. My expectations were high. At the airport, we were met by pleasant personnel. From the positive - comfortable seat, clean interior, good ground personnel, excellent IFE. From the negative - disgusting food and drinks (omelette isn’t omelette and tea isn’t tea), attendants don’t know Russian. I can’t recommend this airline.
  London to Istanbul. Very slow service, flight was delayed for 1 hour. Staff do not talk in English during announcements which makes understanding what they’re saying difficult. Will not be travelling with them again and I do not recommend. Also very tight security you have to put your baggage through security three times and the last time you will be expected to let the officers check your bags again in the lounge and also a full body check again. Waste of time.
  Kinshasa to Brussels via Istanbul. I used to be a fan of Turkish Airlines, flew them several time and rarely had an issue - but that was about 2 years ago! Now, it seems that the company has gone down. I just had the worst flying experience I have ever had (and I travel over 100k miles a year). Flight Aug 31st Kinshasa-Istanbul was delayed 12h, were forced to sleep at the airport because the company kept lying about the time the aircraft was supposed to land instead of getting us into a hotel. When entering the aircraft, they had booked 2, sometimes 3 people on the same seat, which created chaos among a group of already on-edge passengers. During the flight (an almost 8hr flight), all we had to eat was a mini sandwich, no meal. Obviously missed the connection in Istanbul, was re-booked on another flight in a middle seat just to realized at arrival that our luggage were lost in transition. There are 3 flights a day from Istanbul to Brussels, yet it took them 2 days to send our luggage. And cherry on the cake, I've been stuck at home all day waiting for them to deliver my suitcases (were supposed to do it from 1pm to 6pm, then from 6pm to 8pm -  it's 8:43pm and still nothing). I had to call them for the third time today just to hear that the guy has not even left the storage facility yet. Never have I seen such disorganization, lack of communication and disdain for customers. And with all that, they don't even bother to send an apology email, or offer compensation -  nothing! Dont fly them!! They used to be good, but clearly not anymore.
  Riyadh to Kiev via Istanbul. My worst experience with the worst airline. Kiev to Istanbul a delayed flight 3 hours. I lost connection flight and the help desk at Istanbul airport disrespect and poor management and care of passengers . They didn’t provide hotel for delayed flight of one day. Please do not look to low prices they provide I am sure you will regret with such airlines.
  Bangkok to Istanbul. Check in and Boarding at BKK was smooth. A330-300 was modern clean and with smooth lighting. The 2-4-2 layout is friendly and nobody has more than 1 seat to the aisle. The seat was comfortable with nice leg room and recline. Cabin crews were polite and friendly and served immediately after the seat belt sign was turn off. First service aperitif with peanut, drinks and meal menu to passengers follow by the tasty late lunch (2 choices) were delicious and the portions were satisfactory with full choice of drinks. After the main service crews provided bottle of water. IFE works very well with more than 250 films in almost every languages including Thai. During the flight crew came often with drinks or ice creams and before landing crews served dinner. All in all,TK offers a solid economy class product.
  I bought a ticket online for a trip from Atlanta to Cairo Egypt. I received a confirmation email from the Turkish airline. Few days later I received another email saying that my flight has been changed. I looked at my reservation online I did not see any changes. I ignored it. What I did not know and they never mentioned it, is that when something like this happens. the Turkish airline will not allow you to check in online and you need to come to a Turkish airline counter at the airport to manually check in. I arrived one hour before my flight at the Turkish airline counter and no one was there. I tried all possible ways to resolve the issue with the Turkish airline but no help was offered. I had to buy another ticket on a different airline. I will not use Turkish airline anymore and my advice to anyone else try to avoid them at any cost.
 Istanbul to Madrid. I quite like Turkish Airlines and have flown them extensively throughout the world, in both economy and in the no-longer-existent Comfort Class. This was my first trip, using miles, to fly in Business Class. The crew was attentive, well-groomed and projected a nice, professional image. The airplane has true Business Class, with 2x2 seating (versus 3x3 with mid seat vacant). However, I was extremely disappointed by the food offerings. No menu, a surprise, and the crew rolled a cart down the aisle showing unwrapped entrees. I selected the fish and sad to say it felt like I was eating a 5TL fish sandwich on the Eminonou dock. The entrée was very poor quality, tasteless, and cheap. It cost me a lot of miles and a lot of euros to take this flight; this is the first time Turkish has disappointed me and on the first time flying Business Class. I think Do & Co and Turkish should be ashamed of this offering.
  London to Rwanda via Istanbul. Calling this business class is laughable - Premium Economy with a Biz Class price! Such uncomfortable seats and the most bizarre changeover of staff at Entebbe in the middle of the night - no idea that would happen and we had a host of cleaners on board with hoovers. No sleep possible. On the flight for two hours and no offer of a drink. Miserable unfriendly crew. I won’t travel Turkish again.
  Caracas to Munich via Istambul. The plane, crew, service on board, ground staff and food were excellent in economy class. We were given blankets, pillows, a travel kit with mask, sandals, socks, camo, hot towels, also the leg room was very good. Because our connection was long we did a free Tour in Istanbul which was very cool. I would definitely travel again on Turkish Airlines.
  The most horrible ground service! They will lose your luggage and never take care of finding it. When I arrived to Ankara airport my luggage did not appeared on the belt and I then consulted to lost luggage desk. The guy working there told me that he can see my luggage is in Istanbul and they will send it to my address tomorrow. he even told me that they have received an email for my luggage already. The next day nothing happened and I called them. Quite surprisingly I found out that they know nothing about the luggage they even don't know in which country is my luggage at the moment, meaning the THY assistant on the desk lied to me in a very professional way. I has been couple of days now and heard nothing. No one is contacted - besides I then saw the report that the initial guy wrote, the color of my luggage was written wrong and the flight number I took was completely wrong. I wish there would be better options then them so no one would feel they have no other choice.
  My wife and I were travelling to Helsinki via Turkish Airlines from Mumbai. I reserved a double seat 100 days prior to the flight. Checked In with the same seat selection as soon as online check in started. However when we reached the airport the staff tells us that there are no double seats on the flight and gave us a seat near the emergency exit. To our surprise we found that there are double seats on the flight. And the so called extra leg space seats are infact the most uncomfortable seats you can have. This kind of blatant lies on part of the Turkish Airlines staff is completely unacceptable.
  Manila to Istanbul. I was hoping the return flight would be better that the outbound, Istanbul to Manila. I am sad to say it wasn't, the seat is fine pretty run of the mill business class, does what it says on the tin and had a decent sleep. Where Turkish airlines fails is in its customer service onboard along with the business class menu. Firstly the service on board, there wasn't any real interaction from the crew with their customers, menus' were given out and I was hurried to complete the breakfast menu for later in the flight, welcome drinks were not served until 20 mins after boarding, and champagne had to be requested. The main meal was served, and although it looked pretty it was pretty bland, I chose the chicken, it was dry and tasteless, I have had economy meals in the past and this spread was very much that but served on china. Way below what I have experienced on other carriers. The breakfast meal was just as bad, mainly all choices are based on eggs. Customer service on board, i had the feeling that the crew looking after its business class passengers were lacking in training to work in this part of the cabin, this was apparent from the lack of interaction, the crew spent all the time they could behind the curtain in the galley talking, never walking the cabin to see how their guests are.
  Tel Aviv to Manila via Istanbul. I flew out of Tel Aviv in the evening of June 9, 2018 and reached Manila at around 6:00PM the following day. It was raining heavily and as usual, there was a terrible air traffic in Manila that we had to make a turn around Manila airspace three times. Then, the pilot announced that an airplane got stuck in the runway, so the plane has to be diverted temporarily to Clark International airport. We sat inside the plane at Clark airport for about 2.5hrs, and the cabin crew did not even gave food or drinks to the passengers; they were simply sitting at the back of the plane, chatting. The plane returned to Manila and we reached there at past 10PM, exhausted and starving. They had nothing extra in case of emergencies.
 Well, the flight from Kayseri was supposed to leave at 14:40 but was delayed untill 20:00. Some part of the ventilation system, I think, was not working. They kept us on the plane for the first two hours. Since Istanbul is about an hour and a half of flying time away, it is beyond me why they didn't send a replacement plane, instead of having us waiting around until they managed to fix it. Well, money, obviously. But doesn't bad experiences and bad reviews hurt you longer in the long run!?
  Los Angeles to Bucharest via Istanbul. The customer service it’s a bad joke. After three attempts to complete the check in with Turkish Airlines customer service agents, the fourth attempt was a complete fiasco. The supervisor  was not able to complete the check in with all the information available. Plus they told me that I have just one luggage (not two as it should be for transatlantic flights), for the second one needing to pay just $165. Disappointment, stress , waste of time and of course money are a soft description of the Turkish Airlines incompetent customer service.
  Singapore to Venice via Istanbul. Cabin crew on both legs attentive and friendly. They came to me at the end of both segments to ask whether I liked the service and enjoyed the flight. Old business class seat on the Singapore to Istanbul route: this seat type should be removed by Turkish as it is uncompetitive. Had a good sleep though as the space for legs is excellent. Meal quality and quantity great. I was pleased to see that Turkish is testing the dine on-demand concept on the Singapore to Istanbul route. I was told that such a concept will be gradually introduced across all their long-haul flights. Ataturk airport crazy busy as usual - looking forward to the opening of the new airport in October. Due to very bad weather over India, the first flight landed in Istanbul behind schedule and one of my four luggage did not make it to the final destination. It arrived to Venice with the following flight and was delivered on the same day by the airline directly to my place.
  Manila to Istanbul via flight TK85 and reached Istanbul at 5:20AM. I changed my flight from Istanbul to Tel Aviv to 11AM from the 6PM flight, paid U$81.00 and was assured that my check-in luggage will be transferred to the same flight. When I reached Tel Aviv, my check-in luggage was not in the same flight, nor in the next flight. I submitted a complaint note and my luggage was delivered to my hotel the next day. It was a big hassle for me because I was to attend a business conference at Tel Aviv Convention centre. Airline does not have the service that they promised passenger despite the fact that I paid for the changed flight. They also have very poor cabin service on TK85 in a sense that while I was still eating, the stewardess took the tray because she said that it was time for them to pull back trays. The service is too mechanical.
  Berlin to Singapore via Istanbul. Will try to never fly this airline again. Every time flying with Turkish Airlines becomes less and less comfortable. Staff sometimes is hilarious and totally unhelpful. Work of the ground people at the gate is super slow.
  Washington to Istanbul. Just don’t fly Turkish Airlines or you will receive the worst flying experience, ever. Make sure to check out their reviews online before you buy a ticket from them.  Dealing with Turkish Airlines is a nightmare. They have very poor customer service, the employees are very rude, "unfriendly and unprofessional". They seem to have a “no smile” policy. They will not listen to your needs and ignore your complaints. They will not take responsibility or apologize to make up for your losses when they screw up. I do not recommend using Turkish Airlines.  I flew with them 25 years ago and had a bad experience back then. I had hoped that they had improved their services since then, but instead it went from bad to worse.
  Ljubljana to Bangkok via Istanbul. All aircraft almost new, A330 cabin fresh and airy. Asian vegetarian catering tasty and divers, good beverage options. Toilets clean through the whole flights, even with fresh roses, toilet water and hand cream. A very nice touch. The staff on all flights friendly and very professional. Amenity kit with slippers, lip balm, socks, eye cover, earplugs, toothpaste and toothbrush is available and very much appreciated. All flights on time, arriving even ahead of schedule to final destinations. The only negative side is their hub: Istanbul Ataturk airport is overcrowded and dirty, staff unfriendly, even rude.
  I travelled with Turkish Airlines from Calgary to Nairobi via Istanbul on July 1st (arrived on the 3rd). When I got to Kenya, my bags didn’t make it. There were many other people in the same situation, as there was a big line up at their counter. After waiting for at least an hour, the agent told me the bags were in Turkey and that they would be delivered sometime in the next 2 days. I’m lucky I had some spare clothes in my carry-on. I called Turkish everyday ever since and just yesterday (July 4th) they told me they basically have no idea where my 2 suitcases are. All agents are very unhelpful and have no idea what is going on. I had a especially poor experience with one agent who was very condescending and didn’t even try to search for answers. I left for a 14-day Safari on July 5th, and upon asking this agent how it would work for the reimbursement for the clothes I purchased, she basically gave me a lesson on how I should buy cheap things. Now, I’m stuck in Africa for 20 days with no bags, no clothes, and Turkish has not even offered me any type of compensation. I was travelling on Business Class and that’s how they treat their Business Class flyers.
  Minsk to Beirut via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines lost my baggage along with the baggage of other customers, this is unacceptable. I submitted my claim at the airport, I hope they will return it in good condition so i could update this review.
  Istanbul to Singapore. I find the inflight service very good, quick and efficient and especially the food in Economy is always excellent. Always a very good selection. I have no problem recommending Turkish.
 Istanbul to Manila. Flying business class for me firstly means I will have a seat which lays flat and more personal space on my long haul travels, along with good food, drink and that certain feeling of being made important, so flying Turkish Airlines for the first time i wondered how they would rate against other carriers? Upon boarding my seat was pointed out to me, I had been settled for 15 minutes before any cabin crew made contact, when I was offered a pre flight drink, orange, lemon mint or water. I requested champagne, and waited another 5 minutes for this to arrive, albeit a very small measure. Flight under way and I was given a handful of menus, for dinner, drinks, wine list and a pre breakfast menu, again I choose champagne as my choice of drink, again I was presented with a small measure. Meal served and what a total disappointment - it looked good if it was colour and presentation you were looking for, and to be honest it was no more than an economy meal served on china. I had to ask for bread as this wasn't offered. Taste wise it was bland, and small in portion and I am unsure as to what purpose a tacky so called candle added to the experience. The toilets had me wondering, there were two in business class yet both were completely different designs, again both resembled what i would expect in economy. Seat was good, pretty run of the mill, IFE, dreadful choice of films & TV, no blockbuster films one would expect. I wanted Turkish Arlines to be good, sorry to say they are not, they are way behind other carriers on the Manila route, way behind other carriers on long haul routes, its certainly a case of running before they can walk.
  Paris to Seoul via Istanbul. I lost my baggage and it took three days to get my baggage back. I know it could be happened for anyone to lost baggage, but I am very disappointed from this experience. The thing is, you can't imagine how their customer services are terrible. It's the worst. I called to their customer service center several times in a day to get the updates. They gave me all different information every time and that made me so confused. I tried to contact to the Korean office first, they don't know anything and have no rights to do something about this case and I spoke with four different people from English c/s division since I lost. No one tried to take responsibility, they told me; too busy, Istanbul airport is so big, it's not their fault, it's a fault of the airport, they have no idea / they are not sure when I can get my bag back, etc. They never called me back until the day after I found my bag, so I called them (that was 10+th try) and then they apologized. If someone from the office tried to find it more aggressively, I could get it back earlier. Lost baggage is irregular thing. We pay for the flight under the promise that the Airlines will ship it with my flight. But they works under the regular manual only and try not to take responsibility. It could be happened to anyone who uses Turkish Airlines.
  Algiers to Manchester via Istanbul. I have the same experience word by word as below my review. I missed my connection flight. My first Turkish Airlines plane was late, and the second plane has gone 10 minutes before dest. time. The screen has shown "go to gate". But the plane was nowhere. Everybody was so rude at the airport, helpless and their attitude was awful. Finally I had to buy a ticket for the next flight for 342 pounds, because they told me, the plane us full, I can travel only on business class, where actually was a very poor service. Customer service a joke, it was the worst ever. 
  Zagreb to Singapore via Istanbul. All it takes is just one confident ground crew staff member who empathizes with the emotions of a passenger in distress over mistaking the flight-time 20:05 as the check-in time for 22:05. After a two-week holiday, my husband and I arrived at the airport to check into Flight TK1056. To my horror, I discovered that the gate was closed! And the flight was schedule to take off in 15 minutes! However, we were blessed by the presence of a ground-staff member. I regret not having asked for her name but thankfully, I had taken a snapshot of her while waiting to board the plane and I have attached her picture to this note of thanks. I only realised my mistake when I wanted to check in my luggage at 20:00. I asked the Zagreb airport information staff for help. She calmly and gently directed me to Turkish Airline staff who made a few calls for quick checks, and sprung into action. She got a ground-staff to re-open a counter and made a very quick check-in. She then opened up a channel all through the security checks, immigration process and all the way up to the boarding gate. In ten minutes or less, we were at the boarding gates. What I really appreciate most about her was her knowledge and understanding of the processes involved. She explained to us along the way, that flights from Istanbul to Zagreb had been delayed because Istanbul had experienced very bad weather that afternoon and almost all flights from Istanbul were delayed. So even though I had divine help in that my flight was delayed, I may not have been able to get on board the flight if not for this particular lady who went out on a limb and call in favours through all the channels of security and luggage processing to get our luggage into the cargo-belly of the plane and to rush us to the gate in time for our flight. Thank you, Turkish Airline and Zagreb Airport.  On a separate issue, I also would like to add that Turkish airline is also very mindful of the needs of its passengers. I appreciate the night pack that was given during my red eye flight from Singapore to Istanbul and from Istanbul to Singapore. The night pack contains the most useful things for a more comfortable flight.
  Zurich to Delhi via Istanbul. I landed Istanbul at 18:40 and after security checks and all took 25 minutes. My next flight was at 20:20. I was confused to go to which gate to take my next flight. I asked few people to find a way. I got to know i have to go to gate no 504. So moved to gate number 504. I reached there at 19:57. The guy who was at boarding counter told me that gates are closed. I told him how is it possible as I have the boarding pass and still there are 23 minutes left. Then he asked me to go to the transfer desk and assure me they will help me in this matter. I rush without debating to that guy and when I reached there the guy laughed at me and asked me to wait for 10 minutes. So that the 20:20 time can be passed. Then he came and ask me to buy new tickets. Instead of helping you mislead a customer and ask him to ran here and there. And the cost for the ticket is too high. When I paid the entire money and have nothing left out I asked them I have no money left for anything to eat. They told me they will provide food every 5 hour - once i got the new ticket and after 14 hour I reached them and asked for food and they denied even for tea. Next day when I boarded the flight, flight delayed for 1:30 hour and we waited without our fault.
  Los Angeles to Tirana via Istanbul. I traveled to Albania on April 28th to visit my sister. Once I got there they did not have my suitcase and when I request information they said “they cannot locate it”. I arrive with no suitcase and no personal stuff.  I went to Airport twice still Turkish had no idea where is my suitcase, so I bought some clothes and hygiene stuff. I kept my receipt. Monday I went back to airport because by phone I could not get respond. Monday by noon we waited there no suitcase. I went back to hotel and at 10pm my hotel customer service called and said my luggage is here. Suitcase was damaged but it was ok with me and I was happy to be able to give all the gift I bought to my sister. After I came back I send a receipt of my purchased items, Turkish send me $41 check as reimbursement. I did file complaint with BBB and they just told me with several request respond from Turkish they never responded to me or BBB. Horrible customer service. If you have connection from Istanbul you are doomed with unorganized service and no one takes responsibility.
  Istanbul to Duesseldorf. I was rebooked due to a late arrival of first flight. The ground service is the worst as they barely understand any sort of English. The aircraft was in a poor shape even that it was one of the more recent planes, the service was not just terrible but the food was tasteless. I am much surprised how bad this airline became.
  New York to Istanbul. Our flight to Istanbul (TK2) was at 7:05PM. The crew served dinner only at 10:30PM, NY time. My last meal was around 2.30PM. I was  without food for 8 hours and because of my stomach problems, I started cold sweats, and had to take my medications to calm my stomach. I did have food with me, but because I stowed my bag in the overhead bin, I needed a flight attendant to help me take it because I am really short, and could not reach for it. I pressed the flight attendant button, but no one came. In the meantime, my friend who is in business class was saying that they were being fed non stop since they boarded until around past 10PM. Is it possible that all the flight attendant were there in the business class and our dinner was being deferred? I have flown countless times over the past 2 decades, and this is the first time I have been in a plane which did not serve food after the fasten seat belt sign turns off, considering that we only have 10 hours of flight, and another meal will be served before we land. The attention of the flight attendants to the economy class passengers is really poor. During the round trip flight, I was looking for someone to compliment for looking after me, even for just one bit of help, but no one i asked for help ever met my low expectations. This airline has a lot to learn from South east Asian airlines. Another problem. I asked my travel agency to get me a bulkhead seat. My travel agency said that the Turkish airline confirmed that I had a bulkhead seat both ways. Unfortunately, on both travels, my seat on both legs were behind the bulkhead seats. There seems to be a problem with the seat plan they are looking at, which is likely inconsistent with the real seats of the plane. I probably will not take this airline again.
  Oporto to Bangkok via Istanbul. Flying to Bangkok to see my father before his operation was going smoothly until I arrived in Istanbul. The flight was originally delayed by 1 hour 50 minutes and kept increasing until we took off almost 5 hours behind schedule. The ground staff had no answer to my questions as to why the flight was late other than it happens often with the flights. Food was served but by the time I reached the front of the line it was finished and I was told 'sorry'. When the flight eventually took off, I was in a seat that was broken and wouldn't recline and the air conditioning was not working properly. I barely slept the entire trip due to stressing about not reaching the hospital on time, and we landed over 3 hours 10 minutes late, with a further 35 minutes before the doors even opened. I am so disappointed as the entire trip from Istanbul onwards was stressful, uncomfortable and there was a total lack of care. The return leg was much better, but I had to make it with a heavy heart. The cabin crew are friendly enough and the food is great, but will I ever fly with them again? I doubt it very much.
  Singapore to Belgrade via Istanbul. I've used this airline several times, and each time it's been a pretty bad experience, mostly due to the service which ranges from average to terrible. On my most recent flight, my baggage (and that of many other passengers) arrived completely wet. Everything inside was wet and dirty which caused a great inconvenience for my whole trip. I was transferring through Istanbul and I guess it was raining there, but it was clear that the baggage had been treated inappropriately and carelessly. This is one airline I'll be avoiding at all costs in the future!
  Istanbul to Zurich. I chose an aisle seat 8D during my online check-in (around 16h prior to departure) and got a confirmation email. At the airport, the airline kiosk did not issue my boarding pass and instead forwarded me to a normal check-in. I had to wait 40 minutes in line and then the agent told me that for “Operational Reasons" my seat has been changed to 25D. This is happening to me the second time this month. Turkish Airlines quality is severely deteriorating. Other passengers had the same problem and there were people arguing about their changed seats. 
 Worst trip ever. First it’s never on time, the crew barely speak English. Arriving at Istanbul the airport is literally a shopping mall with all staff who don’t speak neither English nor French only Turkish! Good luck finding you gate on your own. The return trip was a nightmare, the flight from Kenya was late and believe or not when I arrived at Istanbul the clerk at the desk said I missed my connection flight, although I had 20 minutes before it’s departure but of course not as they don’t use tunnels, only buses at Istanbul.
  Nevsehir to Istanbul 20-Jun flight delayed for one hour. Very insufficient legroom. Light snack served on this 1 hr and 15 minutes flight. Could have been better if dinner was served rather.
 The aircraft was modern with excellent inflight entertainment options (latest movies were available). Food was tasty, and beverage options were great. Even during meals sandwiches and cookies were available. The toilet always has hand cream as well which was useful for our drying skin during the 11+ hour flight. The staff were friendly, and Turkish Airlines always gives out 'care packages' on long haul flights which contains chapstick, slippers, cream, socks, eye cover, earplugs, toothpaste and toothbrush. The airline's magazine is a good read. My flight was delayed by almost 4 hours so I did not reach my connection, had to spend the night in Istanbul. Turkish Airlines provided hotel, shuttle, dinner as they rescheduled me for the next day. On top of this, when I later contacted them about compensation, they fairly acknowledged the lengthy delay in getting me to my final destination and provided compensation as per current flight regulations. The Istanbul Ataturk airport also has plenty of shopping and eating options, smoking area. Overall my experience has been very positive with Turkish Airlines, despite the above mentioned hiccup which they fairly rectified. I would and definitely will fly with them again.
  Toulouse to Singapore via Istanbul. Worst airline ever. Before boarding the plane, I chose to have my seats near the exits as I was 6 months pregnant. However, when I boarded the plane, I was told by the guy sitting next to me that I was not supposed to be seated beside him as he told the air steward that he wanted my seat for him and his son. I sat down anyway, as I was not told of it. 5 mins later, the air steward told me to change my seats to accommodate the father and son, and I was moved all the way to the back of the plane. Best part, I have requested for special meals to be served, however, they did not update my special meal request even when they were the one who forced me to have my seats changed. So Turkish is hinting me that you can paid for 2 seats and request for 3? Mind you, it was the seats in the first few rows. Tried sending in a few emails, however, their replies are generic and they takes years to reply. 
  Miami to Bucharest return via Istanbul. One adult and two children were travelling. Check-in at Turkish counter in Miami was very smooth and quick. The boarding process was done by letters and was very without issues. Onboard I was impressed with the cleanliness of the aircraft and how new it was (no more than 3-5 years old). The Audio-Video Entertainment system was amazing and I would say probably the best I've ever seen with new movies, old movies, blockbusters, etc. The food and beverage selection was great. The kids received goodie bags and everyone received sleepers, toothpaste/toothbrush and sleep mask. The flight attendants were very attentive and  smiling. The second leg, IST-OTP was great as well. Flight was operated with an A330-200 which I found odd for such a short leg. Very clean plane, relatively new and same great entertainment system. Flight time was 45 minutes but food was served as well. Return flights were great as well. OTP-IST flown on a B737-700 which did not have personal video screens but food was served and service was great. IST-MIA flown on the same B777-300ER and same great, attentive service. Turkish are still allowing two free checked bags for economy passengers.  I would say Turkish service is on par or even slightly better than Lufthansa but at a much better price. WI-FI is available for a price but didn't use it. Charging ports present for each seat. Will definitely fly again.
 Chicago to Sarajevo via Istanbul. The customer service is beyond horrible. Changing the date of the flight due to father’s unexpected passing was a nightmare. The fee to change the flight was over $1,000. A new ticket would have been $1,400. I had to speak to several different agents. Only one expressed her condolences. The rest sounded like robots who barely spoke English and complained that there was nothing they could do. Twice the line was disconnected and I had to start all over with the new agent.
  Chicago to Istanbul. Fantastic flights (esp. food!)  - this time they did not lose our luggage for a week so it was even better. We spent a week in Istanbul and also took some TK domestic flights that went very smoothly (and they still serve tomato and cheese sandwiches on fresh bread, even on short flights) very helpful ground staff at IST domestic terminal to assist with checkin and bag drop and the lounge at IST is great.
  Istanbul to Pristina. I chose an aisle seat 14C while purchasing my ticket. On Online Check-in the page confirmed my seat selection however on the very next page was forcing me to select a different seat. Only the seats at the back of the aircraft were available. Literally, I have been bumped out of my seat by someone at Turkish Airlines. I called their contact center and talked for an hour. They said they are going to fix this error and get back to me in an hour. Nobody called for 6h so I called them back but this time the person on the other side of the phone said that there is nothing he could do other than transferring me to their complaints department. Typical TK and their miserable customer services. Now, this department simply does not exists in Turkish Airlines. There is no single person in the entire world whose case was solved by this department. I am sick of everytime getting their standard answer back like “Operational Reasons". Turkish Airlines is a monopoly with no passenger rights at all. It’s been 2 days by now and nobody called back and no emails sent with the subject. They are way behind the other airlines on helping their customers.
  Seychelles to Dublin via Istanbul. Overall good experience. Was given row with bassinet seat as traveled with infant. Even though the customer service wasn't very helpful giving us these seats, and even an explanation why, we were given them at the airport. Great service on board. Staff very friendly and food very tasty. All four flights we flew with Turkish Airlines were on time and one even ready to take off few minutes before.
  Istanbul to Bangkok. Chaotic Boarding at Ataturk Airport. The boarding pass showed a boarding group but everyone was boarding at the same time/no group boarding handled by TK ground staff. Flight 100% full with first generation of Boeing 777-300ER cabin a bit of age but with 3-3-3 seating in Y class, seat 48 cm. wide and very comfortable with good leg room. Cabin crew very organized and professional., they ran the first service aperitif with peanut and drinks and handed over the meal menu to passengers follow by the tasty late supper (2 choice) service. Meal was tasty with full choice of drinks incl. wine beer and other alcoholic beverage. After meal service before turn off the lighting cabin crews provided 1 bottle of water to every passenger. Older IFE on this flight with less choices of games and movies which unfortunately not translated in exotic languages. During the night flight cabin crew came with drinks or ice cream. 2 Hours before landing we were woken up with tasty breakfast and warm rolls and croissant. All in all no negative claim - TK offers top Y class product. I was very satisfied and had a beautiful trip HAM-IST-BKK on TK. Attractive price, flight on time, cabin crew very attentive and excellent inflight service.
  Mogadishu to Amsterdam via Istanbul./ I flew several times with THY, mostly because of their connections in Middle East and Africa. I hardly experienced planes on time, but delays were acceptable. Therefore I had never before to deal with their customer service. And that one is horrible, as I experienced. THY is not an Eurepean Airline, and therefore they do not have to commit to the European regulation with regard to delays. Although they state on their website passenger rights, which are almost a copy-paste of these regulations, they seems to be there to give you the impression that they take this seriously. My flight has delay due to an incoming aircraft which was late, and I missed my connecting flight. I had to stay over in Istanbul and needed to acquire a visa. Sounds easy. The delay is over three hours and they will reimburse the delay and the cost for the visa. In practice it is not easy to contact them, but finally I managed to get a customer service ticket. After 10 days a lot of regrets and a calculation that it was not their fault. They managed the calculation in such a way that the cause of the delay was only one minute less then the reimbursement threshold. Obviously the calculation was manipulated. For visa cost they advised to issue a new ticket with prove of cost made. I issued that request and asked for underlying documentation to support their calculation. After a while THY sent a voucher for the cost and did not respond on the question of proof. The voucher can be used only at the nearest sales office, and is valid for one year. Not surprisingly the link provided didn’t work. The voucher can only be used by me. It is not likely I will fly with THY again, and therefore the voucher is worthless. If you can opt for another European Airline instead of THY, please do so. 
  Boston to Cairo via Istanbul. Istanbul is airport hell - the rudest and disinterested airport personnel I have ever encountered. No one likes to help people there - they either walk away from you, snap at you or point. Food onboard was good, seats tight, and staffs smiles hide the fact that they have no interest in making anyone comfortable. Staff at the gate are equally disinterested. This is twice in two months that my family has flown Turkish Airlines from Boston and both times luggage went missing, nightmare non existent help or service. Filed a claim that we fully expect no one to respond to without getting high blood pressure.
  Istanbul to Geneva. I chose an aisle seat in front of economy and at the gate find I have been bumped to a middle seat at the back. You pay for a wide legroom aisle seat and upon boarding find that you are in a standard seat. I am sick of filing complaints and getting their standard answerback : "operational reasons". A couple of months ago I was on an A330 where by luck I got my wide legroom seat but 5 passengers at the back who had also paid for wide legroom seats did not. THY has yet to discover passenger rights.
  Prague to Tbilisi via Istanbul, returning from Baku. I was a bit worried because I had to transfer in Istanbul from IST to SAW but it worked perfectly. 90 min after landing I was at the other airport. However, it was Sunday afternoon, so there was less traffic than during the week. Only two minuses were baggage delivery at IST - the monitors are not updated regularly or are too small for such a big number of arrivals so our baggage was already out and we still did not see information about the belt and the staff at the SAW airport. I had the feeling that there we were punished for flying with Turkish as the airport is hub for the competition airline. Boarding was not even announced properly, just somebody shouted. On the return flight stop over in IST was very pleasant with smooth security control. In flight service great, friendly staff, good food. The only minus is big difference in equipment. I changed 4 planes. 2 were without IFE, one with old one and one with new one. So you never really know what is waiting for you.
 I flew with Turkish airlines to Jordan in April 2018. My luggage never arrived and when I rang they kept saying they couldn’t find it. On the 6th day of my 7 day holiday I decided to go to the airport myself and search the unclaimed baggage. My suitcase was there with my name and contact details on it. Turkish Airlines are taking no responsibility for the fact I had none of my clothes or belongings for my entire holiday. It’s over a month on and Turkish Airlines customer service had been shockingly poor. The airline is awful, I would avoid! The plane itself was of poor quality. My tray table was broken with bits of plastic sticking out on the seat in front which caught and cut my leg. Food quality poor. Overall terrible, especially as they claim to be ‘Europe’s best airline’.
  Hamburg to Istanbul. New A321 with new cabins, separated C and Y class, bright and airy, new seats with excellence IFE with WIFI on board. Flight 100% full but seating comfortable. Cabin crew polite and professional. After on time departure crews handed out the menu. TK served on 3.10 hours flight full tasty dinner with 2 choices with full drinks including wine and beer. They offer excellent IFE on this 3.10 hrs. flight with full choices of games and latest movies.All in all a very pleasant flight on time flight and top on board service.
  New York to Istanbul. Worst experience yet flying ever. The flight was delayed 3 hours and when asked about connecting flight the staff could give no information, said just to wait and maybe we would still make the connecting flight. When we missed the flight then someone would help us. When I called the online service the staff was extremely unhelpful and refused to find a manager for me, when I called back she said she was referring me to customer service but really just left me on hold for 10 minutes until I hung up. Horrendous, tickets may be cheap but reflects the service and reliability
 Rome to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. Very clean aircraft, cabin crew professional and friendly. Meal provided was exceptional and I have meals in first class on other airlines that do not come close to this quality. Very impressed! Flights on time and arrived on time. Pleasant experience all around!.
  Houston to Munich via Istanbul. Do not fly with Turkish Airlines, especially if you fly coach.  The online booking system failed repeatedly from the day I booked three seats from Houston to Germany via Istanbul. I booked 8 months in advance. The flight times changed three times, no more than 10 minutes on any leg. I learned that if you have reserved seats and don't call the airline to say you agree with the changes, your seats are not reserved anymore. I was able to reserve three bulkhead seats for the 12 hour leg, but found that our seats were given to a family with a baby and we were moved to the row behind them, which would have been fine except that my son, who is 5'11" tall could not sit with his knees facing forward because the seats were too close together. When the seats were in the recline position, my daughter who is 5'4" tall, could not put her legs in the forward position! On our return trip, I tried for two days to reserve and pay over $210 for exit row seats and the Turkish Airlines web site could not process the payment. I tried this option using the iphone app and got farther along in the process, but it ultimately failed, as well. Each time the process failed, I would log out, then log back in and my account would show that our seats were reserved, but not I did not receive a confirmation and there were no pending charges on my credit card. After a few hours I finally decided to call the Turkish Airlines desk in Houston, but because of the time difference, it was closed on Sunday and would be closed on Memorial Day Monday. I then called the Turkish Airlines phone number, +90 212 444 08 492, and the customer service rep stated that two of the seats in exit row were reserved, but were not paid for and she suggested I pay for them online. I explained I was unable to pay for them online and wanted to pay for them through her. She explained that in order for her to do that, she would have to release the seats and they might get reserved by someone else. Since that was the only way I could pay for the seats, I approved releasing the seats - and within seconds the representative said the seats were gone. She did rebook us in three seats together, but the thought of sitting in those horribly cramped seats is something all three of us are I gave a 1 point overall rating because this page required a rating. Otherwise, I would have not have given any points!
  Pisa to Istanbul. Turkish Airlines cancelled flight without even informing me. They offered full refund. That would have only costed me double the money, given the fact I did not want to be more late. I went to Pisa airport to get my tickets only to find out that I am not in the system even after changed information of my schedule. The staff took 4 hours to figure out this issue. They don't know how to do their job. Crew members would forget the last people on the seats and not serve coffee to us. I recommend not to use Turkish Airlines.
  
Chicago to Zagreb via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines' service out of O'Hare has become  better now that it uses Boeing 777. There was more room than before. The check-in process, amenities kit, in-flight service, food, drinks, and entertainment system were all solid. There were more lavatories, and nicer headphones were provided. My connections to and from Zagreb were on an Airbus, which was more than adequate for the shorter flights. The in-flight service was excellent. Given the low fares that Turkish has been offering recently, the value has been very high. 
  I was traveling from Mumbai to Djibouti via Istanbul. I reached Istanbul 10.45 am. My next flight to Djibouti was 10.40 pm. So it was like 12 hours I was there in Ataturk Airport. I had been there on the desk of Turkish Airlines for Food and Rest room they said system is not working come after 1 hour i had been there after an hour again they said come back after an hour.  I requested them at least dont provide me food but i need rest room they said not possible.  I requested them again and again they was keep saying system is not working we cant help you. There was like 15-20 people with me. But the behavior of Turkish Airlines staff was rude. Then after few hours I went again then I requested them for food they said you can go to Restaurant and buy. I told them this is not the way to reply.
  I was travelling from Antalya to Istanbul on 9th May 2108 Scheduled at 16:50 which was delayed till 18:20 take off, and had a connecting flight at 20:15 to London as our final destination. We had 1 hour and 45 mins delay from Antalya to Istanbul causing us to miss our connecting flight to London. We had not missed the flight completely but as we got to the gate the airport security said they cannot let us board the plane as Turkish Airlines have stop anyone from boarding 15 mins prior to take off.  I  spoke to the management in Antalya in regards to a possibility of missing our connection flight at the rate the delay was going. The staff was so calm and collective to say its all fine, you will be on the flight without issue. Bear in mind, hardly any of Turkish airlines staff on ground level can speak fluent English!. I wasn't to assured by his statement. No one in the Airport was helpful and wished to direct or instruct us in what can be done etc. These guys have no customer service or communication skills whatsoever. Just for a few mins of lack of management caused me and my family to wait another 12 hours for the next flight with no consideration about children at all. We was sent to hotel very late to get 2 hours rest with no food or drink and to top it off no luggage with us. Turkish airlines also lost my baby stroller which did not come out of with our baggage so I have had to fill out a form which mentioned someone will be in touch in 24-48 hours and  no calls whatsoever and its been 6 days.
  On a recent ‘round-trip’ experience, Denpasar - Budapest, I found myself in multiple disappointing (borderline traumatic) situations with Turkish Airlines. When checking in on my return flight in Budapest in May, 2018, I was told that my return ticket had been cancelled. As a result, I was forced to pay an additional $1,600 to purchase a new one-way ticket on the same flight. Below is a description of what had happened. In April, on the third leg of my flight from Denpasar to Budapest, I missed the flight in Istanbul due to confusion at the gate - poor communication and gate location (ie. heavy traffic surrounding this specific gate, the sitting area hosted multiple flights, unclear instructions and lack of announcements, etc). I had been sitting at the gate for an hour when they started boarding, but was only alerted when priority boarding started --- no more announcements or callouts were made thereafter. When the line began to peter out I started to get a bit concerned, but because there were still so many people sitting around me, which I had presumed they were waiting for the same plane, and no final announcements or staff had called out, I didn’t move forward. However, at that time I did ask the people around me what flight they were waiting for, but they just shook their heads and said they did not speak English. At this point I was growing quite concerned and so I ran to the closest Turkish Airlines staff I could find, at a nearby counter. When I showed him my ticket, he began shouting (actually) at me and said that the gate was now closed and I had to go downstairs to the transfers desk. This was only a minute or two after the gate had been closed. I ran downstairs, showed them my ticket and asked what could be done. They said that I had to purchase a new ticket - no alternative was given. To do so, they ordered me to purchase a visa and exit through customs. When outside, I first rushed to ticketing at Turkish Airlines where an employee stated that I had to purchase a new ticket, but that he could not do anything for me and to go see the Turkish Airlines check-in desk. I then proceeded to the check-in desk at Turkish Airlines and they said that I had to purchase a new ticket. At no time I was told that this would render my return flight invalid, and no other information was given. I tried the help-phone for Turkish Airlines as well, but there was no dial tone and no-one was in the area to provide assistance. I finally had to purchase a one way ticket from Istanbul to Budapest for 200 Euros for a flight later that day. To add insult to injury, the Turkish Airlines staff was appalling - I was yelled at and belittled on numerous occasions. I've read other reviews and some have said that Turkish Airlines employees are inhumane, and to be honest, I agree - note: this is specific to the Istanbul Airport staff. My original ticket was over $1,400, and this whole ordeal has cost me an additional $2000. I reached out to Turkish Airlines and although they responded in a timely fashion, they were unhelpful and clearly had not read my story. Furthermore, the avenue of communication they use - feedback forms only, make it very difficult to communicate with them. I suppose that is what they want!
  Our flight TK0775 Muscat to Istanbul was delayed about 1h 10 minutes and we missed our connected flight to Brussels. We were transferred to the next flight to Brussels TK1943 from 12:45 but due to mechanical problems only leaved Istanbul around 16:00. Our complain was answered by thy customer service within one week apologising for the inconvenience and offering a fair financial compensation. Refund has been done by Brussels sales department correctly. Delays are uncomfortable but probably inevitable with the crowded airspace and we can only appreciate the understanding and correct way our claim was handled.
  Amsterdam to Seoul via Istanbul. I’m a Turkish Airlines Elite Plus (Platinum) member for the past 5 years. Turkish Airlines used to be great compared to most airlines with great service and amazing food. Unfortunately things have changed for the worse and in the past year or two their level has dropped down quite dramatically and I am now starting to look to change and stop flying with Turkish Airlines. Business class food used to be amazing, it used to rival Qatar Airways and some first class food in other airlines. Food level has dropped to the ground and is average minus compared to many other airlines. I have spoken to quite a few cabin chiefs and they all confirm that many passengers are complaining about the deterioration in their business class food and that management is aware of this problem. Quite sad. Business class seats are relatively aged compared to the better airlines. While other airlines have moved forward, Turkish has stayed behind. There is no privacy, and the configuration is an outdated 2-3-2 (B777) - I assume this won’t be changing as it very expensive to change seat configuration. It seems like prices are constantly going up and while Turkish used to compete with the likes of Swiss or Lufthansa, prices these days are typically higher on Turkish Airlines. Service on board is mostly good with the onboard staff mostly very friendly and caring. Airplane age can be a hit or a miss with some very old and some reasonably new. In flight entertainment is typically pretty good.
  Boston to Toronto and then Toronto to Istanbul to Kathmandu, all booked as a single ticket via Turkish airlines. As soon as I arrived to my connecting flight with AQir Canada for check in, they told me I could not board the flight because I did not have a visa. I told them I did not intend to stay in Canada but just transit and usually the transit visa is given at the airport or online. However, the staff told me that as a Nepal citizen I could only get the visa if I go to the consulate in New York and do the necessary paperwork. Worried I decided to contact the Turkish airlines customer service. I called about 20 times with no avail. The call kept going to an automatic response. Really worried I decided to go to terminal E to meet the Turkish airlines staff in person. To my surprise, no one was there. I contacted the help desk and they told me that the Turkish airlines staff will be there only after 7 pm but my flight was to leave at 5 pm. Desperately looking for options, I went around the airport talking to every staff I came across, explaining my situation and they all told me only the (non-existent) Turkish staff could help me. Fast forward to 7 pm, (already forced to meet miss my actual flight) I finally meet the ticketing staff of Turkish airlines. I explained her my situation and tell her how I am a student planning to go home and I have already brought a connecting domestic flight back in Nepal to go from Kathmandu to home and that if I did not make this flight I would lose that ticket too. Then all she does is to tell me that I should have known that Canada requires a visa and that it is my fault. Stunned at her response, I tried to reason with her about how it is unreasonable to expect the customer to know this beforehand and that it is the airlines responsibility to let the customer know of such peculiar cases. After discussing for several minutes, she tells me that there is another flight leaving directly from Boston to Istanbul and that there is only one seat left and it will cost me USD 691 to transfer to this flight. Also she told me that if I had called the customer service immediately after this happened and changed the flight, I would not have had to pay the fine. (which is odd because my customer service call was never answered). I felt betrayed and sad at how the people who are supposed to help you make your life miserable. Although the hospitality of the staff in the plane was good, I felt deeply unsatisfied because of what I had to go through. This is easily the worst travel experience of my life yet.
 The ground staff were very nice and polite. However, the flight was slightly delayed and for 35 wheelchair passengers there were only 5 people to push them, slowing the boarding process even more at Pearson. The lines were chaos during boarding at Pearson. People did not even stay in systematic lines and they were just "hogging" to board like a crowd and the ground staff didn't do anything about it. But thankfully they could announce star alliance gold and business passengers first. At least I could get a lot of space to put my bag. The inflight service was excellent. Excellent selection of movies for a 10 hour flight to Istanbul, delicious and well-presented food, clean bathrooms and prompt staff. When my inflight entertainment system froze during the flight, a flight crew promptly responded and fixed it. Same with when I asked for tea mid-flight. However, the wifi was really bad, it didn't work at all. The cabin crew were very friendly. The same applies with the connecting inflight service till Mumbai. However, the boarding was a lot better at Istanbul, as we could thankfully board from the aerobridge than the bus. Overall, I enjoyed the experience on Turkish Airlines and would love to fly with them again.
  Istanbul to Athens. Overall flight was great. Most of staff was friendly. Bought tickets 6 months in advance so not happy that seats were changed to accommodate another family, therefore I wasn’t able to sit with my family. Not happy at all. Therefore my rating would be very low.
 Dusseldorf to Mumbai via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines used to be a premium airline for economy passengers. However, over the years they have just become horrible. I was flying from Dusseldorf to Mumbai, they cancelled the first leg of my ticket from Dusseldorf to Istanbul without my consent or without informing me. I spent 9 hours and heaven knows how much money in calling up their customer service before the day of the journey in getting this sorted and getting the ticket re-issued. The in-flight services were very poor, poor in-flight entertainment, cabin crew was rude and food was awful (on one of my 4 flights they served only meal which was non-veg and insisted that one has to pre-book "special meals"). Any international flight has and should have at least two choices of meals - veg and non-veg. I am surprised how fast this airline has deteriorated after being a great one for a few years. Never again. Beware folks.
  Istanbul to Podgorica. Both flights were on time. Smooth check in. New aiircraft and very clean. Staff friendly enough and even for the short distance we had drink and food. Nothing to complain.
  Los Angeles to Tehran via Istanbul. Unfortunately this airline is getting worse and worse by the day. They used to be good in service and food. They served us cold and tasteless food although they have 1-2 chefs walking around. Their seats are narrow, cramped and very uncomfortable. If the passenger in front of you recline his/her seat, you can't use the tray in front of you. The space is too cramped. The bathrooms are filthy after a few hours and it is not really the flight attendants job to clean the bathrooms while serving the food with the same gloves. The flights from Istanbul to Tehran in both directions were terrible. The flight attendants were condescending to the fellow passengers. It wasn't just this trip. It is also the only airline flying to US has the longest immigration checkpoints before boarding the plane. 3 people checks your passport and 1 checks your carry-on. Everyone gets checked.
  Istanbul to Lisbon. My family and I arrived 3 hours before the flight in order to check in and deliver our luggage. The assistant at the desk told us we couldn’t get seats and his only explanation was ‘this flight is horrible’ and refused to give any further explanation. He gave us ‘standby’ boarding passes. At the boarding gate we were put aside and made wait for everyone else to get on board. There were 7 people in our situation and among them a pregnant lady that was treated with absolutely no respect! Since there was no one giving up the flight we had to stay and fly on the next day because we were sold tickets that didn't exist.  We had bought this reservation for more than a month before the flight and suddenly they tell us there is no place for us? A Company has to make sure everyone is seated and flies at the time and date they reserved. Overbooking generates a lot of serious consequences.
  Istanbul to Los Angeles. We booked a window seat on exit row and paid the premium for the reservation. At the time of checking, I was told that the reservation could not be found. I showed them a copy of my itinerary with the assigned seat however all I could hear was that they couldn't help me. They end up giving me a middle seat, very narrow cramped seat between two athletic gentlemen that I could not move for 14 hours. I have been taking Turkish Airlines with many years and I found out that their level of service, food and customer service is getting worse and worse over the years. I promised myself never fly with Turkish airlines again.
  Singapore to Dusseldorf via Istanbul. I fly to Asia on business 5-6 times a year and Turkish Airlines has always been my preferred airline. Until I got stuck for two days at IST airport during the military coup 2 years ago. But that's a different story altogether. I now tried Turkish Airlines again on a business trip to Singapore and could not believe how much the airline has changed to the worse. The planes on all 4 legs return was old and worn (don't know the type), old and smelly blankets, the food was by far not what it used to be, uncomfortable seats, totally unorganized transit lanes through customs, which nearly caused me to miss the onward flight. Staff was nice and friendly though. Unfortunately, I have already booked another business trip to Shanghai in July, but this will be the last one with Turkish Airlines. Back to Emirates again, which are way better in every criteria and not much more expensive.
 We keep hearing good reports of Turkish Airlines from our friends. Was it up to expectations? Flew London Heathrow to Istanbul Airport and return: The flights departed on time and arrived on time. There was good hot food on the flight served by helpful and warm staff. The inflight entertainment was adequate and it showed a good promotional tourist video of Turkey. We had a good experience with Turkish Airlines - Highly recommended.
 Düsseldorf to Kathmandu via Istanbul. Poor service, big problems checking in two properly packaged bikes, properly weighed, and we had a confirmation. Got sent from desk to desk with disinformation. Almost missed our flight. Never flying Turkish again. Had to pay extra for something already paid for, we where at the airport plus 2 hours in advance and still almost missed the flight.
  I recently flew Turkish Airlines (to/from South Africa via Istanbul), and upon boarding my return flight Johannesburg to Houston via Istanbul and due to their gate security not recognizing my paperwork, I was denied entry onto my flight. Okay, so besides legalities as far as letting me on board even though USCIS confirmed my correct paperwork and Turkish Airlines refused to let me speak to a supervisor. I was treated horrifically, both by their ground staff and corporate office. No one knew who the hell to speak to as far as how their own offices, gates, officers etc worked. I was told I would be taken to the Turkish Airlines Lounge where I would have a computer and phone I could use and gather my thoughts and help, no. I was taken from one gate to the next for several hours, then taken in by security and held there for the next several hours. I was then told I had to go to the denied office and I would be assisted there, to which no assistance was available. They literally said when I asked if they knew who I could contact, “there is a phone and computer, google your help.” I arrived at 5am, and left the airport that evening at 10:45pm after no help from Turkish Airlines. When I asked instead of being held here in Turkey if they would fly me back to South Africa they said no. I tried to ask about booking a flight to Germany where my other citizenship is, and they told me they would not let me because my end destination was in the United States. I then worked on trying to get accommodation close by, after being in the airport for a day and half, coffee shop for a day/night as I had no where to go and then finally find accommodation. Finally when gathering my paperwork, Turkish airlines then refused to even honor the ticket they denied me entrance on, so I had to find an extra $600, post $575 I had paid to get an interview with the Embassy, and accommodation costs, as a part-time student, they simply emailed me with the audacity of speaking to me like an incompetent person. I am sorry Turkish Airlines, even though the flight experience was decent, with edible food, drink and entertainment, the manner in which you treated me is beyond appalling.
  Pristina to Islamabad via Istanbul. Worst experience ever with the ground staff. They are rude. And have no desire to help out. I arrived and asked for a meal voucher. To which the lady said. No working. Come later. I asked why and how much later. And she started to show irritation and anger. So I asked her why she was raising her voice. And she said. I get angry at you because you don’t understand. This electricity issue and not personal. I even asked why they don’t have a manual process for this. And she told me to go away! 
  Dubai to Hanover via Istanbul. I had a very short connection to begin with (70 minutes). When we reached Istanbul, the plane taxied away and a bus brought us to the terminal. Entrance to terminal was jam packed with passengers from other flights. It took us 20 minutes to make us inside the terminal. Next the international transfer security check was overwhelmed with passengers. I tried talking to the staff to let me go first but they said stay where you are in the lane - all passengers say that same things to go first. As a result I missed my connection. I went to the transfer desk for Turkish Airline. The lady said he will get me fixed on the next flight that leaves in three hours. She said I should wait while she gets a new boarding pass. I waited and waited. Followed up 5 times. Each time I was told not to worry and its being done. After 3 hours - a gentleman from Turkish Airways told me that it was my fault that I missed the connection. 1 hour was more than enough to get the connection. I explained to him the reasons but he said still fault is mine! I asked him if this is what the case is than why I was made to wait for 3 hours? He had no answer to that and stopped talking to me. he said he can give me next day flight and refused to answer me further. He refused to pay for my visa and hotel as well. 
 New York JFK to Istanbul. This is the first and last time I will ever book with this airline! Ever! Flight has been delayed twice now. The weather is beautiful out, the plane is at the gate, so it’s safe to assume it’s due to a scheduling (administrative) issues. No excuse! If I miss my connecting flight, then this review is only the beginning of my complaints!
  Istanbul to Sarajevo. My family and myself are having the worst possible nightmare in the Istanbul Airport. We were delayed on boarding by two unprofessional Turkish Airlines staff member who without even telling us, requested our bags to be thrown out of our airplane. When we saw that, we started asking questions and were simply told that we will be flying later - no reason explained or apology given. As a reward for our trust in them we are just completing our 24 hours stay at the Istambul Airport asking ourselves why we where prevented from taking the flight.
  Kayseri to Istanbul. Flown with this airline twice this month and both experiences were very good. The boarding was very organized and the plane left on time. The seats were spacious and comfy. The best part is definitely the food service, even for a short flight we were provided with a sandwich and drink for free. One of my favourite airlines.
 On time departure from IAD and smooth connection in IST for onward flight to VIE. FAs need to improve their English which is surprisingly poor given the airline's global reach. Almost without fail, each time I asked for a drink "full of ice" and motioned with my hands to show a glass brimming with ice, I got a drink without any ice at all. Other interactions with crew were found to be lacking given low English proficiency. The cockpit announcement on the IST-VIE sector was almost completely unintelligible. Food was fairly good, but no better than QR or a number of other carriers. On the return, IST-IAD, a very rude passenger in 3E (I was in 4K) began berating me when I dared to use the overhead bin above his seat which was directly across from my seat. All other bins were full with either bedding for the sleep service or other pax's luggage. He shouted at me "Why are you using my bin", to which I replied, "it isn't your bin, it is for business class passengers". He continued to berate me. I told him to be quiet and reported it to the chief purser who did nothing.
  Cairo to San Francisco with a connection in Istanbul. The flight from Cairo was delayed, which made us too late to make the connection in Istanbul. The worst part is that in Istanbul, they put the arriving on a passengers on a slow bus instead of a tarmac to reach the gate and makes it easy to miss the connecting flights. After missing the connection, we had to spend about another 90 minutes at the customer service desk to get on the flight the next day. Turkish Airlines did pay for the hotel stay as well as dinner and breakfast, but it was still an inconvenience. Then, on the flight the next day, there was yet another delay due to mechanical errors. Unbelievable how unpleasant this flight was.
  Taipei via Istanbul to Bremen with Turkish Airlines. It was probably the worst flight experience I had. The flight was supposed to leave late at night and the staff kept delaying it due to a technical reason in half an hour steps until about 4 am (6 hours late). I talked to a woman who flew the same route to Bremen and got upgraded to business class. Due to the delay I missed my connection in Istanbul and had to deal with the rudest customer service who wanted to give me a flight the next day (which was already my birthday that I tried to get home for in time) after lining up with several other passengers even though the airline knew for 15 hours that I would not be able to make my connecting flight. Only after arguing and looking up different options myself they booked me on a different flight to Bremen via Frankfurt. The rest of the waiting time in Istanbul i just felt terrible because no one should be mistreated by such customer service after the airline messed up on several ends already. But it gets worse! After finally arriving at Bremen airport with a total delay of 10 hours the airline confirmed that their customer service can be even worse. I wrote a feedback about my whole trip and how bad their staff handled the situation and asked why some passengers get a business class upgrade and some don’t. I also applied to the passenger rights posted on their website where in my case they offered 600€ compensation. I cannot tell the emails in detail but it went on for 3 months and they just kept trying to find excuses. First of all they claimed that the delay has been beyond their control. At the gate it said the delay was due to technical reason (I even sent a picture as proof) which is not beyond an airlines control. About the rude customer service and delay policy they didn’t really say anything besides offering to pay for my coffee in Istanbul. This confirmed to me that they just don’t care about their customers. And finally, they said there has been no passenger upgraded on the flight.  These are just some parts of the argument I had with Turkish airlines over the last three months. They don’t stick to their promises and they have no interest in providing you a good travel experience. They don’t even stick to their compensation policy posted on their website. Things can go wrong, that’s just how it is. But how Turkish Airlines handles a situation like this really shows what you get with this airline. I thought never again but had one more flight with them from Bremen to Cairo via Istanbul in April.  The flight got cancelled after boarding the plane and I arrived in Istanbul 9 hours late. Then planned sightseeing tour couldn’t be done anymore and the hotel was booked for nothing. As I already expected, I had to deal with Turkish Airlines ground staff in Istanbul again.  Worst airline I have ever taken!
  Beijing to Istanbul. TK uses a third party to handle their ground formalities in Beijing and need to be aware of the terribly rude and substandard service by check-in and gate agents. My check-in was processed by an agent who was abrupt and surly who conversed with a colleague throughout the check-in process. At the gate we were told there was a 30 minute delay although none of the monitors showed it. As with most departures in China boarding was chaotic with priority lanes being used by all passengers. The flight took off 2.5 hours late despite the gate agents insistence that the delay was only for 30 minutes. On board the crew were friendly and professional. The seat was OK in upright position but uncomfortable in lie flat position due to worn out cushion. Food was tasty but the wine list is in need of a refresh as they have been serving the same selection for 2 years. IFE has a good selection but I opted for sleep given the very late departure time. Lavatories were in decent shape but the sink could have used a bit more attention. Due to late departure, the flight landed late resulting in many missed connections. Although the delay was not really the airline’s fault as Beijing was having a late winter snowfall, the communications around it were totally misleading. For instance the captain referred to de-icing being completed in 5 minutes’ time when no de-icing equipment were in sight. Overall it was a mediocre to OK flight.
  Bangkok to Berlin via Istanbul. Even I had an exit row seat the comfort of the seat itself was really bad. The headrest was not adjustable and my entertainment system was broken, so I had to hold my screen. No compensation like free WiFi was offered, so I could not use my tablet for entertainment. They had a menu to choose from lamb and beef but there was only beef available when they arrived at my row. Compared to other airlines the staff also hasn't been friendly, so I would not recommend this airline.
  Riyadh to Istanbul. They rescheduled my flight with the short notice and I had to stay at the airport for four hours waiting for my flight and I had to pay extra money. On top of that I arrived four hours later then my expected arrival where I had to take a taxi instead of my brother picking me up. In the airplane I wanted to charge my phone but there was no outlet nor USB port. 
 Pretty bad. The food was served by a man wearing a chef's hat, but it was burnt and tasteless. Ironically, this was the first and only time I have been served burnt food on a plane. The server was pompous, and rude to his female colleagues who were helping him serve the food. Another male air hostess was consistently rude to female staff members, and to my wife. On several occasions he asked me (a man sitting in a middle seat) if I wanted a drink, but ignored my wife who was sitting next to me on an aisle seat. In fact, I had to call him back to ask for water for her. I was looking forward to travelling with "Europe's Favourite Airline", and was very disappointed with the service. I will do my best to avoid travelling with Turkish Airlines in the future.
  Gatwick to Antananarivo via Istanbul. Never again. The food was disgraceful on the outward flight. I was bumped from my seat, despite having pre booked it 5 months previously. On arrival my suitcase had one wheel missing, only the lining prevented the contents from spilling out. I obtained a damage report and tried to visit the Turkish Airlines office in the airport twice during my stay. Never open. Before boarding for the return flight I tried to get the airline to at least cover my suitcase with a plastic wrapping. They were beyond insolent. On arrival at Gatwick the other wheel was missing. I went to the Turkish Office and they said a new case would be delivered to my home address in a week. Over 2 weeks and still no sign. Instead multiple emails requesting I fill out forms I have given all the evidence requested. Still no compensation, prevarication all the time emails that one can’t reply to. Turkish Airlines have ruined my case, it is irreparable. 
  Boston to Tehran via Istanbul. I had one of my worst experience (if not the worst) with Turkish Airlines. I would be a couple pages if I write exactly how many mistakes their agents made and how I got ripped off because of their mistakes! When I first checked in my bag the agent couldn't find my second flight so didn't issue me the boarding pass for that flight and told me I should get boarding pass when I arrive in Istanbul. She first said I should claim my bag in Istanbul and then changed it and said I should claim it in my final destination. In Istanbul, I was told by an agent to wait in a line for boarding pass and when I reached front desk the person there said she couldn't find my ticket! Again, after I showed my online booking she said that because my flight is from the other airport I should go there and get my boarding pass! I then rushed to the other airport which is around 1-2 hours drive far (because I waited around 3 hours in that line to get my boarding pass!!) only to find out that my bag was left at the previous airport that I arrived! So I missed my flight, had to pay to reschedule fee, and had to go back to the previous airport to claim my bag. I told them that I don't want to reschedule with them and she said if I don't I basically forfeit my return flight! So, I had to pay a fee that was about 10 times higher than a single other flight that I could book at the same time with another airline! Back in the first airline, also I had so hard time to find my bag! Noone at this airlines knows what they are doing apparently. It's totally crazy. When I claimed my bag it was obvious that they made a mistake. They ripped off a part of it and wrote the destination by hand (took pictures of that as well to file a complaint). Not to mention that I got ripped off also by the airport taxi for 20 times of what I should have paid them (as I was in a hurry and didn't know the exchange rate and wanted not to miss my other flight although I had already missed it as my bag was not there). This is one of the worst and incompetent airlines that I traveled with.  The only scenario that I can think of that you will have a pleasant flight is if nothing and absolutely nothing wrong or just a bit uncommon happens. Nobody knows what they are doing and it's surprising. Even when I wanted to find my bag at the previous airport when I went there, I talked to at least 5 Turkish Airlines agent about it and everyone was sending me to a different direction and was saying a different thing. My experience couldn't be worse.
 Booked to fly Turkish Airlines from Madrid to Alexandria via Istanbul. Worst flight service of my past 5 years. I chose this flight specifically due to its catchy price and most importantly short transit time as I have a family with 1 year old son. Flight from Madrid was delayed by 5 hours (flew 11.30 pm instead of 6.15 pm) since it was not possible to catch my connection flight they booked me the next trip 12.55 pm (an extra night and almost 9 hours transit time). Arrived into Istanbul and my baby was extremely tired, asked Turkish information desk for a place to spend the night but a rude employee told me go to the public restrooms. They were extremely uncomfortable so I went back and asked again, this time they gave me 5 hours lounge stay where again it was impossible to sleep. Overall a horrible nightmare experience. Rude employees who don't have any ideas on how to satisfy a customer. 
  Bangkok to Houston via Istanbul. After avoiding them for a few years I decided to try them again, though if I had read the reviews here I would not have. Same experience,  impressive website not quite working. I booked my ticket entering my United FF number noticing it kept adding the TK airline code. Then I saw they offered chauffeur driven service for pick up and drop off. I could only get to it after logging into my TK miles & smiles account. After lengthy email exchange I was told my one way business class ticket for > 2,000 $ was too cheap for this that is still ok but very low. I noticed my record showed my TK ff number, which I do not use as I collect bonus miles on UA. So on Checking in BKK I verified they had my US number they confirmed and even read it back to me. In ISt I noticed my TK account has miles deposited so I emailed, no reply. : After arrival I again noticed TK had deposited the miles  obviously I lost all my gold bonus.: So I called TK - what a nightmare to even find a phone number and a person. They were initial quite abrupt and unwilling to help. A few days later I blunt rejection letter there was nothing they could do My response. 
  New York to Tel Aviv via Istanbul was on time, as were 4 segments of my itinerary. Cabin staff solicitous ,helpful and polite. Catering out of JFK was particularly good, the onboard "chefs" a nice touch even if they really aren't preparing much fresh food. We were seated on the side, 2 abreast, which was good as the center section of 3 across does not look appealing. The seats are relatively open, not affording much privacy, but the amount of storage is more than very sufficient, and the seat comfort when in the flat position, including the "bedpad", comforter and pillow more than adequate. The lounge in Istanbul was quite good, being on two levels with many interesting and well prepared food stations. We were also given two private sleeping rooms in the lounge for our 5 hour transit, a very nice touch. All in all, Turkish seems to offer a solid business class product, superior to US airlines in staff attitude, on time performance, speed of baggage delivery and overall efficiency.
  Mauritius to Dublin via Istanbul. I have flown Turkish Airlines a few times now in business. The business seats are side by side lie flats and not the more modern individual spaces found on most long-haul airlines. So, privacy is an issue. The chef in my opinion not a professionally trained chef but more a steward. The idea is a not a bad one as it gives the impression of a more dedicated service. However, the food is quite poor, and the drinks offered not a large selection. The staff were all very pleasant to me. Arriving at IST the business lounge, supposedly the best in the world, was closing. I arrived at 12.10 and the girl told me they were closed. I wrote to Turkish and after a large exchange of emails I gave up. They insisted it was open. I was there, it was closed!! Their website is a mess, their mobile site a disaster and their customer service appalling.  They destroyed my new bag. I got the replacement quote and they offered me half. Why should they ask me to pay half towards a bag they wrecked? This has changed my attitude towards Turkish and they are not my chosen airline any longer. 
 Flew from Izmir to Bangkok via Istanbul and return on same route. Food was excellent, service was very good. Especially male crew on both flights, they were very friendly and willing to do everything as perfect as possible.  Heard them speaking with other customers with good English skills. Entertainment with lots of choice. Very comfortable seats which can be changed to a bed with one button or to different positions and I slept well on the long flights. The lounge in Istanbul is amazing and also The Eva Air lounge in Bangkok that Turkish Airlines passengers can use was very classy. I enjoyed eating in both of them. Overall I can recommend Turkish Airlines Business class. It was a pleasure. The only small minus was on the Turkey legs I didn't feel acknowledged during boarding being a business class passenger.
  Berlin to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. Check in at TXL was smooth. We were bussed to a A330 for the first leg to IST. The IFE screens were not working for half of the seats in the main cabin. Also not during the safety instructions and I was shocked to see that the cabin crew did not ensure passengers were given a demonstration instead or checked if seat belts were fastened and specific rows were cleared of hand luggage. The crew could also learn a bit more English and be a bit friendlier overall. IST-KUL was on a Boeing 777 and certainly more comfortable. The crew was more present, is TK a hit or miss? The IFE is great (when it works) and they certainly serve excellent food! IST is a nightmare but that's another review.
  Mumbai to Houston via Istanbul. My bag was misplaced/lost by Turkish Airlines and it took more than one month to get my bag. The airline was not even interested in contacting me or updating me. I repeatedly explained to them that more than anything else, my important medications which I needed to take on a daily basis were in the bag. Fortunately, some of the medications, which my husband had in his possession, were couriered to me from New York. To cut a long story short, finally after my bag reached its destination, instead of the airline delivering the bag, I had to collect it from La Guardia airport. Turkish Airlines boasts of being the best airline in Europe but I do not agree to this. I am sure there are more passengers who must have faced similar problems that I went through.
 Don't be fooled by good food and new aircraft. Only when you face a problem you can see the quality of services. And I (Business class traveller and Elite Gold member) have a very long list of stories of very poor services. 1) 8 days today and I am without my only checked in bag during my flight to Houston and Turkish Airlines simply not doing anything except sending a message every few days saying they are investigating. I have no clothes for 8 days and Turkish Airlines are refusing even to compensate me for the lost bag. 2) When we changed our travel date due to a medical emergency supported by a letter from the hospital, Turkish Airlines charged me and my wife 1200 extra dollars per ticket and refused to waive any fees due to the medical emergency like all other reputable airlines. 3) On a number of occasions I missed my connections due to late arrival to Istanbul (on Turkish Airlines) and Turkish Airlines refused to take any resposibility for missing my meetings by flying me on a different airlines flight. This is happening to business class travellers, imagine if you fly economy. Very poor Airline.
  Moscow to Manila via Istanbul. Good flight from Moscow to Istanbul. Comfortable seats with reasonable recline. Flight left and landed on time. Cabin staff functioned well with announcements in Turkish, Russian and English. A good lunch was served with appropriate sized portions. IFE had a fair selection of films available. Istanbul to Manila a fair flight. Dinner was served at the beginning of the flight and chef did not present any alternatives when the main course that I wanted was not available so I slept and woke up relatively early. I had an early breakfast (this was quite adequate, although I would have liked a little more given no dinner the previous night). No further food was offered. I think that the airline would be better off allowing passengers going straight to sleep and then having breakfast and lunch as the two meals on this long flight. Overall the quality of the service from Istanbul to Manila was a little lower than previous long haul flights in business class.
  Istanbul to Tel Aviv return. Ground staff very helpful in boarding the flight. Both flights left and arrived on time. The planes were clean and modern and the flights uneventful. The seats were comfortable and with adequate leg room and recline. Food was reasonable and the portions were satisfactory. Cabin staff were efficient and the meal was served early on both flights. On the return flight the check in worked well. I was given priority because I was transferring to Business Class for the second leg. Overall I was happy with the standard of service and the flights.
  Houston to Dubai via Istanbul. My nightmare started when I missed my connecting flight from Istanbul going to Dubai. I was sent from one person to another there after and subsequently had a buy a visa ($30) at the airport in other to get to their ticket counter. At the ticket counter, the guy at the booth told me I had to pay $600 penalty for missing my flight and then another $2000 for a new ticket because I bought my ticket from an agent. There was no talking to him after that as he dismissed me when I told him there was no way I could pay him $2600. With the help of a very kind gentleman at the airport, I purchased another ticket to Dubai with Air Arabia. I had to leave Ataturk airport via taxi ($60) to another airport called Sabiha to catch the flight to get to Sharjah International and then subsequently to Dubai. When I went online to check, I was told my return was valid and secured and I even called the customer service line twice and was informed that I was checked in for my return. I was able to check in online and even change my seat for the return flight. I arrived at DXB airport at 4am February 22nd morning, waited for the check in counter to open at 5:20am to check in, only to be told by the agent at the desk that I could not fly out with them. He told me that since I broke the sequence and did not pay the $2600 in Turkey, my ticket was no longer valid. He also told me that they had neither a customer service counter nor a ticket counter in Dubai so my only option was to call the same customer service that previously assured me that I was confirmed to fly back to Houston with their airline. I had to be back in Houston so I had no choice but to purchase another ticket with Emirates. I had to take a shuttle to terminal 3, bought a one way business class ticket for $5440 just to make it back to Houston.  Telling a passenger to pay $2600 for missing a connection is unconscionable. The staff are rude and inhumane, Ataturk airport is chaotic and Turkish Airlines does not care about its passengers regardless of if you're flying business class or economy.
 Houston to Istanbul. Very poor staff interaction, in both the aircraft and Istanbul airport, it’s quite unenjoyable to be in such hostile environment. If you want to have proper communication with the staff, you better learn Turkish. I does appear that Turkish Airlines employees are not getting paid enough to treat people with respect. I believe they used to be the best airlines in Europe, now I am confident to say they are the worst in Europe.
 London to Istanbul. I am a frequent flyer who always travels with excess baggage up to 10 times a year internationally. As a result of the ultra punitive charges for excess baggage on the low cost carriers like Ryanair and EasyJet I prefer to travel with the normal carriers and was very keen to try Turkish Airlines as they have a good reputation and being a gold Emirates flyer I wanted to check the experience. How sad that they have such a horrific extra baggage policy. After battling to find anything on there site after booking my ticket I presumed that I would pay per piece and saw that there looked to be an $80 price on some flights. As I had already paid and unable to navigate there confusing baggage policy on line and unable to pay on line either I made my way to the airport. My ticket cost me approx £120 I went with 1 extra bag weighing exactly 23kg. I know how strict airlines are about this. I was horrified to be charged approx £230 for my extra bag. £110 more than my ticket and resulted in an increase in my costs by over 200%. I could have bought 2 extra tickets. How can this be justified? I immediately realized why there extra luggage policy on there website is difficult to navigate. Extra profits. Ryanair and Easyjet get such a bad rap for these sort of charges and they are open and upfront about them. To get stung with these at the airport and have them being double the cost of a ticket is truly blackmailing your customers. I learnt my lesson and will never travel this airline. Companies that force unjustified charges on unsuspecting customers should be held to account. Why is it so much? How can one bag cost double a ticket price? Shame on them.
  Jakarta to Istanbul. First impression is not so good when I saw rapid seat configuration, but when Chef on Board provide me food that I choose suddenly everything’s changed. The foods are really good. I will choose this airline again for flight of more than 3 hours and less than 8 hours.
  Istanbul to Guangzhou. One of the nicer things about Turkish Airlines is the free possibility to reserve a flight for a couple of days before booking it. We did, because we had our 3 month old daughter with us and desperately wanted her to be able to sleep in a baby bassinet and were ready to book any airline that could offer that. After reserving the flight we contacted Turkish Airlines helpdesk on Twitter (@TK_HelpDesk) to ask if they could reserve a bassinet for us and confirmed the ticket and paid after we were assured that would not be a problem. All fell apart 40 days later when we actually got on the plane and there were no bassinet seats available and the plane looked like it was fully booked. The crew asked a couple of people of they would want to change, but all refused. Later we learned they paid extra for the seats with the bassinets. A 10 hour night flight turned into a sleepless horror story trying to keep the baby balanced on our laps for hours. The space was so limited we had no possibility to eat a thing and without any possibility for air to flow things got really sweaty. After recovery at home we contacted the complaints department and quickly learned that they were only there for empty apologies. Turkish Airlines apparently decided to start selling the seats with the bassinets and decided not to bother with any of its previous commitments, just deleted them all without message or warning. Kind of baffled I inquired a few times again but somehow this multi-billion company kept insisting that breaching the contract with their customers was business as usual for them. Can't really do anything else then to warn as many people as possible not to trust this airline.
  Manchester to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. The first time I flew with Turkish Airlines and it was a disappointment. My flight from Manchester to Istanbul was delayed for an hour as some of the passengers could not follow simple instructions ie. seating at their assigned seats. This caused ruckus as some of them insisted on sitting on other people's seats which I found utterly ridiculous. The staff handled this poorly and kept shouting at everyone. The seat has narrow legroom and was uncomfortable. Even though it was a 4 hour flight to Istanbul, the plane was small and does not offer much space. There is only 2 toilets for economy class passengers and with people lining up to use the bathroom and staff trying to serve meals with the trolley, it was not a nice experiencel. The staff's English proficiency has room for improvement as I could not understand much from the announcements made and at one point I was given tomato juice after asking for mango juice. The in-flight meals and entertainment are satisfactory. I was lucky as even though the first flight was delayed for an hour, I managed to continue with the second flight to Kuala Lumpur. I however was not happy about the transit as the gate for my connecting flight was really far and then I had to ride the bus which took almost half an hour to reach the plane and was left to wait in the bus with the doors open (which was not a good idea as it was cold and windy early that morning) for another 15-20 mins before we were allowed to enter the plane. In conclusion, this was really a bad experience.
  Istanbul to London. Great flight. Lie flat seats and on demand IFE. The food and drinks were great, catered by Do&Co. Crew very friendly and obliging all with perfect English. This aircraft also had wifi which was free for business class. I was very much looking forward to visiting the lounge which i'd heard good things about. The lounge itself was amazing. Very vast with plenty of different areas. But it was extremely crowded, to the point that a lot of the food offerings were left empty for the hour I was in there. For a flight of only four hours was an absolute delight.
 Great flight for an intra-european flight from London Heathrow to Istanbul. Used the mobile app for check in and had hand baggage only so whizzed through terminal 2 at LHR. Refreshing to have a proper 'full service' airline within Europe. Free hot meal and drink, free IFE, free baggage check in. Very comfortable seat with ample legroom. Flight was on time, crew were friendly. Very satisfied.
  Tel Aviv to New York via Istanbul. Awful service on the Ground We had a family vacation, using Turkish airlines from Tel Aviv to JFK and then connecting with Copa. I won't comment on the flight or the service in the air, they were both great. But I was surprised at the ineptitude and lack of communication abilities of the ground crew, both in the Istanbul Lounge, and in the JFK transfer desk. My wife had the beginning of a cold on the plane and the eair pain was almost unbearable. Went to the Concierge at the Lounge to get some Ear Medicine, and they couldn't understand us. They sent us to the reception. Reception called the airport pharmacy, but couldn't manage to let them know what we needed. We waited for an hour for a pharmacist to show, and the liunge didn't care either way. They even complained that we should be grateful they were doing us a favor. Very dissapointed. But at JFK, it was even worse! We arrived after an 11 hour flight and had 6 hours to connect to Panama. We picked up our 8 large bags and 3 carryons, we go to the  airline interline bag counter. The clueless agent they had, told us that they couldn't accept the bags. That Turkish only had an alliance with JetBlue and with United, not with Copa. We told her that our bags had been ticketed from Tel Aviv to Copa with a Turkish airlines bag locator, and she still ignored it. She insisted there was no alliance between Turkish and Copa. We explained they were both Star Alliance, and it was like she didn't know what that meant. A supervisor didn't want to come down to the desk, and said we had to go to Copa. The agent wouldn't even call the Copa desk to see if they were open. After 20 minutes arguing, we had to get 3 baggage carts, take the Airtrain to terminal 4, to find out the Copa counter wouldn't open for 3 more hors. We had to wait with the bags for 3 hours, having a bite to eat at a dinner. All because of Turkish Airlines incompetence, because obviously when we explained to the Copa supervisor what happened, they said Turkish should've accepted the bags. Avoid Turkish connecting flights if you cann!
 We (me and my two kids - 7 and 6 years old) travelled to Malta for a holiday. I was very impressed with the on board product, nice seats with reasonable legroom, very friendly staff, excellent food and also excellent in-flight entertainment. The kids received toys from the stewardess (on both flights) and were happy the entire time. Connecting in Istanbul was OK, very crowded and gate logistics not very efficient, but understandable due to the small terminal from where we were shuttled to the plane with a bus. We did not check our bags and the staff were vocal on giving priority to overhead compartment for larger bags which suited us perfectly, this is something other airlines should think of. All in all a very pleasant trip with both departures on time and a solid performance of the airline. We will certainly choose Turkish for our next trip if possible.
 
Flew Turkish Airlines from Belgrade to Munich via Istanbul. Excellent airline, great food. The best European business class product definitely. Hard and soft product. On time. Best seats, best food, the best lounge, transfer. I love flying with them, because they recognize their loyal customers very well. 
  Chicago to Lagos via Istanbul. If you want to make changes to your flight Turkish Airlines requires you to go into their offices and show your credit card. Imagine how few people would fly Turkish airlines if you had to buy your ticket in person. The nearest office is hours away from me. I bought my ticket with my credit card online - why would I not be able to change it. I find this absurd. 
  Stockholm to Istanbul. Fast and friendly check-in agent. Time for a visit to the modest SAS Lounge (being Star Gold status) where there was a selection of light bites and drinks perfectly adequate for a pre-flight snack. Orderly boarding with priority boarding well handled. Inside the aircraft I first noticed the small size of the individual seat-back screens. But obviously airlines can’t just throw them all away when bigger and better ones come along. Hot meal served in flight - with a choice of two entrees and various drinks. Delay landing in Istanbul due to congestion - hopefully a thing of the past when the new airport opens. Bus to the terminal. Long queue for the Biz class immigration desk. To the right of it is a channel serving a continual line of Turkish Airlines crew. I don’t understand why the crew dont use the two adjacent but always empty Beogs electronic immigration gates, hence freeing up a second line for the high revenue fare paying passengers. Even after the queue there was a wait for the luggage to come up. Overall a good flight and thanks to the fare I found online, extremely good value. Even if I didn’t earn many “miles”.
  In Brussels we were informed that the flight had 30 mins delay. In fact we left Brussels more than a full hour  late. The flight was denied landing in IST and deviated to Ankara. We missed our connection to Panamà. There was no concern, no information, no help at all for my partner and me and other passengers in similar situation. No excuse for the nuisance caused. Everything we had to find out by ourselves. No compensation was offered, like a drink or coffee or a place to rest. The attitude of staff at the desk was far below standard; e.g. someone asked our names and then left without saying a word and never coming back. Finally we were sent around half of the orbit and spent more than 70 hours in planes and airports - via Sao Paulo, Buenos Aires to Panamà- where we could catch our flight to Cartagena, unfortunately without our luggage, that was missing.
 I fly Turkish on a regular basis in all classes and am a holder of the miles&smiles gold card. This flight from Istanbul to Berlin was full and despite being crammed boarding was quick and the catering on board efficient as always. Although a rather short trip you still have your on board entertainment system which nobody on European schedules has in addition to the meal choice. Knowing quite a few airlines and using them in various cabin classes and routes I can not understand how they can only score 6 out of 10. Reading most of the negative reviews its clear that either some do not know how to book or dont have the knowledge enough to compare to others.
  
Ground staff were very rude and shouted at people to force them to check in their luggage, they force you to check in your carry on bag even though the other bag you have is a laptop bag. Very bad service. People will understand the action behind this but this rude attitude is not understandable.
 Odessa to Taipei via Istanbul. We were supposed to fly but it never happened. We are still waiting for our outbound flight from Odessa 3 days after our scheduled trip. The reason was stated as bad weather conditions when our flight TK468 was canceled on the 2nd Feb, 2018. That's understandable since Odessa airport gets fog from week to week. What is not, is the fact our trip was shifted 3 days. And that is totally unacceptable. Nobody offered us a flight with other Star Alliance carrier on the same day (2nd Feb). Nobody tried to facilitate our plans to reach our destination on time or with a slight delay not a 3 day delay. Nobody issued an apology letter and a Flight Cancelation Notice. We had to head back to the Turkish Airlines office to issue one on our personal demand. Totally unacceptable service.
 Flew Turkish from Istanbul to Cairo. Flight was on time and rather uneventful but cabin attendants extremely rude shouting at passengers to board quickly. They were obviously stressed since it was a night flight but this has happened so often on TR flights. Good planes, decent food but incredibly rude cabin and ground staff. They lost last year the title of Europe's best carrier to Lufthansa which shows why. Customer service at Turkish Airways is very poor compared to other airlines.
 Cape Town to London via Istanbul. It’s a shame that Turkish Airlines use the Bidvest lounge at CPT because it’s one of those pay-to-enter places that’s stuffed with passengers gorging themselves with food. Boarding for the CPT – IST flight started an hour before take-off, which seemed excessive. The business class cabin has a utilitarian décor of shades of grey – no middle-eastern bling or graduated, coloured lighting here. The staggered 2:2:2 seating pattern affords reasonable privacy, although passengers in window seats still have to climb over their neighbour’s legs. Cabin crew use a counter at the front of the cabin to prepare the food and drink service; it’s probably best for that to be done behind the scenes. It was good to have WiFi, even if it was rather slow. The Bentley night bag, Denon noise-cancelling headphones and large-screen IFE with a touch-screen remote were impressive. So, too, was the separate menu card for ordering breakfast in advance. The food service got off to a flying start with LED candles, laying out one’s tray and then the starter options where wheeled past. In principle, one could have as much as one wanted. The meze and mushroom soup were delicious. Less good were the main courses, which were, curiously, both overcooked and barely warm. A trolley of desserts and a cheese plate restored one’s faith in the presence of the on-board chef. Wines were largely Turkish, but the cabin crew seemed clueless about them. The cabin crew in general were efficient but somewhat robotic. Announcements from the cockpit lacked the friendliness of British Airways pilots. Sleep was hindered by the over-hot cabin temperature and being woken three hours before landing for the breakfast service – at 3 a.m. But at least breakfast was a cut above the usual and a feta omelette was actually pleasant. Landing was on time and we were bussed separately to the terminal. The double-level Turkish Airlines CIP lounge is vast, offering 24/7 service, unbelievable square meterage and questionable activities to pass the time. I suspect that if anyone started playing the piano on the dais they’d be asked to desist in case it put the indoor golfers off their stroke. Frankly, it was all too much. For the second leg of IST – LHR, we were on a 777-300 with a 2:3:2 configuration in business class. Thankfully the cabin was less than a third full, so we opted out of a second breakfast and caught up with some sleep. Again, the luxury of a flat bed on a short-haul flight takes some beating. Overall, two good flights with an above average business class product but let down by the necessity of transit at IST at inconvenient times of the day.
  Flew from Stockholm to Tbilisi and back via Istanbul. Generally a very satisfying on-board experience with professional and notably friendly staff, good food (2 choices on a 3 hour intra-European flight is impressive) and a varied drink selection, comfortable seats. The ground experiences were less pleasant and included crowding at the gates, very annoying bus transfers from and to the plane at Istanbul Atatürk airport (hope this will become better when the new airport opens) and chaotic transit security at IST (which missed my filled water bottle. very concerning).
  At half the price for a return trip from Heathrow to Cape Town with other airlines, Turkish Airlines' business class offering was too tempting to pass by, even if there was the inconvenience of transiting via Istanbul Take-off for LHR to IST was delayed by an hour, which was a concern given that we had just 1 hr 40 minutes between the scheduled landing and take-off for the IST-CPT leg. Having the full flat-bed experience for a short-haul flight was a real luxury and Turkish Airlines win hands down for providing this. Food on board was adequate and of the standard that BA now provide in Club Europe. Wheeling a trolley around loaded with foil-topped main courses didn't seem the best way of using the sky chef on board. Landing at IST was delayed by congestion and we'd almost given up on making the next flight. Getting to the terminal was helped by the airline providing a separate bus for business class. Details of gates for transit passengers was helpfully provided on board. IST is unbelievably chaotic, even at 1:00 am, but staff were around to direct passengers, and it was then just a matter of a frantic dash to the gate. Amazingly, we arrived just in time for boarding, but there was then another wait for the bus to fill to take us to a far stand. The food service on the IST-CPT leg was astonishingly good, and the role of sky chef was much more in evidence, with individual plating up of all the courses and a trolley circulated with desserts. A breakfast menu was also offered just after boarding, which allowed us to choose as much or as little as we wanted. Even the scrambled eggs were good! Disembarkation at CPT was quick, immigration was a breeze and we collected our bags just 10 minutes after landing. Overall, we were impressed and we're actually looking forward to our return flights.
  Montreal to Mauritius via Istanbul. The web site is terrible, one cannot see which seats are available . I had to phone several times (sometimes with long waits and difficult communication in English)) to reserve seats in a business class. Fully flat bed seats were comfortable but food service was disorganized. Very pleasant staff was running back and forth with individual dishes and glasses in very inefficient fashion. The major problem for us occurred in the Istanbul business class lounge. Our wait time between the flights was 10 hours, and we expected to be able to use their sleeping rooms for at least several hours. To our surprise we were informed that we are not eligible because the rule is that only customers with a wait time 3-7 hours are eligible! We pleaded to let us stay for a shortened period to no avail. After complaining to manager, we were offered an accommodation in an outside hotel (we would need to procure visa and arrange transportation). Before our departure from Canada I inquired by phone if we can reserve the sleeping space because of our long wait and was told that is on first come first served and no mention of the rule. Would we know that there was the stupid rule we would have reserved a hotel room within the airport. On our arrival in Istanbul it was of course fully booked. So we spent next 10 hours in a noisy crowded business lounge, with tables and floors overflowing with dirty dishes, cutlery, napkins and empty bottles and cans.
  Amsterdam to New York via Istanbul. Have always been satisfied with Turkish Airlines: good service, good food, good prices. However there was a snafu on this trip. I'd booked an overnight connexion in Istanbul because the fare was $100 less than the other carriers. My hotel was $50, so it was still a savings. However, I checked TIMATIC for visa requirements on a star alliance site and it said no visa required, but I had to pay $30 at the airport to leave to go to my hotel. So, it turned out to be a false economy. Check-in service at both AMS and IST were top-notch: I had a connexion at JFK to Jet blue to Albuquerque and was very happy that TK interlined my bag to them. US carriers have stopped doing that an American Airlines doesn't even transfer bags to their own flights anymore (if booked on a separate record, which is how you issue two tickets since it has become a self-service world). I gave only 3 for seat comfort but it must be said that it is always painful for me to travel on airline seats.
 Brussels to Dar es Salaam via Istanbul. Very disappointed in Turkish Airlines. Cabin crew very unfriendly, cramped seats, no choice in food. 7 hour flight from Istanbul to Dar es Salaam was on a 737-900 plane. Plane was too small with cramped seats. I do not recommend this airline.
 One of the worst flying experiences. First, my flight took off four hours after schedule and we were stuck in the aircraft. This delay meant a missed connection. There was no one from Turkish Airlines to help or assist. After visiting several counters, waiting for hours, I was given new boarding card for a flight 24 hours later. They did not provide any meal and when I asked for a hotel they made me pay for the visa. The next day they asked me to be ready to go to the airport but they did not come and pick me up. Hotel management contacted the airline and they said I should keep waiting. An hour before the flight time, I decided to take a taxi. Due to a flight delay, I managed to catch my flight. On arrival, I found my luggage broken and the handling agent was not interested in even seeing the luggage but he did write a report. 
 Flew Turkish Airlines from Istanbul to San Francisco. Cramped seating on this flight. I’d never experienced this before on a THY long haul flight. Poor food. Very limited entertainment options that I didn’t bother with after 1 mediocre French film. Worst of all was the unbearably high temperature. It was so dry I had to keep asking for water and the cabin service was inconsistent. I couldn’t sleep for the unbearable temperature on the flight.
 Very disappointing! There is absolutely no customer service provided on the ground. After booking my ticket and requesting a wheelchair at the airports - no matter how many times I have called, e-mailed and even personally asked at the counter, they just simply chose to either ignore or they are so disorganized that they simply forgot. I can not understand how it can be possible in such a competitive climate to be as inefficient and unreliable. There were no personnel from the airlines waiting for me in Istanbul on either journeys (to and back from Singapore to Kosice). I have problems walking and it is really necessary for me to have someone help me when transferring via airports. I gave Turkish Airlines a shot and I have to say, I don't think I will be flying them again.
 15 Dec, Chicago - Istanbul, Turkish Airlines business class. Check-in was very quick at ORD airport with kind and very polite agent. Boarding was in order and a separate boarding line for Business class and Elite members. On board was greeted with a warm welcome. Pre takeoff had a glass of Champagne which was perfectly chilled and really enjoyed. Push back was on time. Very professional crew on board in business class. Chef came around and introduced himself and handed over the menu and later took the order for main course. Had ordered special meal AVML (Asian vegetarian meal). I was bit disappointed with the special meal as they have been serving the same food for more than a year now. Starter was great so was the main course. I am surprised to see that they have cut down on dessert. I had some desserts and they were delicious. The cabin was very quiet and could catch some sleep. Pre landing hot meal was also delicious. The best part of the whole flight was the crew who worked very hard to ensure each passenger was happy. In short TK has excellent product, catering is very healthy and plenty to choose from. The only complaint I have is, that they do not come and ask or refill the drink you are enjoying. I suggest they should improve this. Again I will be flying on TK business class end of March this year.
  Istanbul to Montreal. Everyone was boarding at the same time (No grouping, no priority), and as the plane was full boarding took quite some time. Plane was new (3 years old) and had 2-4-2 layout. Seat itself was okay, comparable to other long-haul flights I've taken. Legroom was good, I'm 6 foot and I had no problems. Food and drink service was amazing, we were first handed packs of peanut followed by a drink service, then dinner. The food was really good, and was filling for one person. Drinks were provided throughout the flight. IFE was good, and there were plenty of films and series. One complaint is that there were some random episodes of some TV Series (like Season 4 Episode 5-6-7 of a series). Crew was helpful and unlike other Turkish Airlines flights I've taken, they were able to have an actual conversation in English. I bought in flight WiFi (for 14.99$US) and it worked well throughout the flight.
  Napoli to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. The worst experience ever. Two hours flight delayed missing connection flight to Perth. Stuck in the airport for more than 30hr. I took with my partner on the 17 January 2018 at 19:00 a Turkish airline flight from Napoli  to Perth  with connection flight in Istanbul and Kuala Lumpur. The flight left the city of Napoli 30 min late. Once we landed in Istanbul me and my partner quickly went to check the connection flight time which was also affected by 30 min delay. Once onboard of the flight TK60 of 18 Jan 2018 at 2:25 the plane was not full of passenger yet. At 2:35 the captain announced that we had to wait 15 min for more passenger to arrive that then turned into 45 minutes. We end up leaving at 3:45 and due to this late departure we also had to wait for seven planes to take off before us. On board me and my partner have been asking several times to the staff for the connection flight from Kuala Lumpur but all the cabin crews including the manager seems to don’t know much about the situation and didn’t really care. On late arrival in KL at 18:30 we miss our connecting flight with Malindo airline and ground staff told us we were on next morning flight and that hotel and transports have been arranged. The next day we went back to the airport at 5:30am just to find out that we were not on the flight at 8:45 am and the staff of Malindo knew nothing of our situation. We have been stuck here in the airport ever since to wait for a Turkish airline representative. 
  London to Thessaloniki via Istanbul. I would recommend to anyone who can avoid this airline to do so by all means. I cannot find words to describe their "customer service" and should anything go wrong during the trip you are left alone. Between booking and flying, TK changed the aircraft type and a flight time without informing me at all. I flew from LHR to IST and then my flight from IST to SKG was cancelled. It took me 2.5 hours at the transfer desk and stories I cannot even describe to get a ticket to return back to London as there was no other flight to my destination until the day after. I had a business class ticket, however when I went to the gate I was told they had overbooked the business class cabin and I would have to be downgraded to economy. Overall, I spent 34 hours without sleep only to return where I left from, without ever reaching my destination. And now several days later, I still haven't received a refund for my tickets. Avoid this airline and fly with one that knows how to treat customers.
  Ljubljana to Ho Chi Minh City via Istanbul. Great flights. All on time, cabins new, bright and airy, seating quite comfortable. Asian vegetarian catering really very good. The best part of all flights was a cabin crew, especially on a long distant flights from Istanbul to Ho Chi Minh and back. Professional and very pleasant. When a cabin assistant sing a song to himself when working at a galley, than you know that everything is more than fine. Completely switched back to Turkish, which slowly upgraded economy product over last few years.
 Flew Istanbul to New York City with Turkish Airlines. Very tasty Turkish food, on time departure, polite crew members and last but not least, a great entertainment system with the lastest movies. I dont understand how this airline scores less than 8 on this website. Seats were comfortable and wide. I had a very pleasant flight with Turkish compared to other major airline companies and would recommend it to anyone.
  Istanbul to Marseille. I usually fly Turkish Airoines at least 4 times a year. I've never honestly had anything to complain about. Their airport is good their staff are active and their planes are comfortable and safe. It's an airline that I trust and provides all the quality I can ask for. 
  Turkish Airlines are good but not a 5 star airline yet. Food was ok, better on short haul than long haul. Seating was good. Candlelight dinner was a clever idea, but wine choice was very poor, 2-3-2 seating in business is not good, especially the middle seat. Amenities pack was poor, Bentley and Furla. The downsides to me were the zoning of seats it was a free for all. Some staff were rude MIA to IST, asking if my wife was in the right seat? Stop economy passengers walking into business to use the restrooms, this was common to all flights. The in flight entertainment did not work in row 5, it was a full flight, so to be without for 12 hours was a nightmare, staff just shrugged shoulders. Case arrived broken in Munich - Delsey Hard Case, that was wrapped so did not see until unpacking. So would I use again, well 70% as price was keen.
  İstanbul to Antalya. Check-in and boarding smooth. Plane was clean and seats were comfortable. Staff was polite enough. About 20 minutes after the take off, they served a sandwich and a cup of drink that you chose from given options. Though I think food should sold with a separate option instead of being included to every ticket, it was delicious so no complaints there. Overall everything was good. I had bad experiences with Turkish Airlines but this time I am satisfied.
 My family and I flew from Washington via Islamabad and return from Karachi - Istanbul - Washington in December on Turkish Airlines and couldn't have been more pleased. The flights were on time, inflight catering was excellent, the leg space in economy has slightly improved, the English proficiency of the crew has greatly improved, and the inflight entertainment has vastly improved and is easy to use. The service of the crew was excellent. My mother in law who was traveling with us can only consume liquids and requested if she could could get some milk to drink. Instead the crew brought her soup from business class and then came back a little bit later with some more. Truly above and beyond service on their part. The only thing though is the USB ports did not fully work in all of the seats which was annoying, and I wish they did not do away with the delicious Turkish food which used to be served. But all in all Turkish Airlines is worth every penny, and I do not regret choosing them back in 2007 as my international airline of choice.
  Munich to Tehran via Istanbul SAW. I had a suitcase and a carry on. As the carry on exceeded the 8 kilos permitted cabin weight, I paid the extra fee and checked in the carry on as well. However, when landed in Tehran, I realized that the carry on's tagging number was not even issued at the boarding desk and my carry on was lost. I filled in the application form at lost and found office in Tehran and have called the Turkish airlines at Munich airport several times so far, but after 10 days still haven't received any answer. As I do not even have a baggage tag number for my carry on, I cannot even claim for compensation. What I am wondering is, even if the check-in clerk forgets to hand over the baggage tag, why can't they try to check what was the number of the checked in carry-on as all the information are recorded and kept in the system. I am extremely disappointed as this has kind of ruined my holiday.
  Boston to Istanbul. Worst service I have experienced.  Not only did I have to keep asking for utensils and missing food items on my tray but when I asked for a drink he gave e me a tiny cup and poured it half way with a coca-cola beverage. When I asked for more he muttered under his breath. The rest of the flight he was rude and snappy. I completely understand having long days, but this was no way to treat paying customers. I was not given a seat for free, I paid for it.
 It was my first time flying Turkish Airlines from Geneva to Jakarta via Istanbul. I picked them because the schedule was convenient, and they were a bit cheaper than Emirates. The first leg was fine, nothing special, but not much to comment or criticize. The service was acceptable, and the food actually pretty good. Transit in Istanbul: disembarked in the rain, had to take the bus from a remote parking spot, same thing outbound, got a bit wet both times. Ataturk is not a great airport to say the least, and is one of the reasons I would not pick Turkish Airlines for first choice: facilities below average, security is a bit of a jungle, the gate was way too far from the lounge, the boarding was a single line (everyone mixed), too many people cramped in the bus. I was tired, had come out of a sleepless night, and going for a second one, so all this extra stress and exercise was not welcome at all. I had bought a business class ticket, just to prevent being too tired! The second leg was less impressive than the first one, the cabin service was below average for business, the staff were trying, but were missing something. I slept through dinner, but the arrival snack was disappointing (scrambled eggs at 4.00 pm! Or a Turkish pastry that the staff don’t even bother explaining what it is, so I passed. I had a hard time having a tea served the way I wanted, so I gave up on it. The seat was acceptable, and the entertainment system good (some other airlines have more choices, but it was good enough for me), I liked the controlller than can be used as a screen, and the headsets. I could have taken Emirates for $500 more.
  I was travelling back from Istanbul to Toronto with Turkish Airlines. The ground staff were so rude at airport and flight crew were worse. Since our flight was delayed by an hour or so, we couldn't get a ramp, so we waited for the buses to come so that they can bring passengers to the Terminal. I was traveling with a wheelchair, was sitting in the middle of the plane. After all the passengers got off the plane, they starts the wheelchair passengers. First they moved us all to the front of the plane then said that we're getting off the back door. We waited another 30 mins to get off.
  Kuwait to Dusseldorf via Istanbul. Terrible experience. Kuwait to Istanbul was a very old A330 where 2 of our booked 3 seats didn't work and could only manually be adjusted. The TV didn't work. No bed linen provided to cover the seats. No alcoholic drinks served either. Istanbul to Dusseldorf stretch was worse as the plane was equally old A321. For this 3.5 hour flight normal seats, no flatbed. No TV screens in the seats. Handheld tablet was provided. Not looking forward to the flights back.
  Medina to Lahore via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines service is one of the poorest. I and my wife were made to sit at the airport during a 14 hours stopover at IST on 4th December. To add insult to injury, 2 of 3 baggage pieces remain missing to date. Our transit time at IST was around 14 hrs. When approached the service counter at Istanbul they gave us only one snack (one slice of pizza for each passenger) voucher. I asked her where to stay for full day transit. She said anywhere at the airport and went back to her mobile phone chat. In between, she was chatting with a male colleague and didn't seem to have time to pay attention to customer. She worked more like a machine than a human in only giving vouchers with out speaking to customers. Upon complaint they tried to cover its inefficiency and poor service by saying that “No request can be traced at their hotel desk on IST”. How will there be a record if TK staff misleads the customers away. Nobody (TK ticket sales office at Lahore airport) had informed us the time of ticketing to request a hotel in advance during transit at IST. TK said that we didn't request a hotel.
  Istanbul to Lefkosa. Customer service on the phone doesn't solve problems, but create problems. Talked to at least 15 different agents on the phone to fix one thing - to change the airport of departure, and to deal with the problems that they created because of this. Always redirect to another agent on the phone, and no-one takes responsibility and doesn't provide any solution. Staff in Turkish airlines kiosk in Sabina Gokcen airport are not better, they don't know what to do and redirect to phone customer service.
  I booked and reserved 2 seats from Dublin to Izmir via Istanbul for March 2018. I use Turkish Airlines often. Went to Pay and Fly but system said my unique booking code wasn't recognised. I had to go through booking system again and the costs had rocketed by over 190EUR in 14 hours. No more Turkish Airlines for me. Booked flights through PGS.
 Mombasa to London Gatwick via Istanbul. Our flight from Mombasa was meant to depart at 4.30am. I checked in at 2.30, the flight did not leave till 6 am. Hence arrived Istanbul late and only to find out my bags did not arrive in Gatwick. On putting in the claim I was told I would get my bags the following day, again only to call and find out only 1 bag arrived and the other bag is still in Mombasa. This is the first time I have travelled with Turkish Airlines and have had the worst experience. I suggest that you rather pay an extra 100 dollars and go for a better airline. Lousy service and pathetic airline.
  We missed our flight from Istanbul to Amsterdam, coming from Hanoi, due to a very bad communicated (read none) change of the gate. We had to buy new tickets for our family, which cost about 600 EUR per person (including 3 young children). People at the service desk were very unfriendly, and not fair too. Other people in  the same situation, were given another ticket!
  Male to Vilnius via Istanbul. Service is horrible, staff rude onboard and at Istanbul airport. We had 10 hours connection flight at Istanbul airport, and Turkish airlines didn’t provide any hotel like they say. We wanted to book airport hotel by ourselves but it was fully booked. Turkish airlines said, we cannot do anything about it, because you arrived 6:03 am from Male, and to Vilnius our flight is 4:00 p.m. They said it is not enough hours because they provide hotel only when it is 10 hours waiting.  If i knew it will be like this,i would book alternative flight. Disappointed!
 Travelled from Accra to Bucharest, through Istanbul. Plane was late and I lost my connection. From Accra, they gave me a boarding pass for a diffrent connecting flight than I had booked. In Istanbul 3 different employees of Turkish tried to convince me that that was the correct one and no change could be done, despite the fact earlier flights were available. Customer service was unwelcoming, poor and inefficient. Istanbul airport is small, dirty and congested. They sell lower cost tickets, just because you have to wait for up to 10 hours in the airport. Be prepared to be misstreated. It seems that rudness is a part of Turkish Airline culture.
 Turkish Airlines in the last few years have been a formidable competitor to European long haul carriers. And quite rightly so. Not only are their prices extremely competitive, book early and you could be in for a bargain. This was my first long haul flight with them, and it will not be my last. They operate on A330 with 2x2x2 and Boeing 777 with a 2x3x2 layout. While the seating configuration was as expected, it's the service that made all the difference. Once on board, they have a rather novel safety video, which is both informative and amusing. The 'onboard chef' is a nice added touch, although it's not like he's going to prepare the meal in front of you. The flight attendants were extremely polite and friendly, regularly checking up on you if you needed anything. The dining was great. With a mini 'candlelight' to compliment the food table, to a delicious selection of appetisers and sweet trolley, the service was excellent without being rushed. The amenity kits were rather basic. The IFE was good on the outbound A330 and 777. With some nice wine, cognac and coffee later, the bed was prepared for me and tucked myself in for a good 3 hours sleep. The outbound flight to Hanoi was near perfection. The flight from Hanoi to Istanbul was a slight disappointment. I first noticed the A330 had the old livery on it. When entering, the cabin looked older, there was no storage space, other than overhead. The seats looked old and felt uncomfortable. The IFE, with the small handset was so difficult to use, even the cabin stall were trying to help others with it. The flight announcements were crackled and weren't clear. The toilet I used, although clean was old - the flush button was held together with duct tape! The flight from Istanbul to London on the 777 was a delight. This was a long haul business class experience on a short haul flight. The service and cabin staff were excellent, even on the old A330!
 Having been on a few European flights so called 'Business Class', I was looking forward to the much praised Turkish Airlines Business Class flying from London to Istanbul. Turkish use widebody on most flights to Istanbul, and I was aware that this narrow body aircraft which I was flying in was not going to be as spacious. But the moment I stepped into the aircraft, I was welcomed with a warm smile and directed to my seat. This was a true Business Class seat (unlike the notorious tight 2x2 with empty middle seat deployed by other European airlines). The wide seat was extremely comfortable, with ample leg room, reading lamp and fold out IFE monitor. No sooner had I settled down, I was offered a selection of soft drinks followed by hot towel. 20 minutes into the flight I chose a traditional Turkish breakfast which included a selection of delicious appetizers, accompanied by Champagne (with refills). The flight attendants were efficient, chatty without being intrusive, and looked like they actually enjoyed serving the passengers. I fiddled about a little with the IFE, watched about half a movie, downing my coffee. Although not a great choice of films and programmes, it was perfectly adequate for a short journey. I enjoyed this flight very much and full marks to Turkish Airlines offering a good business class product on a short haul flight. If they decided to add WiFi on all aircraft, it might really annoy the competition.
 Helsinki - Istanbul return, 6th Dec, TK1764 (B737-800) and 10th Dec, TK1761 (A321). Both flights full, on time arrival at IST and HEL despite delay upon departure. Seating slightly cramped in Economy but fine for 2½ hr flights and all seats equipped with IFE. TK seems to have kept their high quality in catering (Do & Co): full hot meals provided with drinks, very tasty meals. The cabin crews were hard working on both flights and the lady purser on TK1761 was a real star: very warm, friendly and extremely patient with the same unruly passengers who jumped up to the aisle every time the seat belt sign went on in heavy turbulence. Quite annoying but handled with care by the purser and the cabin crew on TK1761. Good quality and great value, will book again.
 Frankfurt to Elazig via Istanbul. The seats are super short. It doesn't fit to my legs and my legs hurt because of the seat. Istanbul airport is totally horrible. Due to the delay of the flight, the crew doesn't speak English and they don't know what you want. As an international airport how come no one can speak proper English? Their instructions are totally different, one says this, another says that. Very disappointed with them.
  London to Lahore via Istanbul. Cancelled my ticket with no explanation on 6/12/2017, 12 days before flying out in peak season. I have flown with them before and the experience has been OK- apart from the rude staff at the airport in Istanbul who think you've forged your passport. However after this experience its easy to know why Qatar, Emirates etc are ranked above these guys. Extremely poor. From a disappointed, out of pocket customer.
 Flew business class, TK35 Istanbul to Montreal on Dec 08 2017. I must emphasize the amazing lounge in Istanbul. No wonder it was voted the best business class lounge in the world by Skytrax. We were a bit deceived though, not to be able to have a suite to relax, since our layover was 30 minutes above the 7 hours permitted as per regulations! At least we were able to use the showers after 2.5 hours on a waiting list. Best shower facilities we have ever seen in an airport business class lounge! Onboard, before take-off they offer a selection of newspapers and magazines but nothing in French! Isn’t Turkish Airlines aware that Montreal is the second largest French metropolis in the world, after Paris? Just as an example, Lufthansa flies to Montreal out of Frankfurt and Munich, their safety announcements are in German, French with English subtitles. Being respectful about these issues goes a long way. Nevertheless, the crew were professional and quite nice. The business class cabin is quite impressive! Lot’s of leg room, very comfortable seats, very large screens, quality headphones. I was able to sleep for 5 hours, which is out of the ordinary on board an aircraft for me. The food was ok, very well presented. We like these candlelight dinners which no other airlines offers to our knowledge. The negative side to this trip though is that we constantly had to beg for a glass of wine. We had just flown on Thai and Singapore and right after you sit down before take-off, they come to offer Champagne, water and juice. Not so with Turkish, they only offer a selection of 4 types of lemonade. When they take your meal order they ask if you want a glass of wine with your main course. No cocktail whatsoever before the meal is offered. If you dare ask for a glass of wine it is secretly poured behind a counter in front of the cabin. Normally with other airlines, they come to your seat and show you the bottle before they pour into your glass. You even have to tell them at some point to stop, because they offer constantly. Not so on Turkish!
  Kayseri to Istanbul. I cannot recommend this airline. After being unable to fly to Turkey due to recent US Visa restrictions, I called the company. Was told to call back two weeks later which I did and then I was told to call back again. I did. Then I was told that I must get a refund at a Turkish Airlines sales office,  there are only 2 in the entire US. I complained and was told to call back. Now I am told that I can get a "refund" after cancellation and "no-show" fees are applied. This amounted to $32 euros on a $600 ticket. Apparently, they are only granting full refunds if you depart from the US.  This is an absolute sham and seems set up to make the system frustrating to navigate so they can mitigate their losses. They don't seem to care.
  Dubai to Toronto via Istanbul. My wife encountered a problem in Istanbul that involved an airport transit visa through Canada.  It took about 8 hours of our time at 5 different airport locations to eventually buy new tickets to get back the next day. Our original tickets say: “Reissue With 200 USD penalty. What I didn’t see was the fine print at the bottom: “Turkish Airlines reserves the right to change rules regarding ticket changes and refunds.”. They mean it. As bad as our personal experience was, the real reason we are so appalled is that we were there long enough to see this is the norm for them. In our single day there, we saw at least 100 other travelers going through similar things. The only solution ever offered is to purchase another ticket. We witnessed several people weeping. Many losing control and shouting. Their own personnel were screaming at customers (in a separate office area though, it was all yucks and laughing). We were lucky because we had the means to purchase new tickets. Others clearly didn’t. I don’t know what happened to some of them. One moment was very symbolic of the entire experience. Another vanquished traveler was paying $843 for a new ticket with cash. He handed an employee $845 but she of course had no change. Instead of the $5, he gave her two $1 bills. I had one in my pocket so gave it to her as well. She held my $1 bill up and pointed to the corner which had a very small piece torn off, no ink was missing, and sneered “I can’t accept this”. She did this simply because she could. We were powerless. She knew it and reveled in it. I usually only add reviews if they're positive. I understand people and businesses can have a bad day. Turkish Airlines is different. This is truly a horrible company with mean spirited employees.
  Montreal to Istanbul. We made the reservations online as most people do nowadays and to our surprise, Turkish Airline denied the miles that were supposed to be earned for the flight taken which were clearly shown on their own reservation issued ticket. After few interchange of emails (ref tickets numbers above), they opted to remove the contact email from the website. They simple refused to honour the miles on our flight and we never received an explanation of their action. Certainly, this speaks very badly of Turkish Airlines, company that we won’t support in the future
  Budapest to Atlanta via Istanbul. In August I flew from Budapest to Atlanta via Istanbul. The attention onboard was good as was the food. Arriving in Atlanta I found that my suitcase was left in Istanbul. After waiting for more than an hour and a half they told me that they would send it to me the next day but they only brought it to me two days later, so I had to spend 3 nights in a hotel in Atlanta and I could not go to work on Monday. The representative of the company told me to send him the receipts of the expenses he had had that within a period of 3 weeks they sent me a check for that amount. It's been over 3 months now and they have not sent me anything. They do not even answer the emails that I sent them. I think a lack of professionalism and respect towards customers.
  Kathmandu to Houston via Istanbul. I with my two little kids and old mother had a flight on November 2017. I had a layover of 19 hours so we were suppose to get hotel, but because of being American passport we didn't get hotel. I didn't mind getting hotel but they gave me lot of trouble just to give little information about the visa. I was wondering from one counter to another counter just to get right information. Staffs at the airport were the rudest people I ever met. Even the visa officers at the counter didn't give me correct information instead they yelled and behaved in a very rude way. I couldn't get hotel because I and my kids had American passport and they don't issue visa from the airport to the American. My question to the Turkish Airlines is that why they didn't mention that while I brought the ticket why they issued ticket to the American passport? I went to Turkish Airlines counter may be four time finally I got the correct answer. Staffs at the Turkish Airlines counter were also very very rude just as other staff at the airport. I ended up paying 300$ at airport hotel. I will never travel with Turkish Airlines again.
  Istanbul to Madrid. Good service on board. Seats are comfortable in a configuration 2+2 and real business seat not like others where the configuration is 3+3 and the seat in the middle is not used. Meal is an okay quality, it could be better because it is a 4h30 flight.
 My first flights (Jakarta to Antalya via Istanbul). On the homebound flight from Antalya to Jakarta via Istanbul my TK 2425 (30 Nov 2017) was delayed without any announcement. On boarding I asked the ground crew if I would still be able to catch my Istanbul-Jakarta flight (TK56), and the ground crew replied that "no problem". The plane landed late and I missed my flight to Jakarta. Yes, Turkish airline did give me a hotel, yes, Turkish airline did give me a ticket rebooking, yes Turkish airline did give me breakfast-lunch-dinner. However, I did not receive my luggage and hence I did not have any change of clothes. Upon seeing the queue at the Turkish Airlines hotel transfer I was in a dilemma of either waiting another 2 hours before getting my luggage at 4am or go sleep at the hotel and not have my luggage. In my luggage was also my laptop charger and mobile charger which I would have needed to inform work, arrangements that I will be delayed by one day. But more scarily was my box of medicines that I needed. I was appalled by the ground crew at Antalya airport who lied to my face, and the ground crew at the hotel transfer who did not sympathize that I needed my luggage and only offered strict options. I was very dissapointed that Turkish airline did not provide me a letter of delay to help me justify my situation at my home country, and no laundry service hence I was not in fresh clothes for more than 48hrs! It is easy providing hotels, food and ticket change but please keep in mind that all these passengers are humans and have lives and dependencies and have specific needs and requirements.
 This was the first time I flew Turkish Airlines on an international route. I flew from Toronto to Mumbai via Istanbul and back. The cabin crew from Toronto to Istanbul were quite rude. I ordered the special Asian vegetarian meal before the flight, which was very good. The seat was comfortable. There was a good selection of movies in various different languages. The same applies to the connecting flight from Istanbul to Mumbai, but the cabin crew were a lot nicer. However, toilets are not clean. Transitting at Istanbul is a nightmare as the airport is extremely packed struggling to find a place to sit. The return flight was more or less the same.
 Being a loyal customer of this airline, I was once again dissapointed with Turkish Airlines completely messing up my flight. Outbound flight TK1856 from Barcelona to Istanbul left about 40 minutes delayed, and for that reason we were denied boarding for our connecting flight to Moscow, which resulted in spending an entire night at the airline's lounge. I would like to particularly stress the utter rudeness of the airline staff at the airport, who are completely uninterested in helping you out, pretending not to speak English and watching videos on their smartphones, giggling and discussing it with each other. While at the lounge, you are not allowed to use a shower since the previous flight was less than 8 hours long. So please know, if you miss your flight due to the airline's fault, you are on your own and no one really cares about your problem. That's a fact. The same situation happened to me in April, while returning from Miami to Moscow via Istanbul. The airline representative failed to change the dates for my wife and my infant child, changing it only for me, therefore, I ended up paying for the completely new tickets. Overpaid around 2000 USD. And, once again, the flight left late from Miami and, therefore, we missed the connecting flight and spent the night at the airport. We were not offered any hotel and we were also denied access to the lounge due to the mess up with the airline. The airline's feedback form is awful, and up to this day my issues with them had not been resolved. Even visiting the airline's office in Moscow does not help, everything is managed through the website. Overall, I am very disappointed with the airline and especially with their customer care. It's a shame, since their planes and prices are very nice, the headache in dealing with the problems afterwards is just too much to fly with them again.
 Buenos Aires to Istanbul via Sao Paolo. I have been very surprised by the overall quality of the airline in business. After the stop over in Sao Paolo, they change your headset for a Denon one (amazing sound). Toilets are about half more of the size of the one in economy. Very nice staff onboard and dedicated to you pleasure.
  Washington to Istanbul. The website didn't work for check in, so I called and it was quick on the phone somebody checked me in, but the wonderful thing happened at the airport as we checked in for the flight we are now waiting for. The man at the ticket counter was wonderful, efficient and very considerate for my old parents, also helping fellow agents.
  Istanbul to Paris, you can feel the quality of Star Alliance Airline. I'am generally use Turkish Airlines and first time this is the first time I see more than one managing problem during check-in and flight. Check-in attendants was much more slower than my other trips and they gives people wrong information. They have no idea about seat layout of aircraft and nobody don't accept and try to solve any kind of problem. During flight, you can feel the differences between cabin crew, Turkish Airlines don't educate their new flight attendant like they used to. I hope these problems will be short term and Turkish Airlines back to their old days.
  Amsterdam to Tehran via Istanbul. The first flight was with delay, we had a connecting flight but because of delay we missed the second flight and they weren't responding about that. The staff service was awful it was really a bad trip. We paid twice for our booked flight.
  Atlanta to Doha via Istanbul. From the moment you step on they greet you nicely but once you take off it's all downhill with customer service.  I would never wish that experience on my enemy. The flight attendants were grumpy and English is a little unrecognizable. Luckily I had my handy app on my iPhone X downloaded two weeks prior to my trip. As I knew I was going to have a 9 hr layover both ways. So I was able to learn a little Turkish.  The meals were ok. The entertainment was good. The leg room was horrible!
  Took advantage of promotional fares on Turkish Airlines’ new route (when I booked) from Istanbul to Phuket. When I arrived in Phuket on the outbound sector, I asked Thai Airways whether on my return I could book a flight with them to Phuket and through check my luggage onto Turkish Airlines, both being Star Alliance. He checked on a list and said I could as Thai have an agreement with Turkish. However, when I got to Bangkok to fly to Phuket and on to Istanbul, Thai said no I couldn’t through check in. Where the agreement failed I have no idea. So had to sit with my luggage for hours waiting for Turkish check-in to open. After check-in, Business Class passengers were personally escorted through Immigration and Security checks and into a lounge. Not the best lounge in the world but quiet and with light snacks available. Offer of shoulder massage was tempting but I just wanted to close my eyes for an hour. At boarding time we were escorted to the gate and given immediate boarding. Before take-off given menus and was asked to complete my breakfast choices. After take-off breakfast was served. I had ordered scrambled eggs but when they reached me in row Four, they said they had all gone. They offered an omelette or waffles; the latter not being on the menu. After breakfast I made up my bed and slept for hours. We had been asked for our lunch selection from the menu. Cabin was crowded - must have been full or close to it. During the night I went to the toilet. The flight deck door was wide open and it looked crowded in there too with some crew standing. In the morning they started the lunch service. In front of me I heard a lady complain and say “But I ordered it.” When they reached me they said they didn’t have the steak I had asked for. I could have the other menu options or a beef stew option which also was not in the menu. I guess the lady had also been disappointed about steak. Landed about 30 minutes early and taken by bus to the terminal - special bus for Business Class passengers. After customs I went to the arrival lounge but it was closed. In fact I have often found it closed recently. Overall, very good flight. On time. But seems you need to sit in the first couple of rows to be sure of meal choice when flight is full, as they only serve from the front in Business Class.
  My daughter and I checked in early for flight TK150, we then proceeded to the gate 204 as indicated on the boarding pass as well as on the boarding/information screen. We waited till boarding time and proceeded to board when gate was open. No announcement was made of gate changes. My daughter passed through the gate (204) and was about to board the plane when I was withheld due to the boarding gate having been changed. The fact that my daughter was let through to the plane shows a lack of security by the ground crew at the gate, which is not acceptable. Then we were informed to proceed to gate 306. At gate 306, we were instructed to proceed to gate 315 but the plane left by then. We complained to customer service and were asked to purchase another ticket! 
  Houston to Istanbul. The service, the flight, the food and flight attendants were all excellent. But there was some sort of air-freshener sprayed into the air in the cabin that irritated our eyes.  The bag of slippers, tooth brush were very thoughtful and were used.
 Excellent service throughout this 11 hour flight from Atlanta to Istanbul. Everything was great in economy class. IFE excellent, food service, frequency and choices exceeded expectations. Cabin crew attentive and went out of their way to deliver excellent customer service. I'm so glad I flew with Turkish Airlines.
  Istanbul to Ho Chi Minh City. Exceptional crew and great meals and drinks service provided on this 10hr flight. Lounge before flight was a disappointment as late departure (02:40) meant no fresh food or snacks were available but otherwise ok. TK offers great value business class fares with an excellent product offered for the price. Staff on board exceeded all expectations on this sector.
  Jakarta to Istanbul. TK 57 left Jakarta airport earlier than schedule. The service level was similar when we returned back home on TK56. On both flights, cabin and toilets were clean and staff were nice. Food was in big portion and we are pleased to have it. Inflight amenities were sufficient. During this flight we did not get ice cream like Asian airlines.  My other inputs are that menu for flights from Istanbul. Please serve any other menu from elsewhere. We had enough Turkish meal during our long visit in Turkey and please train your staff to speak better English. Yes they are nice and polite and speak English but just a little effort to speak better and I am sure Turkish airlines can do it.
  Istanbul to New York with Turkish Airlines. Check-in was relatively painless considering it was at a very early hour of the morning. Prior to boarding, used the lounge which was operating at a lower pace than usual and the food choices were not as plentiful as they are during regular hours. Boarding was by zones but it was a total disappointment when I found out we were being bussed to the plane which made the use of zones completely redundant. On board, the aircraft looked newish with 2x2x2 configuration in business class. The FA's were pleasant, friendly and professional in the conduct of their duties although they did not intervene when the passenger behind me stood up while the aircraft was taxiing. We were served breakfast then lunch prior to landing but the service was a tad on the slow side. I completed 8 return journeys across the Atlantic with Turkish in the last 12 months and their menu and wine selection have been the same each time and I believe a change is long overdue. The wifi worked well and the IFE had a decent selection although it could have used more recent movie releases. Flight departed and arrived on time and was a good experience overall.
  London - Istanbul - Mashad in August and returned in September in economy. Three of us took the flights, planes were dated but they were clean and entertainment provided on board. Due to code sharing their flights were full to the limit. Lunch and dinner very good, however we did not like the breakfast. Mashhad to Istanbul delayed and as a result of this and due to very unhelpful airport staff (not Turkish Airlines) we missed our connecting flight and had to board the next flight, arriving in London 5 hours later than originally planned. Our bags delayed by about 5 days. All this to the side, Turkish Airlines processed our claim within 7 days, I had to only send a single email and full compensation was paid. Cabin crew were fantastic and ready to help. What I am most impressed with is their claim department that processed our claim very fast and paid full compensation. Well done to them and cabin crews.
  Frankfurt to Singapore via Istanbul. FRA-IST then 2.5h layover and IST-SIN. The check-in process was flawless. Turkish Airline personnel on the first leg of the trip was quite grumpy, but professional. Their airplanes are clean, the services offered (entertainment, catering) above average and their crew on the longer, second leg of my trip was fine as well. Unfortunately my new bag didn't arrive in Singapore. It's missing to this very day. The airport luggage handlers in Singapore created a lost baggage report form for me. They called me for four days, every day, to update me that my bag is not yet located. Then they stopped. Turkish Airline's website claims "Within the first 5 days, the search for lost baggage is the responsibility of the airport Lost and Found Office. If your baggage is not found within the first 5 days, please visit the baggage irregularity report and follow-up page and make a claim with the required documents.". So I did that. I went to their website and made the claim. The website feels like it's 1990 again, limits text fields to something like 255 (not sure anymore) characters and disables copy and paste. It's as bad a website as I've ever seen one and will send you an English confirmation mail that links you to their Turkish website. I filed claims, stated my case, provided invoices and brands/prices for the things I am missing . Within minutes I received a reply. Unfortunately it didn't state a thing, was quite possibly a canned message and had vague content like "On the other hand, if our research brings any negative result, then; the documents, which we have requested from you before, will be forwarded to our Claims department in order for assessment. We would like to thank you for your kind understanding, regarding such period, in advance.". I replied, asked what time frame, what "period" we're talking about here, given that the 5 days are over. I got the same canned response. I arrived 13 days ago, I received not 1 comment on my missing bag from Turkish Airlines. They ignored the problem so far. They are opaque about the process, share neither procedures nor timelines/schedules. I'm sitting in Singapore without my things and this airline just doesn't care at all. They claim to be oh-so-customer friendly - and truth is, their service in the air was good. But I sincerely hope that no one ever has to talk to them about lost baggage, because here they are terrible and fail in every customer service metric you can come up with. 
  Atlanta to Nairobi via Istanbul. My experience begun with trying to book a reservation on the company portal on 4th November currently having a choice of 2 systems. Between dodging the prompt on whether you want to use “old version” or “new version” I struggled to reserve a round trip from Atlanta to Nairobi 19th November 7, 2017 return 27th December 2017 only to discover minutes later when going to print off ticket that it was wrong! The information was captured inaccurately, I just had one way ticket that was outbound with my return date on it. Confident that this is an easy fix after years of travelling with other gulf region airlines, I immediately reach out to the Sales Office in Atlanta which rings endlessly without any answers. Very surprised but again in good faith reached out to the call center number provided. This was a nightmare, the first agent could barely speak English and any attempt to get the name was met with callous response of – why are you calling. Speaking very slowly and clearly as it was obvious there was minimal comprehension, agent also confirming he could not understand leaving me very confused I patiently informed of the situation explaining that I was looking for a round trip ticket but believed there was a technical issue as screens kept switching between 2 versions on the portal. Eventually I was transferred to another department which I was informed would resolve the issue and unprofessionally transferred. I had to go through the same process. On the 6th when calling in for a status, as I tried to review the issue to the first agent, she told me she doesn’t have to talk to me if I was calling for a status and I had to persist that she could not treat customers that way. This was the first time ever to attempt to use Turkish Airline and it is quite a rude shock. Eventually I was transferred to another department to an incoherent agent who sarcastically informed me that I could call back to speak to a more articulate agent. Not believing a corporation like this does not have people who could comprehend the issue, I made another attempt to call back and request to speak with a manager and explain that I needed a resolution with my primary goal is to get the correct ticket that I reserved as I still intended to take the trip. I persevered the same call process all over again and this time found an agent, more coherent and a little patient only for him to tell me they had emailed me a response and that my request was denied. When I sought for clarification or a manager he informed me that there are no managers there and he read a script out. This is very disturbing, there’s no professional etiquette to this cycle of events even more so, my issue has not been addressed. It seems to be more about the money than customer satisfaction. My trip is about 50 hours away but I have the wrong ticket and no resolve. I have never experienced such a service in my many years of travel. I am hoping management will actually resolve the issue and not just respond without addressing the concern. I shudder at the thought of what lays ahead in the flight if this is the type of service they have before you even travel.
  Very good experience in total! Extremely good seats from Copenhagen to Istanbul. When entering the plane we saw that it was 2+2 seats with good space and an IFE even if it was only a 2.50 hr flight. Was served a simple meal which was enough. Had a layover of 3.15 hr in Istanbul and went to the lounge. From all reviews the lounge was highlighted as something positive. I would say the lounge needs a refresh. Worn seats, crowded, closed food places, etc.. Not at all what I had in my mind. You could of course drink unlimited liquor. Istanbul to Antananarivo was the best Business travel ever. Very responsive personnel and called you by name. The IFE had a good selection but the Denom headset was not noice cancelling! The boarding was chaotic. No organisation whatsoever. Would I travel with them again - Yes!
  The flight was very good. Delicious meals, interesting inflight entertainment, comfortable seats etc. Cabin Crew was friendly. I hope that Turkish Airlines renews its old aircraft like the A321 (Sharklets). The seats are incredible and fresh!
  Tel Aviv to Bangkok via Istanbul. The first leg was ok - on time, nice cold meal. The 2nd leg was not so good, especially the service of the cabin crew. It took them 4 hours to serve dinner (start to finish). many pax in economy had to take the trays to the galley because they weren't taken for long time. The lights were turned off very late although it is a night flight. The same problem happened when breakfast was served and many pax did the same after they finished their breakfast. 
  Istanbul to London. My comment is really on the ground experience rather than the flight itself. There is no transport from the lounge to the gate for lesser abled people. All they offer is booking a wheelchair. How are you supposed to push somebody in a wheelchair while also carrying two handbags, a trolley and a guitar. Other airports/airlines have buggies at their disposal. Considering that some gates are 15 minutes walk, this is pretty poor. When flying from an apron gate (7xx e.g. 700), there are no business class buses for business class travelers and you're expected to stand in the bus for 20 minutes or so while it fills up until people step onto each others toes and everybody is squashed in. When questioning the ground staff on why there is no business class bus unlike like we were told at check-in, they said 'economics' and that business class buses are only available for incoming and domestic flights - very poor show. My overall rating of 6 explained: - on-board service & food: 8 - on-board cleanliness of toilets: 5 (floor's often wet) - lounge services & food: 8 - male lounge staff: 5 (often loud or shouting across the room) - female lounge staff: 9 - ground services (bus/transport): 0
  Toronto to Tehran via Istanbul. This flight and airport was the worst travel experience we  had. The flight from Toronto to Istanbul departed the Pearson Airport with one hour delay. There was very unusual turbulence, almost through more than half the flight time from Toronto to Istanbul and we couldn't sleep. After arriving at Istanbul airport, we had about 6 hours layover time. We decided to spent this time in the town. On our way back to airport due to getting caught in traffic jam, we reached  the boarding gate after closing the gate while the airplane still was stopped at the gate. The staff didn't let us to get onboard and we missed our flight from Istanbul. After missing our flight we were told to go to the Care Point counter. This was the first office which we were referred to. They didn't provide us with any help and told us to go to the ticket sale office. Finding the right ticket sale office was like a marathon for us. There were several counters for ticket sale with Turkish Airline logo. After talking to two ticket sale office, we finally were directed to the main Turkish Airlines ticket sale office where we were told that they are not able to help us and we have to pay the full price for the business class for the flights in the next day. After that, they asked us to talk to the supervisor where we observed the worst treatment that a customer may experience. He even didn't let us to explain our story and didn't listen to us. He just asked us to contact customer care centre by phone. After about 15 minutes talk with customer care centre over the phone, they also told us that they are not able to help us. Finally after being passed to several offices and people by Turkish Airlines staff without getting any help, we decided to buy new tickets to Isfahan, Iran instead of Tehran for the next day from an agency at the airport. The new tickets were sold to us at full price without any discount for the missed flight. I showed the new tickets to the same supervisor to transfer our luggage to the new destination and also complained about his behavior with us. After all of these unpleasant stories, we went to the Turkish Airlines Hotel Desk, where they told us that because our tickets are new and not transit tickets, they cannot help us with accommodations in Istanbul, and we were forced to book a hotel from an agency at the airport. 
  I am booked to travel Los Angeles to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. This review is about pre-flight customer service - it is a nightmare. The agents speak poor English. They keep referring to "other department". All I wanted was to get an exit row seat which I paid for. They see the payments on the system, but 6 calls and 2 hours on the phone and nothing is done.
  Istanbul to Washington. Turkish Airlines is still good.  The catering on board is suffering from bean counter recommendations. Gone are the days when Business Class food on board Turkish Airlines was exceptional. Now it is ordinary. It is sad to see such short sighted measures being implemented which may have a long lasting impact on the airline's reputation. The flight was on time but the airplane was old. It was clean but the age showed. The most outstanding aspect of the flight was the crew. They were helpful, pleasant, attentive, and friendly.  One crew member kept bringing me tea (without my asking) while I worked for about six hours. She always had a pleasant smile throughout the trip. I wrote this review to ensure that the crew's effort did not go unnoticed.
  London to Manila return via Istanbul. Check in was very quick we checked in 3 large suitcases with our 80kgs combined allowance we also had two carry on trolley cases a rucksack and suit holder asked if we could check in the rucksack to save dragging it around with us even though we were on the check in limit, yes sir no problem. Spent time in the business class lounge to wait for boarding. Arrived at the boarding gate checked through boarded the plane first. Flight London to Istanbul was 4 hours approx, seat was very comfortable flight attendants very good and spoke perfect English. There was a chef who came round and took our order for our meal. The food was excellent. IFE was good but not great could do with upgrading but acceptable. We arrived in Istanbul on time and were bussed to the terminal business class passengers were off the plane first and had there own bus. we had about two hours. so spent time in the Turkish Airlines Lounge then headed to our gate to board our plane for Manila. this is the only fault I found with this trip. There was no business class priority boarding just everybody trying to to get through the check in and only one member of staff checking tickets and passports absolutely ridiculous it was mayhem finally got through the check in and were last to board a waiting bus (I would not have liked to be first on the bus) to take us to the aircraft. We were welcomed on board by the flight attendants and given a pre flight drink and our suit holder was hung up for us. The seats were comfortable and spacious and turned into a flatbed with the ottoman at the foot and for once I actually slept during the flight which is a rarity for me. The IFE was the same as mentioned before Our section of the business cabin had 28 seats which less than half were occupied. Flight attendants were very attentive spoke perfect English. The chef came round asked to fill out a menu card for our breakfast at the end of our flight and also took our order for our meal again it was a fantastic meal the best we have had in the air. We were a little late taking off from Istanbul for our 12 hour flight but still arrived at Manila 1 hour early. We were first off the plane through immigration got to the carousel to pick our luggage our 4 bags because of the priority tags were in the first 10 bags we were out of Manila airport 25 minutes after getting off the plane. Our return trip was just as good if not better as the boarding situation for the London flight at Istanbul was much better organised. Would I use this airline again, most definitely.
  Houston to Odessa via Istanbul. October 25th 2017 my mother supposed to fly Houston to Istanbul. It was cancelled for some technical reason. She was already in the airport, when the flight got delayed and cancelled later on. She spent 8 hours in the airport, from 7pm till 3am, was inside the plane for 1,5 hour and then got kicked out with everyone else. No one offered any complementary food, water wasn’t given. Somehow at 3:30 am they provided the hotel, but she had to share it with the other 2 passengers not related to each other. The transport wasn’t provided, so she had to pay for taxi from her own. By 11 am the hotel told them to check out. She left hotel and took taxi back to the airport. Only business class was take care of. We spent another 5 hours in the airport waiting for some news. At 5 pm they opened check in for another flight.  After all this long upsetting time the new flight got delayed again! For another 1,5 hours. I'm not sure if they rebooked her for next flight from Istanbul to Odessa, I hope there it will be okay. The company doesn’t care about customers at all, will definitely never use it again
  Manchester to Johannesburg, SA via Istanbul. Very disappointed with this airline. My husband and I flew out separately and returned together. I opted for vegetarian meal as I cannot tolerate spicy food, only to receive Ratatouille made with chili sauce and a stuffed chilli for breakfast. I could not get the TV monitor out from the side of the seat, and my request for help was ignored. Same thing happened with my husband with his TV monitor. Return trip - very hot plane and our request for extra water with ice was ignored. Staff were sullen and unresponsive - both inflight and at Artatuk Airport. Needless to say, will not be using this airline again. Have written to complain, to date - no reply.
  Athens to Singapore via Istanbul. I saw a bug on top my screen on the seat in front of me, grabbed the serviette to squash it and it looked like a tick. The meals were disappointing as I requested oriental vegetarian but given vegetarian meal and was told it’s the same. How is that so when the name printed on the meal sticker is not my name? 
  Istanbul to Athens. My boyfriend and I booked multiple destination flights with Turkish Arline. We departed from Los Angeles to Istanbul, stayed for 1 night, and then had a flight from Istanbul to Athens. We were not able to check-in in their website or app, because of website problems, we arrived 2.5 hours early to the airport early, asked for help, but we were sent to the wrong line, by airport staff. By the time we got to the front of the check-in line, we were told that we could no longer check-in, because our flight was departing in 50 minutes. We were sent to the cashiering department and asked to pay $950 per person for a flight that was 1.5 hour long and listed online for $120 dollars per person. They  stated that if we didn't buy the tickets through them, we would not be able to use the rest of our booked flights. My boyfriend panicked and paid, we wrote a complain in the Turkish Arline website; asking for a refund for the extra $950 we paid, per person. But they denied our petition without an explanation to address my initial complaint. 
  Montreal to Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. Quick check-in and boarding. The hard product is comfortable but lacks privacy due to 2x2x2 configuration of the business class cabin which means no direct aisle access for all seats. The FA's were pleasant and professional although their English was not very good. Food quality was average and below their historical standards. Toilets were kept reasonably clean and tidy throughout the journey. IFE had many choices but list of films needed an update with very few recent releases. Flight left on time and arrived a full hour ahead of schedule. The disembarkation via buses remains a total nuisance and mystery as there were plenty of vacant air bridges. Overall a decent experience but the business class product is inferior to the Gulf and Southeast Asian carriers.
  Gatwick to Antananarivo via Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. Expensive ticket gave us flat beds and reasonable food but unable to sleep in business class cabin due to clattering banging and shouting from the galley area practically all the time the lights were out for sleep time! Dreadful experience . At Istanbul business lounge huge but only 6 ladies toilets and a 3 hour wait for a shower! 
 Worst possible ground service I have experienced. The staff were rude and not aware of the many visa policy changes and insists on being right though proven otherwise through official government channels. And flights not on time.
  Houston to Dammam via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines would be passable flying as a student at ultra-economy prices, but its business class is quite poor in comparison to some of the Gulf airlines. Staff were not overly interested in client service and spoke little English. There were long lines for everyone including those who had paid for business class. Overseas seats are not private and small. The land facilities were crowded, disorganized, and fairly dirty. A very low-end business class with fairly poor treatment.
  This is the first time I have flown Turkish Airlines and I had high expectations after seeing their commercials on TV and reading about them on various internet sites. I was flying business class from New York JFK to Bangkok via Istanbul (3 hour lay-over). My first leg was on a B777-300ER. The flight was 1 hour late departing JFK due to late arrival of the aircraft. The business class, flat bed configuration was 2x3x2, so even if you were seated in an aisle, you got disturbed by the other person wanting aisle access. I see this as a major draw-back on long flights (9 hours) when you are trying to sleep and someone is crawling over you multiple times to use the bathrooms. My second leg from Istanbul to Bangkok (also 9 hours) was on a A330 with a 2x2x2 business class configuration. On this plane you definitely want the middle seats as each person has direct aisle access. With that being said, the flat beds on both flights were spacious, comfortable and functional with lots of storage. The in-flight entertainment system was very good with an extensive and up-to-date selection of movies, TV shows, live sports etc. The food service was very good with the onboard chefs serving you. I did not use the WiFi, but it seemed it was difficult to connect to as many of the passengers in business class both flights were asking the flight attendants for assistance. The cabin staff were well trained, professional and attentive. Overall I would give them 4 stars, mostly due to the dual business class seat configuration when most of the Asian and Middle East carriers have individual pods and the one hour late departure from JFK.
  Night flight from Athens to Istanbul. Departed on time. Efficient check in and security procedures. Flight duration of one hour and 40 minutes, during which some light meal was served - consisted of a sandwich and croissant stuffed with cheese and halal meat. Salad and desert were given, as well as refreshments, tea and coffee. All foodstuff was of excellent taste and quality! Very fast and efficient cabin crew, the only minus was their limited ability to speak English. Ear phones were handed out - inflight entertainment was very good considering the time limitation.
  Flew Athens to Istanbul. Flight was a late night arriving at IST 30 min after midnight. Ground service at ATH were good. Departed on time. Inflight service was quick and efficient - only drawback was that flight attendants did not speak english. Food was a sandwich and a croissant with cheese and non-pork ham, some salad and a dessert. All of excellent quality and very tasty! Seat comfort was good, considering it was a short flight. The cabin was clean, as well as the toilets. A non-eventful and pleasant flight. Handed out to keep headphones, useful for listening to music, because the flight took less than two hours, which is most movies last for.
 Turkish Airlines offered a great service on this late night route from Bangkok to Istanbul. The aircraft wasn't very new, but it was clean and the flight attendants made an effort to offer quality service. Meal service was very good and the in-flight chef ensured that all went according to plan. Despite a fully booked cabin, flight attendants were courteous and pleasant.
 Turkish Airlines did not disappoint on this route. Despite a fully booked cabin, flight attendants offered a quality and attentive service. The newness of the aircraft offered comfort and amenities. The in-flight service was top notch with good meals and a good quality IFE system. Good job, Turkish Airlines!
  Istanbul to Barcelona. We missed our flight in Istanbul.  We asked for help we even pleaded for help and was ignored by everyone behind counter.  We called the customer service and received no help because of lack of English. Finally about 2 hours after our flight had left we were able to talk with someone at the counter and told we had to buy a full priced ticket for $700 per passenger.  We called our son back in the states and he was able to get us on the same flight that they were trying to sell us for $700 for only $270 from an online travel site. 
  Istanbul to Montreal on Turkish Airlines. Check-in was relatively quick and efficient. Enjoyed the lounge and its vast amenities ahead of boarding. On board, the hard product looked in decent shape with comfortable seating in both upright and lie-flat positions. My request to be relocated to another seat was honoured allowing me to travel with a vacant neighbouring seat. Catering was once again below the standard I had previously experienced on this carrier and definitely below business class catering on the Asian and Middle Eastern carriers. There is clear evidence they are cutting corners with catering which is unfortunate as it used to be their main differentiator. The FA's were attentive and promptly responded to requests. The biggest issue in flight was the cabin temperature which was uncomfortably hot and took a long time to regulate after many passengers complained. Also the toilets could have used more attention which I had to point out on two occasions. The IFE was OK and had a decent selection of movies and a great music library. The free wifi worked well throughout the journey. We were late departing but arrived on schedule. Upon landing, we disembarked via the stairs as we did the last time I traveled on this route. This was despite vacant air bridges. Overall it was a good experience but TK has to reverse the downward trend in their catering quality and return to the high standards they used to have.
  Ordu–Giresun to Istanbul. Excellent service for a short flight. It was the first flight of the day taking off at 4:50 am. Though full, it was on time and all procedures, check in and boarding were performed swiftly. The cabin was nice though no individual screens, just overheards for safety demonstrations and maps, along with a few commercials. Very professional crew, elegant and efficient and amazingly cheerful, captain announcements was very pleasant. Although planned for 1h 45 duration, the flight lasted a short 1h20 minutes. During this time, economy service was performed with tea, coffee, juices served in elegant paper cups along with hot salty pastries. Excellent landing. Very pleasant.
  Amsterdam to Mauritius, with a stopover in Istanbul. That part of the journey went well, without any problems, good service. The return trip was badly organized. On September 30th, flight TK161 (Mauritius-Istanbul) was scheduled for 20.05. First we received the announcement that the flight was delayed until 21:30. At 20:30 we had to go to another gate and then we heard that the flight was canceled. We had to go to another gate, were listed, had to pick up the luggage, went thru the passport check and after 1 hour we were transported by bus to hotels. Our hotel: Palms Hotel, Quatre Bornes, Mauritius, a 45-minute drive. Room was reasonable but did not seemed to be used recently, because all the lamps were still disconnected and we had no hot water. Dinner consisted of rice, red pepper potatoes, lettuce and a meat sauce.  We have been able to rest for 3 hours because sleep was not possible due to the noise of a disco / nightclub. We were told that breakfast was served at 4pm at night, at the reception. But there was nobody, we had to switch on the lights ourselves. At 04:50 a few crackers, butter, slices of sausage, pineapple and yogurt were placed on a table. No coffee, tea, water, etc. Another group was lucky because they were transferred to a luxury hotel, where they could sleep and have a real breakfast. At 5:00pm the buses went to the airport. At 6:00 pm check-in, including luggage, but the staff was very chaotic, there was no supervision. We were promised that they were already arranging the transition stopover in Istanbul. At 8:30 the plane left for Istanbul where we arrived more than 9 hours later. Some people who also had a transfer flight, received a boarding pass at the exit of the gate, but most had to go to the Transfer Desk very quickly. There we were totally hopeless when we saw a queue of 80, perhaps 100 people. A hard-working employee selected 20 persons. Fortunately, we belonged to that group (entirely random) that was brought to a Business Transfer Desk after a 2nd quick 10 minute walk. At first, they wanted or could not handle anything for us. Eventually they gave the Amsterdam people of that group, new boarding passes, TK1955 Istanbul-Amsterdam from 19:30. We were lucky because we arrived at 22:05 in Amsterdam. When we got there, we missed 1 of our 2 suitcases. And we were not the only victims, because the entire handling and registration cost us 2 hours extra time. Sunday night at 2:00 we were at home, at last. Monday afternoon we were told that the suitcase was found and was kept behind in Istanbul. End well, all right, we would like to say, but not in this case, definitely not. We still do not know what the reason for the flight cancellation was. We wondered ourselves, again and again why everything went so extremely wrong. A technical defect can happen and that they do not want to take any risks, we all understand that. However, during our hotel stay and flight to Istanbul, Turkish Airlines had 22 hours to arrange a connecting flight + boarding passes for all, but nothing seemed to be arranged. Why were we dragged from one place to another, had to watch desperate and exhausted how their employees had heated discussions and everything was so organized badly? 
  Cluj-Napoca to Singapore via Istanbul and it was one of the best flight experiences so far. You can freely book your seat in advance (unlike on some airlines where you have to pay for your seat if reserving in advance or they'll seat you miles apart). We flew on an A320 for the short 1 hour flight to IST. The service was great, and my choice on their website for a lactose free meal was met, which was a nice surprise, taking into account the length of the flight. If you have more than a 6 hour layover in Istanbul (which we did), free tours of Istanbul are offered at various times. We took the 6 hour tour, and the tour itself, although a little rushed, was way better than sitting around in the airport. A free meal and entry tickets to attractions are included in the tour. The Boeing 777 to Singapore was impeccable. In flight entertainment is offered in each headrest with various movies, TV shows, live TV and selections of music. The food is very good and the staff is very kind and helpful. Seats are comfortable and although the pitch could be better, most people around me, including myself could find a position to sleep through most of the 10 hour flight. All in all, very happy with the airline, their call center (which I used to reserve my seats) and would gladly fly with them again. .
  New York to Kharkov via Istanbul. Our plane from New York was 3 hours late causing us to miss a connection flight in Istanbul. So because there were no more flights that day going to Ukraine, we had to stay overnight in Istanbul. It was a nightmare waiting to be placed in a hotel. I had no extra diapers or baby food. On top we had to pay for 3 visas to stay in Istanbul (total $90). We were told that we will get reimbursed for visas, so upon our return I started requesting reimbursement. We were granted our reimbursement, however to get your money you have to go to their "closest sales office" - well guess what, for me it is a 2 hour drive! They refused to mail a check for deposit, so now i am out $90 and had a terrible flight all because of no fault of mine. This is unacceptable in this day and age to make someone drive for 2 hours to get $ they are entitled to. Will never use this airline again.
  Antalya to Moscow. We bought business class tickets and wanted to spend 1-2 hours in a lounge - to feed the baby mostly - but there was no lounge available. We double checked with a man who was checking us in where is the lounge for Turkish business class - he send us wrong direction and did not even put priority tags on our luggage.  We spend extra hour in Moscow waiting for luggage with economy class as no tags where provided. 
  Cape Town to Athens via Istanbul. My wife and I were traveling with twins in business class, and her family was also on the plane but traveling in economy class. As we got to the boarding gate, we wanted to get the rest of our family onto business class. There were seats available, but the first person we asked said it was impossible to change seats at such a late time. I then met a staff member and he called someone in Istanbul to see if it was possible. After a few phone calls, he asked for my credit card details and was able to upgrade the rest of my family to business class. The reason this is so impressive is that he had to go against the inbuilt systems to delight a customer. I think the airline industry needs more staff like him and less people who just follow the process. I will be flying Turkish airlines again because of this.
  London to Mombasa via Istanbul, after being told and having my ticket verified by a lady agent at the international transit desk just before passport control that i qualify for a free transit hotel for a layover as my transit time was 18hours. I also met the other requirements such as being in transit from a Turkish Airlines flight to another Turkish Airline flight that was international as well as the connection flight being the only option hence being forced by the Turkish Airlines schedule structure thus requiring a layover as there was no shorter connection from Istanbul with Turkish Airlines on the same day. After having arrived at the hotel desk with people who just got of the flight I was told that the hotels were full and there was nothing he could do about it apart from offering me a voucher to compensate for the hotel for a bus trip around Istanbul at 7am - bearing in mind that its was 2am and I had no sleep. Long story short he claimed to be the supervisor and a colleague beside him the manager, he gave me a counter number for the Turkish Airlines customer service number to which I called and was told I met the requirements but they wouldn’t provide, forcing me to give up. I not only wasted $30 for the visa required to get through passport control but my time. They also use a trick to bypass the free transit hotel: If they are aware of long delays (more than 10 hours) they just break down 1 big delay into multiple short delays. If they adds flights to their schedule between the time of booking and date of travel they will not offer the hotel. 
  Washington to Istanbul. Food service was poor. They run out of dinner with fish after serving almost 50 passengers and I had no other option but pasta with cheese sauce.  My return on Sept 19 2017 was terrible. A woman was changing her baby's diaper by the food service area. Flight attendant was incapable of doing something about it. During dinner time they once again run out and I was served this time eggplant with rice.  By the time they service our section my food was cold. I gave my dinner back. When I told the flight attendant she said 'she will let her supervisor know' but nobody came to talk to me nor offered anything else to eat.  I believe I had to get upset like other passengers to receive better dinner and service.  I have been flying with Turkish Airlines for 15 years and have lost confidence for the quality service and competency of keeping passengers satisfaction. 
  Toronto to Istanbul. Check in and boarding were smooth. Onboard, the aircraft interior looked worn, the air was stale and sticky. The socks and bottles of salad dressing from the previous flight were left on the seat indicating a poor clean-up and prep effort. The seat was comfortable in both the upright and lie flat position allowing me to get a decent night's sleep. The catering was a let-down and a significant deterioration from what I have experienced on previous TK flights. There were no pre meal canapés, appetizers were limited and main course was bone dry. The wine list featured the same labels as they had 12 months ago. The IFE was OK but could have used more recent releases. The FA's were slow in their service and tended to mill around the galley. Toilets were kept in reasonably good state throughout the flight. The wifi was good and operated without interruption. The flight left late but landed on schedule. Overall it was a decent experience but the decline in catering quality was very obvious.
 Bad experience I was flying from Istanbul to Prague by TK1769 on Aug 28. The plane has been A321 and I have never seen such a worn out plane. Personal entertainment system was not functioning. The biggest problem was that my seat did not fix in upright position, which was making both me and the passenger behind very uncomfortable. I felt like plane must be 20 years+ old just to find out it is ex Jet Airways (India) plane, only 8.5 years old. The plane was really poor and crew visibly uninterested to try resetting entertainment system or finding a suitable seat for me. They did not care. Very disappointing.
  Cologne to Shiraz via Istanbul. My first plane was delayed in Cologne so I couldn't catch my next flight so Turkish Airlines offered a ticket for my final destination which was due in 18 hours. In such situations you can either go to a hotel and rest or take a city tour.  The hotel was supposedly 5 star, I would not say that my residence was bad, but I prefer to be home on time. 
  London to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. Really impressed with the hard products and 9 abreast seats in B777 economy. Even more impressed with the live television services, though limited channels. I would not have imagined watching a UEFA Champions League / World Cup qualifier game whilst travelling intercontinental. Food is good relative to other airlines. Was relieved that my check-in luggage made it through to Kuala Lumpur, after there was a 50 minutes delay from my departure at Heathrow. At Istanbul, I was off the plane and straightaway dashed to my connection gate. Made it into the connection to Kuala Lumpur, but was resigned that my luggage wouldn't make it and may come in on the following flight. Thankfully, it reached KUL together with me. One reservation about the hardproduct is seat pitch, especially on the A330. I'm 6 foot 1, and really feel the tightness. Not much improvement on the B777, but perhaps bearable for a 9 hours flight.
  London to Riyadh via Istanbul. I booked a seat by the window on the right-hand side. The flight left at 01:20 so I expected to be able to sleep. On going through the gate security the staff scribbled out the seat number and wrote the same row (31, I believe, the second to last row) but wrote seat E. I asked why and they said the plane had been changed but it was the same size as the first leg and I was supposed to be in the exact same seat - 31F. I tried to engage them further but they just waved me off. The flight attendants on board said the flight was overbooked which was a lie. The person next to me, who had taken my seat, was a woman with a crying baby. I said nothing to her as that would be rude, and I'm not as rude as Turkish Airlines' staff. This is by no means the first time it has happened, but only seems to be leaving or entering Saudi Arabia. Sometimes I appreciate a woman doesn't want to be seated next to a male stranger, but this woman was still next to me, and had the side of the plane to lean on - exactly why I chose to book the seat in advance, instead of just turning up knowing the staff will steal someone else's. One good point was she had a huge, blow up cushion between her and the aircraft window which I will look for and use when I fly in future, with a different airline of course.
  Hong Kong - Istanbul - Copenhagen on B777-300 and A321, respectively. Flew 5+6 September 2017. Both flights on time. I arrived very early due to few connections to HKG from my departure town Danang by Vietnam with a LCC carrier, Jetstar. Thus I had to leave transit and pick luggage after immigration. However, I could not check in early in HKG so I had to take the Airport Express train and backtrack myself some 40 km downtown for city check in which is possible 8 hours prior to departure while in Airport only 4 hours are granted. The city check-in took 2 minutes when finally there, but to access the Kowloon station in question (for city check-in) took me >1 hour. By checking in there I got rid of my luggage and the BP issued granted me lounge access upon returning to HKG airport. I tried all three Star-alliance lounges and found Silverkris having the best food, drinks, and staff, while the Thai and United lounges had stunning panorama view towards the tarmac making up for modest food and drink supplies (and no champagne) and very few staff. Onboard the FAs are friendly and caring. However, all appear to be of only one (Turkish?) nationality. This is a pity as they obvious have received limited, internal training - which results in a less perfect flight experience as the FA’s, in general, have lower skills and possess limited, modest exposure. The wandering cook onboard is superfluous in my view and makes a clown out of himself. IFE good. Headphones were of superb quality (“Devon”). Chairs turned into spacious flat beds. Full set of bedsheets provided. Toilets clean throughout. Food was very good with options. Two full meal rounds served on this 12 hour flight - plus dine on demand was apparently possible (hot snacks). Drinks fine with G.H. Mumms champagne. Transit in Istanbul is normally a hassle but this time it went smooth and no queues. CIP lounge is a breeze – I had nice shower and a delicious breakfast. The last sector IST-CPH was on an A321-200 with true business class seats (2 x 2 configuration) and good service including offering champagne in mini-bottles. Only 6 seats were occupied (out of 20) on this morning flight. IFE also good.
  Athens to Budapest via Istanbul. There was a delay of 1 hour from Athens airport for the departure of the flight to Istanbul. As a result we reached the airport 20 min before the connection flight takes off for Budapest. There was no announcement about the connection flight, nor arrangement for transferring us to the gate/airplane. We reached the gate 10 min before the flight, but the gate was closed.  We were informed by the employee there, to get to another gate which was wrong walking again for a long distance and then finally got at the transfer desk, where after a long waiting que we were informed for our overnight stay in a hotel in Istanbul so as to get the flight of 7.00 am to Budapest. We were informed that our luggage had been out of the plane. Then we had to leave the hotel 3 hours before, which means at 4.00 am.
  Brussels to Istanbul.  Business class has the typical recliners that are better than most airlines in narrow body aircraft. My check in experience in Brussels was horrible. The business class check in agent was unexperienced and arrogant. It literal took 20min to get my bags on the plane and then she started nagging about my handluggage hereby strictly enforcing an 8kg business class rule. I went to see the station manager, had to repack stuff whereafter she once sgain said it was too much. Another trip to station manager and with some dont do it again words he let me go. I had to run to get on my plane. One thing is for sure I wont do it again and will choose another airline. I recommend the airline not to use such personalities for customer service.
  Buenos Aires to Barcelona via Istanbul. Seats are ok, but not the best. The good thing is that they are fully flat, the bad thing is that they do not all offer direct aisle access (and that there are 3 seats together in the middle row  in business class). That said, I also have to say that the Buenos Aires - Istanbul flight is very long because of the stop in Sao Paulo, but flying business class in TK makes it seem shorter, the IFE is quite good and the food is great. I take this flight twice a year and even though the food service deteriorated a bit lately, it is still very good compared to other airlines (unfortunately on my last flights there was no more amuse bouche, no more many options of starters to pick from the trolley and no more final trolley with coffee and petit fours-the latter was now consolidated with the dessert trolley, also the champagne on board was downgraded from Taittinger to Mumm). As I said the meals service is still good but it could be a lot better if flight attendants would be more proactive at offering drinks and refills. They just do not do it, you need to call them every time you need a refill (it does not happen in many other airlines) and when you do they take forever and it is obvious are not willing to do it. Overall, I would recommend TK business class because the food is very good and the seats are confortable, but they need to improve the service on board. If they did, they would be quite perfect.
  Dammam to London via Istanbul. Paid for seat reservations on both flights and they were not honoured. When I asked the flight team I was told there was nothing that could be done. When I then complained to the airline I was basically told that changes to aircrafts are made and they don't feel the need to inform you of those changes or refund the price that you have paid for the seat reservations. Deeply unhappy. I will not be using them again.
 My first business class trip with Turkish Airlines. I had a free upgrade because of a cancelled flight (weather conditions). Boarding was chaotic, no different line for business class passengers but it's because of the limited capacity of Ataturk airport. Onboard, food, entertainment, seats were great.
  For my vacation to Turkey I decided to fly with Turkish Airlines instead of a charter airline like SmartWings. We boarded an A321-200 in Prague, seats were really nice with really good pitch and each seat has personal IFE which is geat for a 2 hours flight. The headphones were not very good, but thats ok. Problem was that for half of the flight the IFE wasn't working, but when it did it had plenty of movies, games, music etc. We received a warm sandwich and dessert on this flight which were tasty along with a good seletion of drinks, only problem was that only 1 drinks round was made. Second flight was on a Boeing 737-800 which was a bit older and only had screens above our heads, but it was a 55 minute flight (on the way back this flight was operated by A321-200 with IFE) and even on this short flight we received drinks and food (same sandwich just no dessert). Overall these were really nice flights and I would fly with Turkish again. The A321 was really nice and IFE for 2 hours flight is great, it is just the crew that could be little bit better.
  Johannesburg to Brussels via Istanbul. Our first holiday that we flew with Turkish Airlines and probably our last. However we are satisfied about the staff on board, it's the lack of customer care that makes the final result of this review. As we arrived home we found out that one of the locks of our suitcases was damaged in a way that this lock could not be used any more.  No message of Customs was left. An inquiry at Samsonite showed that this part can not be repaired. So we are forced to buy a new suitcase because of this damage. Turkish Airlines is responsible to take care of our bagage and if some problem occurs, they should offer a solution. Challenge 1 is to find out how to claim damaged baggage. Found on the internet and made a claim the next day. Challenge 2 is to convince Turkish Airlines (Customer Care) about the real cause of the damage, since they decline a claim immediately. Challenge 3 is to convince them about the fact that the suitcase is not repairable. If it would be, we should send it to a national Samsonite repair center (costs!). But they confirmed that the lock is no longer available (only during the warranty time of 5 years). A copy of these emails were sent to TA, but the refuse to accept it and think about another solution. Challenge 4 is to convince TA that for me the only solution is that I have to buy a new suitcase, which I did, and to get a refund as compensation. I bought a new Samsonite, sent my invoice to them and asked them to solve this matter, but again they answered that only repairs will be paid.  When you pay over 2500 Euros for your tickets, you have the right to expect customer service as it should be. Let's end positive about the airplane and staff. The airplane is new well cleaned and you there is a lot of entertainment to choose on your personal screen. Staf is really friendly and drinks and meals are alright. We just did not understand why on a night flight it took so long to get your meal after the take off. It would be nice to get it earlier and then get some more time to sleep.
  Flew New York JFK to Paris CDG via Istanbul. Long Transatlantic flights can be tough but with Turkish Airlines the experience is always top notch. Both flights were on time. Meal service was exceptional (for today's airline standards) plus the amenity kit in economy class with socks, slippers, toothpaste and lip balm in it is a nice touch. Wide variety of inflight entertainment from all over the world. Cabin crew were caring, courteous, smiling and always professional. Keep it up, Turkish Airlines!
  Manchester to Ercan via Istanbul. We are flying again in September and for various reasons wanted to change dates. The customer service operator was exceedingly sympathetic and helpful and while I was on the phone he exceeded my expectations and did more than I could have asked. I now have exactly what I wanted at no extra cost. We love Turkish Airlines and always use them if we can.
  Jakarta to Sao Paulo return via Istanbul with Boeing 777-300ER in Business Class. I felt that the entertainment screen is quite small, it is adequate but would be great if we could enjoy larger screen size. Food options were satisfying and presentation was nice thanks to Do&Co catering. It would be great if they offer flexibility to their pax to be able to opt to dine whenever they wish (not only in a designated meal service time). This is particularly for the red-eye flight like Sao Paulo-Istanbul which depart at 3am and a meal was served just after take off. Cabin crew polite and courteous especially Indonesian-bound flight. Lounge at Istanbul was great with many food selections but much fewer when you departing late at night. One most point that need to be improved is the boarding arrangement at the Departure Gate especially for Business Class Passengers ! There was indeed a special Line for business class pax but mostly were blocked by the long economy pax queue that we had to struggle to find the dedicated line for business class pax.
  Istanbul to Hatay. I wish to thank Turkish Airlines. I missed my plane and I couldnt catch my flight but the staff was kind enough to switch the ticket for me and help me complete my trip the same day. My flight was at 9am and it became 9pm, even if it is 12 hours later but they helped me not to suffer going back later.
  Los Angeles to Bucharest via Istanbul three weeks ago. My two bags were not delivered until now. I followed all the procedures requested, I sent all the information required for identification of my bags (including their photos and the lists of properties), I sent them a lot of emails, but no one gives me any news. I am shocked by the lack of involvement of the Claim Department staff in this case. I do not recommend this company.
 Flying Turkish Airlines is always a good if not great experience regardless of what class you are flying. But I have to say that what distinguishes TK from any other airline I have travelled with, and I do travel a lot for both work and leisure, is the customer service. It is absolutely exceptional. I have missed my flight with a different airline twice, because of the airport I flew out of and both times Turkish airlines saved my trip! Even though they were not responsible for the problems I had in the airports or with the airlines, because my connecting flights were through Turkish Airlines they were the people that got me on the next flight in a most convenient timeframe and manner. The first time I travelled with Turkish Airlines, the representative even booked a hotel for me, because I was a college student traveling to the US for the first time and I missed my flight with a different airline because of a long customs line in the airport. Not only that but they also rebooked my three connecting flights for the next day and provided all the information I would need to have a safe comfortable stay in a strange city. Bottom line, best customer service I have ever had. Keep doing what you are doing Turkish Airlines!
  Nairobi to Heathrow via Istanbul. The flight from Nairobi delayed by close to one hour and I almost missed my connecting flight to London. I was travelling with 2 suitcases both of which were missing when we got to London. One suitcase was delivered 4 days later and the other is still missing more than one week down the line. The airline does not give any updates on the progress of tracing the lost baggage and refers you to a robot site that has the same update "tracing continues check later for updates" for seven days. It is unfortunate I had booked a return flight, otherwise, I am not flying Turkish Airlines again!
  Amsterdam to Bangkok via Istanbul. In Amsterdam we got an upgrade because of an overbooked plane. We received our new boarding pass for seats 6J/6K, only 15 minutes before boarding started. When we wanted to board, the scanning system told our seats were changed back to economy. According to Turkish Airlines helpdesk, this is a normal procedure. To upgrade and downgrade whenever they want. It was not Turkish Airlines mistake, but from the handling company. Also in Istanbul, staff was not friendly at all! They ran away when we wanted to ask a question about this situation.
  Istanbul to Bangkok. After several positive flight experiences with Turkish Airlines, my last flight from Istanbul to Bangkok was very disappointing. The flight boarded, albeit somewhat chaotically, on time. Once all passengers were on board, we waited for about 1 hour before an announcement was made that the aircraft needed to be changed due to technical problems. That in itself was not a major problem, though somewhat of an inconvenience, however attention to safety was appreciated. Once we were back in the gate boarding area, there was only one ground agent who seemed to have no idea how to cope with the situation. No announcements were made. Once a new departure time was set for 2 hours later, we boarded a new aircraft. The cabin staff seem to have been affected by all of this, as our flight was now almost 3 hours delayed. After serving the meal they were nowhere to be seen for a long time, some left with empty meal trays for 1 hour before passengers had had enough and started clearing their own trays by bringing them to the galley. I made a comment about this inconvenience to the flight purser, who told me that he would have to "write me up" for making a complaint about the long wait time for clearing up after the meal service. I was disappointed by this attitude and treatment. 
  Flew Dalaman to Istanbul Ataturk. Found the Business Class check-in tucked away in the corner of a seething departure hall. Showing my Gold card, I was politely and promptly checked in. I was told where to find the CIP lounge. In there it felt more like a school playground with children running noisily around in circles. Obviously not the fault of Turkish Airlines. Slight delay in boarding as the aircraft came in late. No boarding announcements made (until I boarded at least) but people just moved forward. One lady called out something in barely audible Turkish language, but nothing in English. Before take-off they showed the safety briefing on drop-down screens. Those screens then remained down, just showing the Turkish Airlines logo, throughout the flight. In fact they were still down as we got off the plane in Istanbul. After take-off the Captain explained and apologised for the delay. We were served a warm cheese and tomato roll with soft and hot drinks. In fact identical to the snack when I flew from Istanbul a few days earlier. But it was welcome and tasty and perfectly adequate for 11.30 pm. Two very smiling and friendly flight attendants served us. As we flew in circles the Captain announced a change in runway meant a further 15 minutes delay. We finally landed - with the only occupant in the row in front of me in his seat fully reclined. After landing we were told we could use our electronic devices so I looked at the flight path we had flown. It was certainly convoluted! We were taken by bus to the domestic terminal and all in all 30 minutes delay. I have not had a delayed Turkish Airlines flight for months so not a big deal for me.
  Billund to Delhi via Istanbul. On 29th July our travel from Billund via Istanbul was delayed by 24 hours due to heavy delay in first flight which resulted in missing next fligh.t We stuck at Istanbul airport with family and could not go out as we did not had working international credit card to get E-Visa. We had US Dollars in cash but there was no system at Istanbul airport to pay for E-Visa in cash. This resulted us spending 24 hours at airport with family and 1 year old baby. It was one of the worst experience we had. Ground staffs at Istanbul airport were very uncooperative. 
  Brussels to Entebbe via Istanbul. Our train was delayed, but we arrived at the airport 80 minutes before our scheduled flight.  The check-in area was very busy and confusing with several queues. We waited in the queue for 25 minutes to find out that we had been standing in the wrong queue, as there were two flights to Istanbul that day at similar times. We came to the check-in counter when the lady informed us that we are at the wrong counter and we are too late and check-in is already over. She then directed us to the Turkish Airline counter but he told us that he cannot help us. We pointed out that we only have two small carry-on bags and all we need is a boarding pass (and we still had 50 minutes to departure). He refused with a smirk adding that that's not his problem.  We ended up spending thousands of Euros for our new tickets, paying for a hotel, and changing the schedule of our trip and all of it was unnecessary.  We understand that there are strict airline policies and passengers need to arrive to check-in on time. All we needed was for someone to issue us tickets.
  Algiers to Dubai via Istanbul. Stsrted at the check in where I had to wait 1,5 hour in line to just drop off my bag although I had checked in online, due to slow staff, who not only took at least 10 minutes to check in a passenger but also had no idea about the seats on the plane and I was given a wrong seat in result. The flight was also delayed 60 mins.  My wife traveled the same route in August and both her flights were delayed 1 hour and she wasn't given a protective bag for the stroller although she was promised to recieve it at the plane entrance and she did not get the seat that has a child bassinet. 
  Turkish Airlines once again pulled off an excellent inflight service on a very short domestic flight from Istanbul to Izmir. With a flight time of only 42 minutes they still managed to serve a fully booked Business Class cabin a hot meal on real china with dessert and beverages - and all with courteous, friendly service. Most carriers in Europe and the US wouldn't offer anything on such a short route. The IFE system was of good quality, however headphones were not provided. For those that had, personal headphones worked fine. Well done, Turkish Airlines, for putting service back into airline travel!
  Although the use of an older aircraft on this route was initially a disappointment (Oslo to Istanbul), I was once again pleasantly surprised by the outstanding service provided by Turkish Airlines cabin crew. The meal, drink selection, and service were excellent. Even though there was no inflight entertainment system, business class passengers were provided with their personal tablets to watch movies and listen to music. Once again - a great flight and great service on Turkish Airlines!
  Bangkok to Tunis via Istanbul. Very disappointed by their online booking system. When I booked my ticket online I have choosen to pay the most expensive rate to get a flexible ticket for which I could change the date and re-issue the ticket for free. (At least that's what was written). It has to be said that I never had the possibility to choose the Class within the Business Class. Then few days later when I have requested to change the date of my return flight (bring it one day earlier) , I have been asked to pay 500€ (15% of the complete ticket value) because the fare was different.  This was never mentionned during the booking....
  Zurich to Dubai via Istanbul. Punctual boarding in Zurich on a clean and new looking 321-200 with winglets. Seats were black and red, very modern looking and up to date touchscreen and sound AVOD. Crew worked non stop on 2 hour 30 minute flight, excellent food and drinks, wines and spirits offered. Turkish Airlines have invested in high quality product but also have a young flight crew who work hard and have high levels of service. The connection at Istanbul was tight but worked. We were bused out in pouring rain to remote stand 777-00 and a packed flight left on time. Crew again offered good food, this time beef kofte and rice, offered spirits and wine, tirelessly worked on this night flight. 
  Moscow to Bangkok via Istanbul. Quick and efficient check in at Vnukovo Airport. However no priority lane at the airport and very slow processing of my exit from Russia meant that I nearly missed the flight. First sector had reclining seats. Cabin service was good and the meal was good. The second sector was a week later from Istanbul to Bangkok. The check in was efficient and fast, there was a special clearance lane for Turkish Airlines passengers (different to the normal fast track for other airlines and this lane fed straight into the lounge). The plane was a little late taking off and there seemed to be no hurry with the meal service, a pity as I would rather have slept straight away and just had breakfast. The food and wine on the plane was good. The bed was comfortable and I slept well. There was a priority lane service but not used as there was no queue in Immigration.My luggage was the first off - there has been a problem where two or more sectors are flown but not on this occasion. I was happy with the service and will continue to fly Turkish airlines.
  Istanbul to Tel Aviv return. Quick efficient check in for both Istanbul (economy class) and Tel Aviv (business class, because I was changing to Business Class from Istanbul). The bag was priority checked through to Bangkok and was first off the flight in Bangkok. Both flights left and landed on time and a light meal served on both flights despite being only two hours long. Seats were okay and I had adequate legroom. Toilets were clean.
  Bangkok to Istanbul. Business Class was great. Food was excellent, service is fine (not as good as Qatar Airways or Singapore Airlines but still very good). Business Class seats are comfortable and can be transformed in a bed. Turkish Airlines is really a great airline.
  Tel Aviv to Boston via Istanbul. Overall, a very good experience. Biggest negative was the very tight leg-room on the long-legs of this trip, especially since the person in front of me put their seat back as soon as we took off for the entire 10 hour trip. Big suggestion - get on the plane as soon as you can so you can store your carry-on in the overhead compartment, otherwise you are in big trouble for leg room. I felt claustrophobic on the Boston to Istanbul leg because of this issue. Felt much more comfortable on the 10+ hour Istanbul to Boston leg with my back-pack stored above me rather than under the seat in front of me. Also got a great price by ordering the ticket 4+ months in advance, though did have to pay extra for flight insurance.
  Dublin to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines fall short in all areas from customer service to cabin and inflight experience. The lounge they use at Dublin is the worst experience. No recognition of business class passengers - we pay for this experience, but it is non existent. Narrowbody business class seating not overly comfortable, especially when in the recline position, especially the leg rest or lack of leg rest. Poor in flight service, feeling of being a burden to the cabin staff, despite only 50% occupation on business class cabin. IFE screen malfunction, poor response from crew and no offer of seat change.  Not worth the extra fare for business class as there was a total lack of experience. I submitted feedback and received a response from them that did not address the basis of the feedback.
  Bangkok to London via Istanbul. First leg from Bangkok was an A330. Flight was delayed due to weather in BKK, unfortunately they only announced the delay after everyone had gone to the gate. Flight boarded about 45 min late and the crew were not quite ready when passengers boarded as they had arrived late and seemed a bit stressed about the delay which stuck with them for most of the flight. Despite the stress they were friendly and provided a good service. Welcome drinks were served but they ran out of TK's signature lemonade, which is a bit poor. That said the flight was otherwise great, dinner was served swiftly after take off and the food was a huge improvement on the outbound flight. The steak was one of the best I have had on a flight for years. After dinner beds were made and the lights were turned off. Breakfast was served about 2 hours before landing and this time the crew did remember to collect the breakfast orders so everything was served correctly. Despite the delay in take off we landed on time in IST. Transfer security were not quite awake when we showed up at 4 am in IST but we got through quickly and on to the excellent lounge at IST. While the lounge is excellent, by 6am is was extremely busy and seat were hard to come by. As personal electronic devices has to be gate checked for travel to the UK the gate process took about 15 minutes to get through but TK has done a fairly good job of streamlining the process, especially for business class passengers. Boarding was reasonably organised and boarding for the LHR flight was quickly completed. Flight this time was a Boeing 777 which left on time from IST. Again breakfast was quickly served. While the hot choice was limited is was tasty none the less. The cabin crew was far more relaxed on this flight and an absolute pleasure. Flight landed on time at LHR. The process of getting PED's was almost as cumbersome as getting them checked in but TK staff did their best to return devices as quickly as possible.
  Beijing to Atlanta via Istanbul. The flight itself was very good. My issue is with the mediocre to bad service outside of the flight. I purchased an economy ticket and tried to use my miles (from another airline within Star Alliance) to upgrade one segment of the flight. Simple? Not at all. I made sure that I purchased the ticket with the correct code (B) since you can only upgrade on Y and B codes. Then I upgraded the ticket using my miles, but was then told that the upgrade would change the code to an I. Code I does means that I get no miles for the flight even though I paid full price for the ticket. I tried to contact Turkish Airlines through their website and received no reply. I tried to contact them through their social media sites and was told to be patient and I would receive a reply. Two weeks later I checked the status and found out that Turkish Airlines had canceled my ticket. I contacted my travel agent who found out that my upgrade had created a duplicate ticket in their system so they had just canceled everything, all without informing me. Then they tried to charge me a reissuing fee for their mistake. Then I tried to upgrade again and couldn't online so I contacted them (this time by phone) and was told that their system was down and they couldn't do anything.
  Turkish Airlines has been one of my favorite airlines for this route among various options, due to the unavailability of direct flights between Tunisia and Bahrain. The outbound trip from Bahrain to Istanbul came on a date that was critical (28 Jun 2016 and what happened in Istanbul Airport). The airline and airport services worked professionally to cope with the stress around, rescheduling flight cancellations and assigning delayed people to new flights, others have been taken to hotels. I was travelling with my family, everything was arranged smoothly and since we got delayed for the flight of the next morning, we were offered a 5 star hotel accommodation and a Business class upgrade for the connecting flight to Tunis.
  Istanbul to Abuja. Lovely flight, customer service lovely, nice meals, kept to time and very punctual. The Boeing 737-900 is a very small aircraft for a trip of 6 hours+, very uncomfortable and barely have space to stretch or move about. But overall great flight except the fact that the aircraft is so small.
  Cape Town to Athens via Istanbul. They charge for sporting equipment stating it's a 'handling fee'. They are happy to take golf bags and skis free of charge, and diving equipment to three destinations free of charge, but the rest of the world they charge for. It really can't be that hard to handle some fins, a mask and a very small speargun for no charge can it, especially when these make up the only form of checked in baggage? And they do not weigh more than golf equipment or don't take up more space than a golf bag. I've never dealt with an airline that has such inconsistent rules regarding baggage, and made taking other goods overseas so difficult. Speaking to customer service they can't do anything either. Oh and they don't charge sports baggage fees as a single trip return, they charge for each destination where you stop / layover, both there and back, so you could pay up to 90 euros one way,and the same return.
 Delayed take off from Seoul to Athens via Istanbul with Turkish Airlines . Longer trip time (10.5 hours) from the reverse trip (Istanbul to Seoul) though the present voyage is anti-clock wise i.e. you earn some distance from earth's clockwise rotation. Same flight from Istanbul to Seoul was 9.5 hrs. Insufficient cleanliness of the cabin. Normal service. Food variety short. Seats on both flights had small space with front seat, knees were stuck on front seat for a medium size man (1.75 height).
  London to Guangzhou via Istanbul. I chose Turkish Airline on this occasion instead of my regular Qatar Airways. Was a bit apprehensive choosing this airline but what a fantastic airline it turn out to be, flights were punctual, priority boarding at all sectors, attentive and smiling FAs plus a chef on board preparing food which was very tasty and flatbed seats on both aircraft. The only issue, nothing to do with the airline, is the last leg, Istanbul to London and it can be daunting especially after a 10 hour flight where you go through security checks twice and no laptops on hand baggage. Although flying Business Class, the queues is very much the same as travelling economy and it took forever. Apart from the security checks at IST, everything else was as good if not better than some other 5* airlines I have flown. Give this airline a try and you will be pleasantly surprised.
  Gatwick to Bangkok via Istanbul. The arrival experience could be stepped up slightly. There really isn't much of a welcome when you first arrive on board. It takes a while for you to be offered a drink and for a business class traveller, I didn't get any service really throughout the whole flight. There was on both legs of the flight a few moody staff members.  The seat itself is really good. Lay flat beds, however you do have to get up to allow them to put the thin mattress down, but the choice is yours. Meals are good. They are better than many other airlines I have travelled on. The only suggestion would be that the breakfast could be improved slightly. Main course and dessert are really good for airline food. I did once have a hot chocolate and that will be something I never have again. Inflight entertainment offers a limited selection. They could be more up to date movies. Wifi is a good addition too. The whole situation about not being able to take a laptop onboard from Istanbul to London was a right hassle. Chaotic and wasn't controlled well. No signage. People didn't know where they were going, didn't know they had to queue or that they had to have their bags checked again before going to the gate. Check in counter is separate for business class passengers but this is where it ends. When you get to the gateyes they call you up first. But if you are running late, there isn't a clear lane in IST for you to board.  Overall I will continue to fly Turkish Airlines as they offer a really good service for a really good price. I can let the attention they don't provide to the customers go, but it does need to be addressed. There also doesn't seem to be anything available to snack on in-between meals. I have flown with them a few times and nothing has been on show or shown in the menu.
 Flew London Heathrow to Bangkok via Istanbul. TK1980/TK0064. Decided to go with Turkish Airlines as they had a compelling offer for the holidays. Check-in at LHR was quick and efficient, priority security check provided and access to any of the Star Alliance lounges in Terminal 2 (LH, United, Singapore or Canadian or the Premium Plaza lounge which TK contracts). Boarding began a little late and started somewhat disorganised with conflicting announcements but once the gate agents got them selves sorted boarding was quick and efficient. Lunch was served on the short flight to IST, single tray with 3 options for main course. Not great but beats most airlines. Seat was fully flat and IFE was excellent although no WiFI on this flight. The cabin attendants were a bit robotic but very nice. Flight was on time in to IST and when straight to a gate. On disembarkation there was a choice for connecting flights or arrivals but it looked like they had cordoned off the connecting flight route. Turned out they wanted to see boarding passes to let you through, slightly confusing and not very intuitive. Next flight was also on time, this time there was WiFi on top of the excellent IFE and although the WiFi was slow it worked well through the flight. The cabin crew were fantastic with the attendants looking after our section coming around at the beginning of the flight to introduce herself and point out the cabin service director as well. Seats were comfortable and everything worked with the cabin clean and tidy upon boarding. Amenity kits were handed out shortly after boarding. The evening meal was served about 45 minutes after take off. The starter and desert were great but the mains were pathetic, labelled as “salad and steak” it took some searching of the salad to find the miniature piece of beef. Meals have clearly declined with TK. We were given cards to order breakfast but they were never collected and the breakfast handout was a bit random and the hot options were a bit strange but tasted ok none the less. Overall a good flight, worth recommending if the price point is right.
  Dublin to Istanbul. I was impressed by the flight. Check in and boarding went well. The staff were very friendly and helpful, particularly with the younger passengers. The meal was very tasty, although I was surprised they served a breakfast for a late morning departure. IFE was very good.
  Istanbul to Athens. Unfortunately the plane was delayed, otherwise it was a pleasant flight. I was a bit surprised they didn't offer an alcoholic drink which surprised me for a full service airline. The food offered was a roll, which wasn't too bad considering it was a very short flight .
  Dublin to Istanbul. I enjoyed my flight. It left on time and check in and boarding went very smoothly. The meal was very tasty. I was a bit surprised that they served breakfast given the flight left at 10.50. Towards the end of the flight there were drinks being served which was very much appreciated.
 Istanbul to Montreal on Turkish Airlines. Check-in slower than normal for priority lane on account of extra layer of checks for flights bound for North America. Boarding by zone numbers and quite orderly. On board, the hard product was a little weathered with scuff marks and torn trim. The flight left the gate 35 minutes late and there was no reason provided other than "operational issues". Once airborne, a 5-course lunch was served along with a wide range of drink choices. The food was quite tasty and well presented. The FA's were warm, friendly and very attentive. A special mention goes out to the staff who looked after my side of the aisle with a permanent smile and cheery demeanour throughout the entire flight. The IFE had a good selection but was awkward to navigate at times. Tolilets needed attention and were not always clean / tidy. Flight landed 30 minutes late and for an unknown reason we disembarked via airside buses which is extremely rare for Montreal. Overall the experience was positive and the cabin crew were exceptional.
  Turkish Airlines flight from Montreal to Istanbul was delayed for 10 hours as per online information. Connecting passengers were taken to hotel room but after 10 hours when passengers arrived to airport from hotel, the plane was further delayed for 12 hours. Passengers could not go back to hotel, as hotel checked them out already. So passengers were left in hotel lobby for additional 12 hours. Wheelchair assisted passengers were left with little to no help provided.


  Istanbul to Sao Paulo. Day flight. Managed to get an exit seat so plenty of legroom. Was sat next to Galley, lots of people milling around. Crew provided a high level of service. First meal was nice, second not very. Entertainment system was good. Flight had Wifi which is always a help. Plane was clean although the decor looked old, tired. Istanbul Airport is excellent with one of the best lounges I have ever been in. Enjoyed the flight, price was very good, will definitely fly with Turkish again!
  I was particularly looking forward to TK 1, my first trans-Atlantic business class experience. In most aspects, the flight was outstanding. Lamentably, the only negative occurred right at the start. Check-in went quickly, and the Gold Track security line was instantaneous. I did not have much time to experience the TK lounge because the TV monitors called passengers to the gate and hour and a half before departure. Gate 208 at IST was an absolute caldron. Of course, the security checks for USA departures are extensive, and as I had been informed, my ipad needed to be gate-checked. The problem was waiting and waiting in a huge crowd in a painfully hot gate area. By the time we boarded, I was drenched in perspiration. This is a problem that must be addressed, because a flight that begins uncomfortably in the extreme has to struggle to get back into pleasant territory. Nevertheless, once we boarded, the experience was exceptional. Seating on the 777-300 is 2x3x2. Every seat was occupied, but the seats themselves were full recline and provided adequate room. It almost goes without saying that the DO & CO food onboard was plentiful and delicious. TK provides a dining experience comparable to that of a fine restaurant. Cabin service was outstanding, and passengers who wanted to work or surf were provided with a laptop. The various quirks of the laptop took some time to decipher, but in the end, this provided several hours of amusement. There was a huge selection of movies, music, games, and TV shows. If Turkish Airlines can get control of the boarding experience, their business class service would be easily a 10.
  Madrid to Istanbul was about as seamless and enjoyable as a flight can get. Check-in was immediate and friendly, the Sala Cibeles at Barajas is an excellent lounge, departure and arrival were punctual, and onboard service was outstanding. Skies were clear for the entire route, so the views were enjoyable. Business class seating on the A330-300 is 2x2x2; I had a window seat in row 3 with the aisle seat vacant. The grilled Turkish meatballs were tasty, and the wines, particularly the champagne, were quite good. Although I did not watch the AVOD, I did review the movie choices for my flight to JFK the next day. This was one my most pleasurable flights ever.
  Toronto to Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. Having had my original flight out of Montreal cancelled and rerouted through Toronto with a 24-hour delay, I was bracing for the worst. Contrary to my expectations, everything from check-in through to landing was in perfect order. Flight pulled from the gate slightly behind schedule but landed early. On board, the hard product was starting to show its age with worn out seats and trim. The cabin crew were excellent with smiles all around and very attentive service throughout the journey. The food was not up to TK's usual standard and having flown them long distance multiple times in recent months, I have noticed the quality and quantity have deteriorated. The wines served were the same as what they had on board back in September of last year but plentiful nonetheless. The IFE had a good a selection although it could have benefitted from more recent releases. The seat was comfortable allowing me to get 6 hours of restful sleep. Toilets were kept clean throughout the journey. It was a pleasant experience on the balance and the cabin chief deserved special mention given how he handled my request to be moved to another seat.
  Montreal to Istanbul on TK36. Arrived at the airport 2 hours prior to departure only to find out check-in had been suspended. Passengers were left waiting in the queues for quite sometime before the TK station manger popped up and told everyone the flight had been cancelled. What ensued can only be described as chaos with agents running around collecting contact information from passengers so that they could be notified of their rerouted itinerary. TK operates three flights per week on this route with the next flight scheduled to leave only on Friday. This resulted in a long and extremely slow moving queue in front of the ticketing counter as two agents tried to reprocess a plane load of people. The rest of the ground staff ran around looking like they knew what they were doing but accomplishing next to nothing. The station manager was nowhere to be found with many passengers demanding answers. As the flight is often the very last one of the day, there were no other options left to get the passengers out on the same day with many having to contend with at least a one-day delay. Flight disruptions are an unavoidable part of air travel but TK is not equipped to deal with them as evidenced by the lack of coordination and inefficiency. Their call centre was equally ineffective as they kept saying there was nothing they could do. If TK is well and truly aspiring to become one of the leading carriers, they need to significantly pick up their game in customer relations and response to unforeseen events.
  The flight from Istanbul to Ankara is relatively short but on an early morning with good weather, it's a beautiful flight with a great view from the window. The service on Turkish Airlines is great even on this extremely short trip. Beverages and a breakfast sandwich are served. The breakfast was a simple cheese and tomato sandwich which seems quite standard for turkish breakfast but not too appetizing for me. On the flight to Ankara there was no in-flight entertainment system but there was on the return flight to Istanbul.
 Turkish Airlines makes a real effort to give even their economy passengers a positive experience. Their meals are tasty and generous. They distribute printed menus and amenity kits. Their check in staff are friendly and efficient. My originating United Airlines flight from Tampa was cancelled at the last minute, and after much scrambling, I arrived at the Turkish counter at JFK only 50 minutes before scheduled departure to IST. The flight had just closed, but the Turkish staff took pity on me and checked me in anyway. Both flights (New York JFK to Istanbul and Istanbul to Madrid) departed and arrived punctually. Despite the fact that the on-line seat map showed that the Kennedy - Ataturk flight was essentially empty up until the day before, when we boarded there were only a handful of empty seats. Where did those 150 mystery passengers come from? The economy class seat pitch is quite tight, I would have paid extra for an exit row seat, but it had appeared that I was going to have the whole back of the plane to myself. On the IST-MAD flight, we had an empty middle seat, and this contributed to a much more comfortable experience. My flight back to Turkey and the USA next week will be in business class, so I am looking forward to the award-winning premium service.
  We booked our flight from Riga to Dubai with 1 stop in Istanbul about 4 months before the flight.  According to the rules we arrived 2 hours prior the departure. Completing all necessary procedures and passing boarding control we got on the airplane. Engines started, next thing happening was us unloading the plane 10 minutes after boarding. Airline announced that the flight is cancelled due to aircraft technical issues. Next 6 hours were spent in a queue waiting for the decision on how we will reach our destination.  When we reached an airline representative all she could offer us was either to return a money for the trip or to take a next possible flight, which was in 1 week. Airline representative also didn`t offer any other option like booking another airline via another airport. Moreover, they didn`t offer any compensation. 
  Kuala Lumpur to Venice via Istanbul. The flight from Kuala Lumpur was real packed. I was seated on 50G. It was rather hot during the flight. Meal was plenty and tasty. I also like your special menu and unique drink such as sour cheery drink and home made lemonade. They are fantastic! Most cabin crews on Kuala Lumpur - Istanbul sector were nice and polite except one male crew looked grumpy but he still did the job well. Nothing to complain from Istanbul to Venice. Toilet was clean and with proper amenities. We got nice blanket, pillow and nice pouch (Kuala Lumpur - Istanbul sector) full of flying amenities such as lip balm, socks, eye shade, toothbrush and ear plug which are nice. AVOD needs improvement on film and song selection. Need to provide some asian movies and songs including in Chinese/Mandarin. You have ones in Malay but not Bahasa Indonesia although you also serve Jakarta airport. Wifi is on and off. A bit frustrating indeed. Other than that, I have nothing to complain.
  Rome to Jakarta via Istanbul. The planes were clean and crews were nice. As usual, meal portion was big. I won't feel hungry flying with them. All are yummy. Drinks were nice. Like their sour cheery juice and home made lemonade. Blanket and earphone were clean and good. I like them, Travelling pouch given was nice. It is filled with toothbrush, socks, eye shade, ear plugs, lip balm and sandals. Great offer. Crews tried to do hard to make us happy but since the plane was very full, I feel the response was rather late. I pressed cabin button but they came so long but I understand that they were real busy. I guess the plane was close to 100% full. The plane looked new. Toilet was clean with its amenities. However, AVOD needs improvement. More Asian movies and songs please including Chinese Mandarin and Bahasa Indonesia (not only Malay). Wifi needs also improvement. Kudos Turkish!.
  London Heathrow to Sharm el Sheik via Istanbul. The flight itself was fine - not notably good or bad compared to many other airlines I have been on. My bag was delayed on the connection which was annoying but acceptable for a day, but less ideal when it became a second day with no explanation or contact from Turkish Airlines. But, their response to the issue was the worst and most customer unfriendly service I have ever had from any provider or any service, and has remained so for weeks. No ability to raise the issue by email, and online service down. No-one seeming to read anything submitted, in favour of moving it to another department as fast as possible and not just once, but time and time again. Asking for image of my passport (that they didn't need), over an online submission form that is insecure, in breach of their own privacy policy and all passably acceptable practice;  ignoring the claim made and it would appear all text entered on their system; saying a bag whose main zip was broken to the point of not being able to shut anymore 'does not constitute any impediment for use of the baggage'; and not seeming to have a central complaint team. They could have got praise for sorting an issue out well; instead all their publicity about customer service appears to be hot air. I would never fly with them again, and would advise all others to avoid them too.
  Amsterdam to Amman via Istanbul. This trip was a 4 day trip with checked-in luggage. In both Amsterdam and Amman as well in transit in Istanbul we could use priority facilities allowing us to skip the lines for security. Turkish Airlines uses the Aspire Lounge in the Non-Schengen area of Schiphol Airport which was crowded and poorly stocked with food and drink options. In Amman they use the Royal Jordanian lounge which is spacious and well stocked with  food and drink. During the 2 layover in Istanbul we used the Turkish Airline lounge which is huge with a lot of amenities and food options and again a good WIFI network. We even found some time to toy around with the Golf simulator on the lower floor of the lounge. The flights were the typical medium haul service, all 4 flights left reasonably in time and arrived spot on time at destination. On the day flights between Amsterdam and Istanbul a lunch respectively breakfast were offered. All the food was tasty and nicely presented. During the night flights between Istanbul and Amman, prior to take-off we were offered diner respectively breakfast but in both cases we opted to sleep which was perfectly possible in the sleeper seats in he A340 and A330. On all 4 flights the cabin staff was well groomed, nice and attentive but always stayed at distance.
  Gatwick to Istanbul. Very poor service from Turkish Airlines. At the last minute, as we were about to board the plane, we were told that due to a booking error (theirs, not ours) we had to pay extra or be denied boarding.  Would not recommend this airline.
  Istanbul to Montreal on Turkish Airlines. TK uses a dedicated business class check in with extra passport formalities for flights bound for Canada, USA, UK and Israel. This process was slow and added time to the check in process. Flight boarded slightly late but in an orderly fashion. On board, the hard product looked in decent shape with ample storage space for small articles. The overhead bin space however was limited due to the bedding they keep on hand. Drinks and lunch were offered after take off and having traveled the same route 6 weeks prior I was surprised to see the same menu. Despite that the food and wines were tasty and the service was with a smile. IFE had a good selection but the navigation was awkward at times. The Denon noise cancelling headphones were great. For reasons I have yet to understand Turkish turns on the cabin lights 3 hours prior to landing to serve an afternoon snack. Many other airlines do the same but not that far in advance of touchdown. This limits the amount of sleep you can expect to get. The wifi worked only part of the flight. It was an all around good flight with a great cabin crew. The French announcements from the cockpit were a nice touch. Flight departed late but arrived 40 minutes ahead of schedule.
  Cairo to Vienna via Istanbul. I consider Turkish Airlines one of the best airlines for everything, the aircraft cabin is clean and the crew polite and helpful. Even the transit area at Ataturk airport was an amazing experience and we had almost 5 to 6 hours transit time at the airport but we really enjoyed it.
  Kuwait to Edinburgh via Istanbul. My flights overall were good. However, the in-flight entertainment system on one leg of the journey was quite choppy - not just for me but for all the systems. I find that their lunch food is better than their breakfast food. Boarding was painless and transferring through Istanbul airport was fairly straightforward.
  Istanbul to Frankfurt. We started just on time from Istanbul. We appreciated the professional service from flight attendants. They were smiling and amicable. We ordered extra meal and it was delicious. The seats are confartable and the Entertainment Programm was good. Thank you very much for everthing and looking forward to flying with you again soon!
  This almost 11 hour flight happened in a brand-new aircraft. On-board entertainment as well as the seats were just perfect. As we flew from Kuala Lumpur there were some specialities like the fact that you are not able to buy water or go to a restroom after passing the security check, but this has certainly nothing to do with the airline, just the preamble to explain my later impatience. After boarding, it took the crew about 3 hours to organize the supper, what might be on schedule but beverages came even later! Never saw a crew being so messy. Almost every member constantly dropped something: our food, their own food, once they managed to drop a pasta portion twice. I asked for two beverages but the lady forgot my second request instantly (never happened before). So the whole catering procedure was messy, slow and ineffective. For the second meal the crew forgot our veggie meals, forgot to mention that the meals they offered contained meat. They were not rude nor disagreeable, just made this hard day far harder than it should be. Would try to avoid Turkish Airline for long flights from now on. By the way, the short flight from Istanbul to Zurich (3 h) in an old aircraft was perfectly organized.
  Flew Turkish Airlines from Istanbul to London Heathrow. Slightly delayed departure after long line that involved multiple security checks. 2-3-2 fully reclining J seats with the latest onboard entertainment and WiFi. So the best onboard hard product available within Europe. The catering not that good this time. A rather poor salad offering and only a slightly better cold plate. The beef main course although delicious, lacking in portion. The crew were smiling but not forthcoming with drink refills. The lavatories were kept clean and the new Molton Brown products add to a quality experience. Overall an average flight with the usual excellent hard product.
  Sarajevo to Panama City via Istanbul. The first leg SJJ-IST was in a Boeing 737 in Row 1 with what must have been the worst leg-room I've witnessed in Business on a 737. The bulkhead is in front of your face and the only position to sit is upright. Fortunately the business class section was not full so I moved to a seat in Row 2, which had the seat in front of you to put your feet under. The service was good, and the meal was very good for so short a flight. The Istanbul to Panama City segment was on a semi-antiquated A330-200 which is 4 rows in a 2-2-2 configuration. The seat is comfortable for sitting upright and to a certain extent it is comfortable for relaxing. It is dreadful for sleeping, because the seat is so configured that in the "angled flat" position you slide down. I resolved this by putting my briefcase in the space under the seat in front of mine, and the briefcase then elevated my feet sufficiently to provide support to be able to lay comfortably without struggling to avoid sliding down the incline. The food on this carrier is much better than most European carriers, and light-years ahead of US carriers. The flight crew are sufficiently attentive to function without being over-the-top. When they finish serving, they disappear, and if you want something you'll need to call them and ask for it, or get up and get it yourself- they won't come by and volunteer. But the price is much cheaper than competitors on this route, and that forgives a lot. Overall, for the price, I'm more than satisfied. But if I had to pay full going price of European carriers, I'd fly Lufthansa or Air France, with flat bed seats and a more professional operation. A note of warning - unlike most Turkish long-haul aircraft which offer excellent wifi, this aircraft has no wifi, so you'd better enjoy reading.
 Istanbul to Izmir with Turkish Airlines. It was amazing for me to find a Boeing 777-300ER in such a short (50 min) route. Plane was just 1 year old and very comfortable. New IFE works amazingly well and it has a very rich menu. They give a sandwich and drink. It was tasteful and good for a 50 min flight. Cabin crew was also very helpful and smiley as always.
  After an excellent flight from Birmingham we continued our journey to Ercan. The aircraft was an A321 with 31" seat pitch which was okay for the short hop to North Cyprus. In the 1hr 15min flight they managed to serve a tasty snack and hot drinks, soft drinks and wine. Again cabin crew were excellent. The return trip two weeks later was equally good. Both flights took of and landed on time.
  Venice to Singapore via Istanbul. Usual, nice, standard service on these two flights. Both aircraft new. I noticed they have improved their IFE with new functionalities. The food portions became a bit smaller on the European routes but bigger on intercontinental ones. Food quality was good. Generous choice of beverages but rounds could be more frequent. Both flights packed. Cabin crew nice on the first leg, way warmer on the longer segment. On the way to Singapore, due to traffic congestion at Istanbul airport, plane took off with a delay of one hour but landed in Singapore on-time. Toilets were kept clean and are now getting stocked with new nice amenities (flowers, high-quality hand lotions and hand cream) which on other airlines you would find on business class only. Seat pitch on the A330 is quite poor compared to the Boeing 777. As an Elite member, I could use on-board Wifi at no charge and the connection was stable and very good considering the altitude. Priority-tagged luggage was delivered in less than 15 minutes in Singapore. Gold lounge at Istanbul airport is superb.
  Cluj-Napoca to New York via Istanbul. After spending 3h at the New York lost and found luggages I've been sent home with an international phone number and no File Reference number for my lost luggage. When I called the number i've been told that I need a reference form in order to get any information about my luggage. I traveled with 2 luggages, from which only one made it to the destination. From the attached tag to the luggage that arrived in NY it wasn't stick together correctly, the person who checked me in didn't even bother to remove the back of the sticker and put it together as it should had been. I tried to track down and make a complain against the employee - suggesting that he may not be even aware of the mistake he's doing and this puts in danger other people luggages too. No one was able to give me a reasonable help.
  Tallin to Singapore via Istanbul. It was my first time flying with Turkish on long haul flight and I was expecting a good experience. The food was bad on all the flights we had. The A330-300 from Istanbul to Singapore seemed old. The touch screens were not working normally, only with the remote that made navigation uncomfortable. The in-flight entertainment was really good though. It would have been nice if cabin crew would have offered drinks and snacks during the flight in addition to the dinner and breakfast served. On the way back from Singapore to Istanbul we were seated in the isle and it was just so cold, I was sitting with a hat, scarf, sweater, cardigan, blanket on me and my wool coat way over my head and I still got sore throat. 
  Kiev to Istanbul. The service is surely not bad, but is not as high and as expected.  A321 with very narrow, uncomfortable seats, and not pleasant to fly. InFlight Entairtainment didn't want to work. At Istambul Airport all our boarding and de boarding were serviced by bus, and it takes a lot of time. The crew was not very attentive, but was professional however. 
  Birmingham to Istanbul. What a revelation this turned out to be. A great seat pitch (34" on Boeing 737-900ER) which as far as I know is unrivaled on most European economy class. A tasty dinner including soft drinks and wine was included and the cabin crew were excellent. Outbound and return both left and arrived on time. This offering was so far ahead of British Airways that choosing which one to use on this route is a no brainer.
  Toronto to Mumbai via Istanbul. Great people, great service. Staff was friendly and I enjoyed service. I have comfort on the way to Mumbai. I would recommend to go for it. There was problem with wifi connection but cabin crew helped and resolved it. I look forward to go for it again.
  Johannesburg to Gatwick via Istanbul. Seats were the smallest we have come across which was no fun on a 10 hour first leg. Staff unpleasant and food worse. Worst of all was the conflicting advice. We were told at check in no laptops or tablets in hand luggage, but they failed to mention battery pack phone chargers are not permitted. Ours were confiscated although people with laptops and tablets were permitted to hand these over and collect on arrival. Lack of customer advice mean this won't be an airline we will use again or recommend.
  Istanbul to Lagos. During the boarding flight attendant has changed our window seats by exit in a row of two to non exit seats in the middle of the row of four. We did not check the seat but asked her if the change is to equivalent seats and got a yes - to only see later that she misinformed us. The food selection was not available. Good enterntsinmrnt system but some times has problems and too much announcements.  Out of 4 flights  one suitcase damaged a lot, one delayed by two days. Staff in the plane friendly and helpful
  I was quite impressed with my first experience of Turkish Airlines flying from Edinburgh to Istanbul. Despite being a Boeing 737, the interior was beautiful and up-to-date with comfortable seats. The inflight service for economy was great and the food was delicious and nicely served. The entertainment system was full of options and very quick and responsive. I would definitely fly with Turkish Airlines again! The only downside is the flight schedule of this particular flight - arriving around midnight in Istanbul. I would much rather leave later and make it an overnight flight, arriving early in the morning.
  It was my first time flying Turkish Airline and it was a very pleasant journey. The flight I took was from London Heathrow to Taipei via Istanbul. I chose this airline simply because it provided the best route/price for the date that I had to fly. The staff were all diligent, kind and helpful. As well, I was surprised to have received the amenity kit sitting on an economy seat. They also gave out a warm hand towel and menu before serving meals which I find very considerate.
  Flew Istanbul to Hurghada. Convenient airside access through the lounge appreciated. The lounge offering good range of food and beverage options late into the night. Could do with some variations though. Orderly boarding process with pre-flight announcements and priority enforcement. Was upgraded due to overbooking which was a nice surprise. Full cabin. The crew were excellent. Pre take off drinks, a nice breakfast with two warm choices and after meal drinks service provided. Handed out tablets with pre-loaded entertainment and good quality headphones for this 2.5 hour hop on this A321 with empty middle seat configured J Cabin. Very smooth landing despite rough weather and on time arrival. Kudos to the flight-deck. Excellent overall flying experience with Turkish Airlines on this journey.
  Tbilisi to Amsterdam via Istanbul. Flew TK for the first time (return flight) and I found it a bit overrated. Service and reliability is no better than most EU majors, and overall the comfort and service looks from another time. The seats and interiors are really old, and very narrow on the A320 models (a kid won't even fit). Service is not really outstanding like you read in reviews, just basic and a bit cheap. Cabin staff can be quite stiff and really not friendly, which does not give the best sense of welcome claimed in their marketing. However the ground staff in Istanbul is quite outstanding and efficient! Our flight was 40min late with only 1 hour connection, but someone waits at the exit gate and takes groups of pax with short connections directly to the next gate; within 5min you are in the next flight which is unusual for connecting trips. My travel partner had also forget his tablet in the first leg aircraft from TBS, and immediately the gate staff had it collected and brought directly to the boarding of the next leg while we were boarding. Very smooth and ultra efficient! Even Lufthansa is not that efficient from my experience.  At least they make it up in the aggressive pricing
  Do not opt for Turkish Airlines especially when you have a layover. Our layover was 1.5 hours in Istanbul while going from Berlin to Mumbai and back. In both cases, the first flight was late, giving us barely 30 mins to catch the next flight whose gate was really far away. The connecting flight was also Turkish Airlines, but still there was no support at the airport even though their first flight was late. While coming back from Mumbai, at Istanbul, there was an additional security check and the queue was long and our flight was in 15 mins! Nobody gave us any support there either and by some luck, one of the fellow passengers in the same situation was told by people waiting with us that we can go to priority security check if the flight is leaving soon. There was no sign for this or any indication from either Turkish Airlines or airport staff. We barely made it to the next flight 2 mins before gate closed even though the aircraft didn't take off for next 30 mins or more. I regret choosing Turkish Airlines and their lack of punctuality and support.

 Tel Aviv to Milan via Istanbul SAW return with Turkish Airlines. An early start Tel Aviv to Istanbul, 0620, Boeing 738, the usual service, nicely groomed flight attendants, polite, helpful. A cold snack and arrival in stormy Istanbul just to disembark the aircraft by uncovered stairs, nice wet welcome to Turkey. Transit area very crowded, mostly with Pegasus passengers. Istanbul to Milan, again by bus and this time covered stairs. A320, again, nice crew, hot lunch, full bar service. Arrival at MXP with a full security screening as if we were about to depart. Never been screened before anywhere entering a country. May have to do with our origin. Return, a quick friendly check in at Milan but terrible long lines at security and passport control. No gate posted for the departure until 55 min before, so uneasy walking around not knowing which wing to proceed to. Long tarmac delay with no explanation from TK. In general their English annoucements are difficult to understand. A320 with a friendly crew, nice hot lunch and a nice bar service. This time a jetway in Istanbul, good shopping, but staff does not speak English. Is this an International airport? Then get personnel who can assist in English. Istanbul to Tel Aviv on an A320, every seat taken, very bumpy, cabin too warm (seems to be the norm with TK) but crew managed to serve a nice cold snack and a full bar service.
  I enjoyed both of my 12 hour flights to Istanbul and back to Singapore with Turkish Airlines. The food was excellent, more than enough in-flight entertainment. Good service, the cabin crew were there to assist when needed. Overall a very positive experience.


  Istanbul to Washington. I am overall happy with Turkish Airlines seat comfort, food quality, cabin service, etc. The lounge at Washington Dulles Airport is excellent and probably the best at that airport. I want to address the way they handle the laptop ban imposed by USA and UK. The devices that are not checked in the luggage, are accepted by the airline representatives at the boarding gate, after all the passport and security checks. The devices are wrapped in bubble packs and a special receipt is given to the passenger. The wrapped devices are placed in sturdy containers before your very eyes. At the other end, Turkish Airlines have a stand right after you clear the passport control but before clearing the customs. They check your receipt and give you back your laptop. No muss no fuss. Under the circumstances the operation is pretty smooth. I thought travelers should know.
  Singapore-Istanbul-Lisbon (return) on TK in mid-March. Turkish Airlines pretty much exceeded my expectations on the outward leg of my journey, and the service was even better on the return. Check-in and boarding in Singapore went swiftly, on board the A333 to Istanbul the food, drinks service and entertainment was excellent (you'll receive a menu for the service). Also received the best amenities kit of any airline I've flown - not even Qatar gives out slippers and lip balm in theirs! No amenities kit on the Istanbul-Lisbon sector but it was more of the same: good entertainment, good food and drinks on board a clean B738. Cabin crew were very friendly on both sectors. Return sector was even better - the flight left the gate at Lisbon Airport on time. Good service once again with the regular drinks service, delicious meal of roasted meat and a very friendly bunch of flight attendants The entertainment system on board the A320 winglets was better than my outgoing flights, with a better touchscreen interface. Departure from Istanbul-Singapore also on-time, with a new A333 that had the newest entertainment system on board (it has live news from BBC and CNN). Good meal service once again with a relish pasta rigatoni, although I wish they didn't run out of meal choices on board. A slightly different brand of amenities kit was given out on this flight, but the contents were the same. On-time arrival in Singapore. The only thing that I didn't like was the seat and legroom on the Singapore-Istanbul sector, but overall Turkish Airlines put a smile on my face. I look forward to flying with them again.
  Istanbul to Montreal on Turkish Airlines. Used the business class check in which was hassle free. The lounge in Istanbul offered a great array of drink and meal options but the shower facilities were falling apart and appeared in need of an upgrade. Boarding was on time and orderly and we left on time. On board the seating was comfortable and FA's were attentive. Turkish Airlines catering is on a serious decline with portions smaller and quality not what it used to be. My main course was two pieces of overcooked thin slices of beef. The meal before landing was also disappointing. The wine selection was OK and Tattinger was appreciated. Toilets were not kept clean and I had to point out to FA's on two occoasions the need for a touch up. The wifi was reliable. Thee IFE was decent but could have used more recent movie releases. Announcements from the cockpit were scarce with flight details provided only in the beginning. Flight arrived ahead of schedule.
  Amsterdam to Manila, via Istanbul with about 1hr layover in Istanbul and 5hr on the return flight. The price was very good for this route. This was my first time flying with Turkish Airlines and it was just fairly good. IFE had a good selection of movies also to keep me entertained, and they give you amenity kit which is nice. The planes were fairly nice too, minus on the way back home, Istanbul to Amsterdam, the aircraft was old and had no IFE, was a bit disappointing. The meals are very good overall, I loved the Cafe De Paris Chicken. Staff were so so, when I stepped in the plane, the two male FA's who are supposed to welcome people suddenly started chatting, and not welcoming me, not sure what this was about. On another flight they forgot to give me bread with my meal, they serve the bread after the meal I saw them giving other people but they never gave me. I would fly with them again if they have the cheapest ticket to my destination, otherwise not.
  Our first time flying with Turkish Airlines from London Heathrow to Istanbul and we were very impressed. A spotlessly clean aircraft, courteous and friendly cabin crew and excellent catering for both the outbound and return journeys - far better than anything BA could offer for the money (we paid approximately £105 return each which is ridiculously cheap!). We would most definitely recommend and fly with Turkish again.

  Frankfurt to Konya via Istanbul. This was my first time flying with Turkish Airlines and I loved it. It's great that there was no delay or any other problems that may occur. The cabin crew was friendly and food was excellent. The seat was comfortable and I had enough space to put my legs in there. Overall I had a good experience for a good price.
  I had to get from Amsterdam to Antalya, and in winter time Turkish Airlines seemed to be the only decent option with a daily service. The flight was via SAW, the other airport in Istanbul. AMS-SAW was uneventful and not memorable, except the aircraft was an old A320 with a worn and not very clean cabin. No entertainment system, food offer was decent, but rather below average for an almost 4hr flight, flight attendants busy about themselves. Everything has indicated that the flights from and to SAW is a very low priority for Turkish Airlines. The scheduled transfer time in SAW was 1 hour, however the crowd at the passport control was far too huge to manage this within the time indicated in the reservation. I approached employees of Turkish Airlines and informed them about possible problems with my connection to AYT, and they could not help but tell me that yes, indeed there is no way to pass through the passport control except waiting in the line, then another employee put me on a fast track line, and then another one kicked me out of there explaining that I was not entitled to it. Most of the Turkish Airlines transfer staff also could not speak any English, and those who could had a lot of problems with this. At the end, it took me over 1 hr 30 min to pass through passport control, and I was rebooked to the next flight departing from SAW at 00.10 am instead of initially planned 8.05 pm. On the transfer desk they also gave me a voucher for a meal in McDonalds, the voucher could be redeemed only for the cheapest burger menu worth c.a. EUR 4.5. Needless to say, that is below anything that can be expected from a major air carrier, and I went to another place to get my meal on my own. No free internet in SAW, and the procedure for getting the paid one is crazily complicated. The flight from SAW to AYT was uneventful too, a brand-new B737-800 with a great entertainment system and a good sandwich; all that looked a bit unnecessary on this 50 min flight. On my way backed I changed in IST, the main airport in Istanbul. Both flights were quite the same as on my way from AMS, except that the aircraft of the IST-AMS was a B737-800 with a good entertainment system, in contrast to the entertainment system, the cabin looked quite worn, with the cracks on plastic details. The food offer is the same “a bit below average” menu as on the AMS-SAW flight. Summing up, the Turkish can be OK for point-to-point connections, but I would avoid transfer flights with them. SAW cannot handle transfers in a decent manner, due to apparent infrastructural, organisational and human capacity constraints. IST is slightly better, but it is very crowded, not very clean, poorly organised and has very confusing navigation, I had no contacts with transfer staff there, but got a few hints that the expectation should be high. There is no free internet in both airports, and the paid access is quite challenging to configure and get through. The voucher for the cheapest McDonalds meal in SAW was the final touch in the ungraceful picture of transfers in IST and SAW. 
  Flew Turkish Airlines from Bangkok to Istanbul. Food was good. Entertainment good. Temperature control very cold. We asked the cabin crew 4 times to increase the temperature as everybody was covered with blankets. Unfortunately the flight was delayed and we didn't make it to our next flight although we reached the gate 15 mins before departure. The company dealt with this well providing accommodation, dinner and the next available flight the next day.
  London Heathrow to Addis Ababa via Istanbul. This has been my first time with Turkish Airlines and it will be the last one. The flight was delayed on departure for unknown reasons. Then it was kept on hold, as the captain informed us to "fog". We landed one hour later than expected and the connection flight for Addis Ababa did not wait for us. During the flight I was asking for information about the departure gate of my connection and no one was able to provide such information. The customer service at the Ataturk Airport was terrible to use a nice expression, nobody could explain what to do and where to go, it took a while to dig the needed information, queuing here and there at desks. I got the information that I could be booked on the next available flight (24 hours later) and that I could get a free night in hotel (I am paying for my hotel in Addis). Past the passport control we had to queue for more than one hour to get to the "hotel desk" by Turkish Airlines where staff took our boarding passes and 40 minutes later appeared calling our names and then bringing to get a shuttle to a 5 stars hotel in the middle of nowhere. All this took 4 hours. Here I am now, no dinner, meetings in Addis Ababa rescheduled and one day wasted. Never again.
 I have been flying Turkish Airlines regularly because of the non-stop service between Kuala Lumpur and Istanbul, despite experiencing spotty baggage and ground crew service. However, the most recent IST-KUL flight will be the last. Check in counter agent was rude, refused to maintain eye contact or answer questions regarding change of seats, continued to engage in conversation with the agent at the next counter and when pressed, replied that his English is poor. I had told him that is unacceptable and that he was rude. He had no response and essentially invited me to file a complaint. I did via on line with Turkish Airlines. On board service was non committal. I sense a deterioration within the airline. Seat comfort was average. Turkish Airlines aspires to be a global airline. They need to improve.
  Kuala Lumpur to London via Istanbul. This is the third time I flew with Turkish Airlines and possibly the last. The first two times I flew Turkish Airlines were direct flights as I was visiting Turkey. Everything was okay, average service experience. The last time I flew with Turkish Airlines, I departed from Kuala Lumpur, transferred at Istanbul and final destination is London.  Much of the time you travel between the gate and aircraft by shuttle bus at Istanbul Airport. Tiny leg room (31-33" seat pitch). No compensation for delayed or damaged luggage. 
  Moscow Vnukovo to Istanbul return in economy.  Online service was a nightmare, the website is not loading properly, aircraft maps were screwed up, which made it impossible to order the seats you want. On the way to Istanbul the flight was delayed for around an hour with no explanation or apology. The aircraft are clean and modern but the seats are narrow and uncomfortable for a relatively short flight. Personal screens are great, but I found the quality of programming and translation to Russian is poor. Meal service was good, with a choice of alcohol, metal cutlery. The beef was delicious and wine was much better than average, though the presentation of the meal was messy. Cabin crew is generally friendly. The worst part was our return trip to Moscow. We have arrived to Istanbul Ataturk airport to check in 2 hours 40 minutes before the flight only to find out that the flight was overbooked, and we might not be able to fly today. Check-in staff was awful, rude and only acknowledged that she put us on standby when I noticed that our boarding passes didn't have a seat number. She would not offer any solution and just rudely told us to go to the gate, so that maybe someone will not arrive and we will board the plane . After we started arguing the Turkish Airlines representative came and started going about how overbooking flights is legal, and the situation is our problem. This is unbelievable. After some more arguing from our side she made some phone calls and told us the plane will be changed to a bigger one, and she printed our boarding passes. No apologies. The flight was uneventful, but the ground staff attitude to the passengers, and inability to solve problems created by Turkish Airlines in a calm and professional manner makes me want to never fly Turkish Airlines ever again. 
  Kathmandu to Geneva via Istanbul. In general I like Turkish Airlines. On both legs of this trip the cabin crew was especially friendly and helpful. However, I left my Kindle e-reader on one of the flights and I cannot find a way to call or email lost and found. There is lost and found for baggage. I suppose I'll accept the loss but it an airline of the standing of Turkish Airline would have a better email/phone system that would allow clients to at least post a message. Disappointed in the usefulness of the communication ability through email/phone.
  Kuala Lumpur to Vienna via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines surpassed my expectations. Both the ground and cabin staff is friendly and competent, I also comtacted the call centre twice before my trip and I were helpful as well. They have a generous luggage policy, on top of my 31 kg checked in suitcase I was also able to take my skis (around 4 kg with the bag) free of charge. In fact, they have a wide range of sport equipment which one can take for free, however I'm not sure whether you can take it on top of your 32 kg free luggage (or whatever you have if you fly business/first) or whether I just got lucky. I also took on both trips, KUL-VIE and return 3 big pieces of carry on luggage and nobody said anything (although I'm sure this is not their official policy). Finally, when I managed to miss my connecting flight from IST to VIE, after I had felt asleep at the airport, they rebooked my flight free of charge, after little convincing. The cherry on the cake is the food - maybe the best plane food I've ever eaten!
  Moscow to Panamá City via Istambul. I paid for an extra baggage in Moscow to my final destination in Panama City (3 bagagges in total). Since both flights from were operated by Turkish Airlines I was supposed to pick up my lugagge in Panama City. Long story short, they lost one of my bags, it arrived 2 days later. The flight was very comfortable since the seat beside me was empty, the attention was pretty nice as always. Unfortunately the screen in which I was suppossed to have some kind of entertainment had a glitch and even though the crew re strated it, it refused to work.
  On time departure from Zurich after an orderly boarding process. Brand new A321 with the latest IFE and comfortable leather seats. Crew were attentive (lack of the onboard chef did not seem to have changed service levels) and the catering was very generous considering the duration of the flight. The Sword-fish main was delicious and although it was a full cabin all menu choices were available. Compliments to the crew for a spotless front lavatory. Natural olive oil hand lotion and cologne available as well as a sign for a dental kit on request. Arrived as scheduled in to Istanbul. Absolutely fantastic overall flight experience with Turkish Airlines compared to the constant cost cutting on customer service by other European carriers.
  Panama City to London via Istanbul. Seat 2D in business on a A330-200 and IST-LHR in seat 2B on Boeing 777-300. The A330-200 Business Class seat was not lie-flat; in fact not even angled-flat.  It's hard to sleep on this seat. The aircraft does not have wifi, so you are relegated to reading a book or watching a movie on their pretty good entertainment system. The aircraft was clean and tidy. Food was better than average, served with competence but not with flair. The Boeing 777-300 is much more comfortable. I thought I would hate the 2-3-2 configuration, but it was not awful (though I'd hate to sit in the middle of the 3 unless I was traveling with a loved one). The seats are of standard width, but they have much better than average pitch, including an ottoman with full width to put your feet into (rather than a tiny cubbyhole most airlines offer). The plane had very good wifi, free for business class passengers. Despite a 3.5 hour stopover in IST, my bag did not arrive in LHR. Delivered later to my hotel. I would recommend this airline if the price is overwhelmingly attractive.
  Belgrade to Atlanta via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines are highly tentative to needs of its passengers. I had an amazing meal on short flight from Belgrade to Istanbul, then again excellent choice on a long haul from Istanbul to Atlanta. They have wi-fi which is free for business class and very fast. In other airlines this is charged and you have limitations on how much you use, plus not so consistent quality of connection. Seat is very comfortable and spacious, with nice lighting atmosphere. They give out small artificial candle that flickers.  Very nice touch to feel like relaxed. I fly a lot for business and they have amazed me yet again.
  Atlanta to Thessaloniki via Istanbul. Everything was amazing. The cabin crew of Turkish Airlines was perfect in every aspect of their duties during the whole flights. Always with a smile, gentle and kind people. Never showed their tiredness during those long flights. The pilots did the best job from every take-off to every landing. The price of the tickets was perfect. The meals were so nice. Just the seats in economy class weren't so comfortable for such a long-haul trip, so next time business class for more comfort. Concerning the airport service it was very good at all airports.
  Dushanbe to Istanbul. I will never fly Turkish Airlines again. I was scheduled to depart early on Saturday morning. However, due to snow Turkish Airlines decided not to send the plane from Istanbul to Dushanbe. Despite the fact that FlyDubai and Somon Air both managed to get their flights in and out. If that were not bad enough the next time they said they would be flying was 2 days later on Monday.  But it is now Monday and they have had the better part of two days to deal with the snow and the weather is crystal clear in Dushanbe. But is the flight coming on time? No. It is delayed 5.5 hours, assuming it arrives at all. That has destroyed the rest of my itinerary. I am going to have to spend the night in Istanbul as a result in the best case scenario. This is not the first time Turkish has screwed up my travel. Because where I live Turkish is one of a handful of airlines that come in and out, I have used them from time to time, but it will certainly be the last. Way to go Turkish, you have not only lost a customer you have actually gained a foe.
  Barcelona to Istanbul, and Turkish Airlines rescheduled my flight to Istanbul two times from 3pm to 5pm and then to 7pm. Some days later thay also rescheduled my return flight to Barcelona, from Tuesday night no Wednesday morning. I had to cancel the flights because of these changes and they only gave me back the value of the tickets. I had to pay for the hotel cancellation fee. They gave no explanation for these changes. Unacceptable.
  I want to thank the staff from the Information desk in Istanbul Airport. I was flying to New York from Athens on 22 December 2016 and we had a transfer in Istanbul. Unfortunately I forgot my bag with all my money, ID and all the credits cards in the airplane we flew from Athens and I discovered this when we checked in to fly to New York. I was really shocked and fortunately I find staff in Information desk to help and return my bag with everything inside. Without their help I can't go on holiday and I didn't have any money to turn back to Athens. We was really lucky to find this amazing people who were running so quickly to get my bag and helps me to not miss the flight to New York. Turkish Airlines offers safe, great service and the airplane is new.
  Manchester to Kiev via Istanbul. Flight crew were very good and pleasant and very helpful. Arrived in Kiev 25 mins late, so missed my connection to my destination. Turkish Airlines said it was due to a passenger not arriving for their flight, so the flight from Istanbul to Kiev was delayed. Got to Kiev and my suitcase wheel has been smashed, new suitcase and good quality. Turkish Airlines refuse to take responsibility, complaint made. On return journey I arrived a the airport in Kiev 5 mins late due to severe weather condition in the area of Ukrainian where I staying. Turkish Airlines refused to all allow me on board and then tried to charge me $500 dollars for a return flight plus a penalty charge of 100 Euros because I was late. I later found out that I was actually bumped of the flight because it was over subscribed so the real reason I was not allowed on the plane, was because they had already sold my seat. I have travelled by plane for over 40 years and never have I had my luggage damaged and never have I missed a flight. 
  Turkish Airlines offloaded me 50 minutes before takeoff despite having checked-in online. They didn't issue a boarding pass, but sent a check-in acknowledgement with seat and flight details. When I went to get a print of my boarding pass, the lady at the airline counter said boarding had closed an hour in advance. I was traveling only with a small cabin luggage, but Turkish Airlines staff insisted that they were offloading checked baggage because the aircraft was overloaded. I haven't seen boarding gates at Changi Airport close 30 minutes before takeoff, and in my experience of flying I have never been offloaded before. A 10-minute delay due of dearth of cabs on the eve of Chinese New Year left me with big losses (promotional non-refundable fare + onward flights). I wish I had reached a little earlier, but has anyone been offloaded like this before?
  Bogota to Rome via Istanbul. We booked the tickets back in early October 2016 for the 5 of us, as part of our once-a-year-trip to Germany. The offers with LH for the direct flight BOG-FRA were not interesting at all. Being a Star Gold Card holder I preferred to travel with a Star Alliance partner, and knowing that TK started to serve BOG in May 2016, I looked for this option, but prices to any German destination were still rather high, so for pure curiosity I went searching the prices for other European destinations. Rome with a very attractive price was the hit, so we decided to fly TK via IST to Italy, staying one night in IST and one night in Rome, before heading on to FRA with a very cheap Alitalia ticket. Bogota to Istanbul has a stop-over in Panama City, and the same flight number back to BOG from IST. So when boarding the plane in BOG we found many passengers originating in Istanbul with Panama as their destination. So the plane was packed on the short flight to Panama, with many passenger leaving the plane in PTY, but not too many passengers boarding to fly to Istanbul. This meant that my wife and myself had a row of 2 seats for ourselves on the way over during this long 13h flight. The service offered by crew was faultless, the food was very good and nicely presented, I would say the best I had in Economy so far. The crew was attentive and willing to help in any case. During the long flight my wife flew into her birthday, and I asked if they can do anything for her. They smiled and promised to arrange a surprise. 20 minutes later they came along with the on-board chef, presenting a cake, nicely prepared with candles and cream saying happy birthday, champagne from Business Class for both of us, and singing happy birthday to her! The plane arrived on time in IST, and we went on the City tour Turkish Airlines offers to their international transfer passengers. This tour is free and takes you to the most important tourist sites in Istanbul, and includes a nice lunch. After the tour ended, the guide stayed in the city with those who were not in a hurry, like us, and took us around some more places.  Next morning flight to Rome, with a nicely presented and filling breakfast, better than most Intra-European business class meals on other airlines. Trip back to Colombia in January the same quality on all flights, I was a bit concerned about our luggage due to some comments here about lost baggage, but all arrived safely in BOG. During the 6h layover at Atatürk airport we used the Turkish Airlines lounge. A huge place, nicely decorated, with great F&B options, nice showers and some other gimmicks like electronic driving range, pool table, etc - a very good place to easily spend the time and get a nice rest before the very long flight back to BOG. That flight was totally packed, nevertheless the crew again offered a great service. I cannot complain about lack of friendliness and professionalism. Saying that, however, we were lucky enough to travel back to BOG a week after the snow chaos at Atatürk airport. Things probably would have been different for us if we had travelled some days earlier. Overall we recommend Turkish Airlines.
  Toronto to Istanbul. I have recently flown via Turkish Airlines and it was not pleasant experience compare to previous years. I could only say that this North America flight has gone downhill in last few years. The plane seemed aged, seats were not comfy, narrow for 10 hours flight. It could be my luck getting an older plane, and it could be different with newer planes for the same route.  Check-in to the flight was a complete mess. Instead of calling with zones or Tier everyone invited to open counters, and it caused huge line ups and mess in the plane. Cabin staff was nice, courteous but not helpful. They lied about foods to people especially who were not a native speaker of Turkish.  They passed, drinks and food items over passengers heads to their colleague if they were out on their carts. I felt extremely warm in my seat. Complained about it and the answer was this is the coldest they can get at this altitude for maximum air quality in the cabin. The final part is that 2 of my luggage get lost on this flight, Turkish Airlines cannot locate my luggage, and each representative over the phone tells different location. We are now getting into 72 hours, but no one knows where my luggage is. 
 Seoul to Istanbul. First time flying with Turkish Airlines and last one. The ticket was very expensive and the flying experience quite bad. Economy class, on the exit row and despite the big leg room, the seats were so uncomfortable (possibly the narrowest I have ever experienced in an 11-hour flight). It was not possible to sleep at all. The seat recline was broken, and my friend's screen (right next to me) was broken too. Reported it to the crew but they did not pay any attention and they did not even try to help.
  Booked a RT flight from Bologna to Narita via Istanbul. Overall a very good experience, second time flying with THY. The first leg of of the flight is ok. Check in at G. Marconi airport very efficient, boarding though was a bit messy due to some passengers not knowing entrance zones. Meal service is a bit slow, as reasonable attention is given to passengers when attendants ask for meal and drink choices. Transit at Istanbul is organized, with the IST to NRT leg a very pleasant experience. On return, lines at NRT were really long due to previous flight the cancellations in IST. Transit at IST a nightmare, as some passengers were given identical seat numbers due to missed connection. Onboard airline staff handled the situation very well even with the presence of irate customers.
  As I had a transfer of 11 hours in Istanbul, I was given a 4* hotel near the airport for free which was a real surprise! I was very relaxed before the flight. However, the ground service is not well-organized nor polite. It took me 2 hours to get to know of the free hotel option. Anyway, the boarding was fine, I liked the hot refreshing towel, the cosmetic kit with slippers and socks, the blanket and pillow. The tablet had good resolution so I enjoyed a movie. The catering was great (as always), so were the beverages. We arrived with a 1 hour delay. Apart from long queues at the passport control, which is not the fault of Turkish Airlines, I had to wait another hour for my luggage, which is the airline's handling agency fault. There were suitcases from 3 wide-body jets on just one belt at the same time. The overall experience was very good.

  Manchester to Bangkok via Istanbul. A really good all round experience except for the boarding process at the Istanbul airport which needs to improve however food and drinks were very good as was the onboard service from hard working cabin crew. Turkish Airlines are really good, however their ground staff do let them down from time to time with poor communication skills.
  Turkish Airlines is nice when everything goes right. However, if something goes wrong they are really terrible. Case in point, I recently flew from Houston to Dubai via Istanbul. Both flights were delayed by an hour. The onboard service was very good on both legs. Onboard the service is of a higher quality than that of US airlines. However, when we arrived into Dubai, all 3 of our bags were missing. Since both flights were delayed over an hour, there was plenty of time to transfer the bags. However, our bags didn't make it and apparently, neither did the bags of some other passengers who originated from Houston. Believe it or not, after a long flight from Houston to Istanbul, upon arrival you do not arrive at a jetway. You arrive at remote parking and have to take a bus to the terminal. This also has an impact on baggage and for this reason alone, I would not recommend Turkish. The resolution of the baggage has been awful. The only way to communicate with TK is via twitter. 2 of our bags have been found but one seems to be completely gone. In this age of barcode bagtags, I just do not see how this happens. I can't recommend anyone take Turkish Airlines based on my experience. They are horrible when anything goes awry.


  Vilnius to Istanbul. Turkish Airlines excelled in cabin service, catering, aircraft and seat comfort. The departure was on time,  aircraft was new (with sky interior lightning) and very clean. There weren't too many passengers. Therefore, there was a free middle seat between me and the other passenger. The seat pitch was fine. In the beginning, I got a chocolate praline. Then we got earbuds (bad quality and shallow sound but it is economy so I am not going to complain) and I managed to watch a full movie during the flight (the screen was pretty large and had good resolution). The food on this short-haul flight was tasty and it included a hot meal (which is rare on European flights) and a complimentary beverage (I recommend Ayran yoghurt and homemade lemonade but you can also take alcoholic drinks). The flight attendants offered tea and coffee. The flight attendants provided top notch service. Overall it was an exceptional experience.
 Rome to Khartoum via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines customer service extremely chaotic and disorganized, the worst flight experience I have ever had. I realize that the bad weather conditions (snow) was out of the airlines control on the night of 6th January in Istanbul, the service and the little information provided by TK was extremely poor and confusing. Soon after we landed in IST, we were informed that all flights were cancelled due to bad weather conditions. There was no clear information or guidance provided and the few (rude) TK staff members present at Ataturk airport seemed not interested / willing to assist passengers about what to do. All we got was wrong information and their ground staff kept sending us from one desk to another. That first night, after 4 hrs spent in the airport to get some information, I decided to go to an hotel paid by myself. The following morning (07 January) we were informed that all flights were cancelled again due to snow and I had to queue almost 7 hrs at the ticketing office to rebook my flight for the next day. In the end, I had to book the accommodation by myself again, as there was another extremely long queue at their hotel information desk. On 08 January, my flight to KRT cancelled again and again 7 hours of queue to rebook the flight. The third day I went to the airport in the morning, this time the flight was confirmed so I checked in and entered the departure area after passport control but the flight to KRT was cancelled once again at about 04.00 PM and again a chaotic queue at the immigration and after another queue at the ticket office to re-change my flight, with no help or guidance from TK staff. After that and after 3 more hours of queue to get an hotel, I managed to have a room only at 04 AM, since we spent time driving around Istanbul looking for a free hotel, since they were all full booked with TK passengers stranded in the city. On 10 January I managed to depart with a delay of two hours. This was my last time flying with Turkish Airlines.
  
Flew Turkish Airlines from Singapore to Istanbul. Booked this as the price dropped, presumably as a result of terrorist activity in Turkey and the region. Check-in at Singapore very efficient. Boarding very quick. "Comfortable" seats for the twelve hour flight, great hi-def seat back tv with good movie selection (but not as good a selection as Emirates). Great crew - all Turkish, polyglot crew, unlike other airlines whose crew are like the United Nations. They were so generous with the free alcohol that I slept most of the way - the flight was at 23.30 - so cannot comment on the food. Will fly Turkish again.
 Istanbul to Dubai with Turkish Airlines. Worst customer service. Understanding weather / snow was out of the airlines control on the night of 6th Jan in Istanbul, but service and information is. We were on the airplane for almost 6 hours, until our flight was cancelled. There was no clear information or guidance provided (even for the business class passengers) when we got off from the airplane. All we got was wrong information and their ground staff kept sending us from one desk to another just to get rid of us. After 3 hrs running in the airport to find the solution by myself, I had to wait another 6 hrs at the ticketing office to get my flight changed (yes, I am flying business class). There was no food or water provided from Turkish Airlines. In the end, I had to book the accommodation by myself as there was another 4 hrs queue at their hotel information desk. What's worse, they almost lost my luggage when I checked in for my new flight on 8th Jan. This will be my last time flying with Turkish Airlines.
  Cape Town to Geneva via Istanbul. I had the worst trip with them yesterday. The time spent in flight was alright, food is ok, flight attendants are competent and nice enough and the entertainment is ok. The legroom is a bit tight though. But the transfer at Ataturk airport was an absolute disaster. They had snow 4 days before and still had not recover from it. All flights were delayed, the airport was packed, people were sleeping on the floor - complete chaos. Our flight was delayed every hour without any reason, and nobody at the airport could help us, they were rude and useless, couldn't give a damn about any passengers. After 5 long hours of waiting without any help, finally a boarding gate appeared. We rushed there and suddenly this mass of people rushed to the check in counter and the boarding was delayed. Nobody told us what was happening, we couldn't understand because they were speaking in Turkish, but we finally understood that they were trying to get on board because they had been stuck in Istanbul for four days.  I thought we would stay stuck as well for days. We boarded the flight in complete chaos, they tried to change our seats that we booked months ago, the entertainment system crashed, and when we arrived the luggage took forever and was wet. 
  Ho chi minh city to Zürich via Istanbul. Because of snow in Istanbul our flight was re-directed, we landed in Gaziantep and were left alone without any information. Then we were picked up by busses into hotels. Turkish Airlines not reachable, rebooking were not possible. Then after 30 hours one guy came, we began re-booking tickets that were canceled again. We have the feeling Turkish Airline doesn't care. The seats onboard were uncomfortable for me, and the call center agents only friendly in case for selling tickets. I will never book Turkish Airlines again. 
  Venice to Singapore via Istanbul. Both aircraft were immaculate (6 months old) and featured the latest Turkish onboard hard product. Despite travelling on the NYE night, flights were packed. As an Elite member, I was upgraded to Business class on the Istanbul to Singapore route. Food remains one of the main strenghts of but I have the feeling portions became smaller (maybe it's just me). Cabin crew nice, especially the cabin chief on the A330. The onboard chef looked a bit confused and inexpert though. The new Denon noise-cancellation hedphones supplied are above what competitors offer in Business. Good quality champagne with generous refills. Took off on-time and landed ahead of schedule. Free Wifi, which worked great until 20 minutes before landing in Singapore.
  Edinburgh to Cape Town via Istanbul. No segregation of business class and economy customers at gate - economy pushed in ahead of the business class customers. No Amenity bag or flat bed on Edinburgh to Istanbul 4hr 25 mins flight. A 3.5 hour delay on the second leg. The business class lounge staff at the front desk are rude and useless and won't give you information. Nice food and wine in the business class lounge but no comfortable day beds or seats that would allow you to recline in comfort. Istanbul to Cape Town rescheduled but at no point shown as boarding on info screens. At boarding we ended up lumped in with economy passengers again. A330 Istanbul to Cape Town a nice new modern plane, flat bed good, Denon headphones supplied, excellent food and wine (although no top-ups offered), staff seemed in a huff (who would not be at 6.30am when flight was due to leave nearly 4 hours prior) and not quite on it. Reluctant service. Only 1 loo for business class and this behind the closely guarded and curtained staff section – you were told to get back behind the curtain if you entered the cabin crew space.
  Kuala Lumpur to Istanbul return. The food on the flight was some of the worst. I find the cabin staff can be quite surly.  However, had a truly awful experience with their customer service during the return flight, Istanbul was hit by blizzards the afternoon of the evening return flight which caused chaos with cancellations of all flights from all Istanbul airports, unfortunate, not much one can do about the weather. What is deplorable is the experience I have had with their customer service. Given the situation as one can imagine the ticket sales/changes queue at the airport was astronomical with everyone trying to rearrange travel arrangements. Spoke with a THY staff member who said I could rearrange over the phone. Waiting for half an over on the phone reached a customer service representative who informed me that as the KL to Perth flight was with a partner airline and THY they could not complete the booking and I had to go in person to the THY ticket office. So I went to the other airport in Istanbul at 3am in a taxi in a blizzard. Upon arriving at the ticket sales office they said they emailed the partner airline but that we would have to wait for a confirmation response. No indication of time frames. We waited for an hour then a different staff member told us that there was no need for us to wait at the airport and that in fact there was no need for us to have come in person to the airport to do this and the call staff had misinformed us. After getting a few hours sleep I then spent half the day repeatedly calling Turkish Airlines chasing any updates. Eventually I was told that in fact we were on standby with the other airline which was strange as the other airlines website was showing tickets for sale. After tearing my hair out eventually I spoke directly with the original booking travel agent who changed the booking no problem wish I had done that sooner rather than wasting my time with THY. Unfortunately the same issue has happened again with the rebooked flight tonight being cancelled due to weather and I am now going through the entire process again. No one can or will give me a telephone number for the ticket sales office instead I am told that I have to get a taxi, drive an hour each way if I'm lucky in the snow and repeat the crazy process of telling the ticket sales office in person exactly what I've told the call centre for them to lodge the booking request with the other airline and then wait until who knows when for them to get back. I have repeatedly asked to speak to a more senior management staff at the call centre to resolve the issue to be told there is no one more senior. Considering the trip was bought as one continuous flight how on earth THY cannot resolve this from their end with the partner airline beggars belief and why on earth one has to physically go to the ticket office to do this seems illogical and hugely inconvenient.
  Athens to Cape Town via Istanbul. Aircraft were clean but seat pitch was terrible and it was very uncomfortable to sleep. The flight from IST to South Africa was 10hr 15 min and I had very few hours of sleep. On the going flight I had a window seat and it was uncomfortable, on the return flight I selected a row seat to get some sleep but flight attendants knocked my feet with their trolley. Food and drinks were good and IFE was pleasant. One the CPT-IST flight we had a 1 hour delay. Even though service was good I would not recommend. Travelers are choosing them because of their cheap fares.
  Istanbul to Doha.. Despite adverse weather conditions in Istanbul our flight departed on schedule which was a relief. The fast track security and passage in to the lounge eases formalities at IST. To my surprise, a very well organized boarding procedure by TGS at the gate with recorded announcements offering priority for passengers needing assistance and premium flyers. The A321 with the recliner business seats and the touchscreen IFE (including the handheld controller) offers good comfort for a flight that is shy of 4-hours. Pre departure drinks offered with a smile by the Flying Chef. The amenity pouch handed out also adequate considering the duration of the flight. The onboard catering of high quality. Service also attentive. On time arrival. Doha airport extremely busy. TK could offer a fast track card for arrival immigration, although I was able to use the business lane with my boarding card, it was quite a chaotic process. Excellent overall experience.
 Hong Kong to Berlin Tegel via Istanbul. This was my first time flying Turkish Airlines and I heard positive and negative comments so I'm quite surprised with the good service they provide on both flights. Crews are friendly and are willing to help. The food is excellent too, really special choice of food / desserts, and they provide stainless steel cutlery. One thing is that I had problems with choosing seats in advance online but I did not receive useful response through email. Other than that the ground and flight crews have good attitude.
  Gatwick to Singapore via Istanbul, returning from Bangkok. The outward flight delayed by approximately 30mins due to a problem with a wheel. Most of this time was made up during the flight. Seats on narrow body jet quite comfortable with reasonable recline and seat width. In-flight catering very good for a short flight. Stop at Instanbul not so good mainly because of the long distances in a bus from and too planes. Flight to SIN good with flat bed seats. Cabin crew attentive, but with night flight most passengers selpt for much of the flight. Return from BKK to IST equally good. Flight from IST to LGW similar to outward flight but no vegetarian meal available despite having been ordered. I was surprised by the agrressive manner that this was met by the in-flight chef who appeared to claim it was my fault because I had not ordered a vegetarian meal. The senior cabin crew officer was more understanding and noted my concerns (I had been offered vegetarian food on three of the four legs). Later received an email to tell me that when my original booking had been changed, with the flight being changed by 5 mins, the request had not been updated. At least there was an apology. No entertainment system on this flight 'due to a malfunction'. It is small things such as this that separate the best airlines from the average. Turkish Airlines has many strengths but is not sufficiently consistent to be excellent.
  I flew Turkish Airlines from Chicago to Istanbul and back, both flights were good, some delay leaving Chicago. Inflight service was good, flight attendants very pleasant and helpful. I look forward to fly Turkish Airlines again.
  I rarely post reviews, but Turkish airlines deserve a fabulous one. I arrived to Antalya through Istanbul from Lebanon, I was grabbing my baggage and one of the staff approched me to tell me that one of my luggage was broken (something i didnt see), he apologized and proposed two options : money back or a new bag. I chose a new one. I had missed my business flight on my way back to Beirut for whatever reason, one of the staff a girl, was rude and said I have to pay again my ticket. But when I explained the situation to the supervisor on that day, he printed out a new business transfer ticket and replaced the missed one. Not to forget the super luxurious lounge in Ataturk airport, just mind-blowing, and the hours passed fast until my second flight. Thank you so much Turkish Airlines.
  Los Angeles to Johannesburg return via Istanbul. We had a nightmarish time making our reservation with Turkish Airlines. After reservation was made and tickets were issued, airlines unexpectedly change our flight time, flight date and flight number, and this happened several times. It caused us having to change hotel and other reservations several times, and having to stay at some cities longer (or shorter). Turkish Airlines also did not notify us or the travel agent about the changes. We were lucky enough to find out only because we were making online seat selections They even moved flight #4 in our travel plan earlier than #3, meaning we would arrive in one city, only to find the next flight we were supposed to catch had already left a few days ago. As for the flights themselves, they were ok. Service was ok, a bit inconsistent on some flights. Some planes were older, others are newer. Cabins and bathrooms were clean, seats were comfortable. Food were enjoyable, although quality was a little inconsistent too. In Turkey airports, you do get special privileges for flying with Turkish Airlines Business Class, so that is something to consider if flying to Turkey.
 Amsterdam to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. The 3.5 hour flight was spoiled only by tiny ceiling-mounted TVs and a faulty headphone socket. Seat-back TVs and USB power should be standard on a "premium" airline. The dried-up pasta was not that great either. One of the two rear lavatories was out of order.
  We flew with Turkish Airlines from Vienna to Muscat via Istanbul and were very positively surprised. It started already with the greeting from the crew when we entered the plane. It was so nice to see the onboard chef! The planes were new on both flights, staff very friendly and the food super delicious. We arrived on time. The security instruction videos with the funny were very likable. The inflight entertainment was excellent as well, with many movies in various languages.
  Manila via Istanbul to Munich . Boarding started 30min later than announced on boarding pass. I asked myself in Istanbul the guy at the gate and got as response that the announced times are merely scheduled times. Seats  were okay but nothing special. Strange was the existance of a middle seat in business class on the 777, with zero privacy to the neighbor. Crew was friendly but do not expect refilling of drinks without asking. After dinner you get a bottle of water - if you need more until breakfast you pick it up yourself. Food was good, dessert excellent. Drink selection OK, but I had to beg for alcoholic drinks. Onboard entertainment was very good on the 777, not on the A321. Announcements were kept to a minimum.  I would rate the experience below average.
  Bodrum to Istanbul. While the ground staff at the Domestic IST CIP terminal are great in reserving front rows or exit seats for their premium Miles&Smiles members, unfortunately, the TGS ground staff in BJV are the opposite. When I asked politely if I could have a window seat towards the front of the cabin I was handed a boarding card with a seat in the last row with a grin. I then asked if I could do a last minute mileage upgrade. Was first told that it was no problem, then the counter agent contacted her supervisor/colleague which first said that there was availability and that she could process my request but then strangely asked for my name, I could hear the whole conversation over the radio. I guess unless you are a local VIP your commercial value is of little importance. Then suddenly a barrage of invalid excuses followed. First she suggested that my fare class did not allow a last minute upgrade, when I pointed out that was untrue, it was unavailabllity bucket class C, which is also untrue according to M&S rules, finally she said there was a problem with their system, a TGS classic, I was handed out a seat in 6A and did not pursue the matter any further as a line began to form behind me. Not that of a big problem for a 50 minute flight but having had worse problems before, I was reminded once more how TK's ground services and customer service attitude on the ground, bar TK Do&Co, is a total mess. The flights to BJV and to IST were excellent in the air. On time, friendly and attentive cabin crew and detailed flight deck announcements. I wish it was good on the ground as it is in the air.
  In September 2016 I had a horrible experience with Turkish Airlines. My flight (TK-476) was on 17/09 from Ekaterinburg (Russia) to Barcelona via Istanbul. The time of departure was supposed to be at 7.30 - arriving time to Istanbul at 10.15 and the departure to BCN at 14.40 - so having 4.25 hours would be more than enough to change the plane in Istanbul. Unfortunately the Turkish Airlines delayed the flight in Russia for more than 3 hours. I can understand that there might be some technical problems or something but in that case the company is supposed to "think" of its passengers and be more client-oriented which I haven't noticed. The representatives didn't give any explanations regarding the reasons of delay, time of the flight, food, etc. When we finally arrived to Istanbul we still had enough time to catch the plane to BCN (we had 1 hour before the flight) and  they could delay the plane for 15-20 min to let us in (I was not the only passenger - we were like 20 people who found themselves in this situation).  The only thing they said was "sorry, you have to wait for the next plane" (additional 5 hours of waiting). They ignored us and our questions. After that I asked for food and I was given some sort of a coupon which was possible to use only in some places in food court. The cheapest ones, as I realized later. So the only thing I managed to have using this coupon was a bottle of water. Therefore sitting in Istanbul airport waiting for the plane for 5 hours I had to spend my money on normal food in a normal place. For the information: before that in Russia I was waiting for 3 hours and nobody informed me about breakfast so again I had to spend my money on food there. My advice to Turkish Airlines:  teach your employees how to communicate with clients and to be more client-oriented. 
  Singapore to Istanbul and return. The seats are worn out but okay. The main problem was the cabins were extremely overheated.  I asked a couple of times if they could turn down the temperature but they never did. On a 13 hr haul feeling cooked is very unpleasant. I couldn't fly again with Turkish. 
  Great experience. Easy boarding at Buenos Aires airport. Star alliance lounge fine, good shower. Enough space. Priority boarding respected. As soon as you board, you are greeted by your name. Fresh lemonade served before take-off, no champagne but you get it during the meal (Taittinger grande réserve). Seat very confortable. Between the first leg, Bue São Paulo, a diner is served, the cabin was almost empty. From São Paulo the cabin was almost full but you don't feel it. Another meal which I did not take because I wanted to sleep. 8 hours sleep. Full flat seat with a pillow and a duvet provided. 3 hours prior arrival a great diner, either Turkish cuisine or more international. I had great mezze and beef served by their inflight chef and of course champagne. Wifi free with good connection on board. Plane left Buenos-Aires on time and arrive 5 minutes later than expected due to a terrible storm over Istanbul. Will fly again with Turkish.
 You can only fly to Istanbul from Leipzig with Turkish Airlines. As I don't like narrowbody aircraft, the A319 was a disappointment for me. Turkish Airlines has 14 of them and this plane has no Inflight entertainment. However cabin crew and food were good, and we had a very soft landing.
  Istanbul to Amsterdam return. The best thing about Turkish Airlines was their food. Smoked eggplant with delicious meatballs and some rice was amazing, and the Turkish wine (the red one) was good too. I was very satisfied with the cabin crew who were very helpful.  The A321 was also a new aircraft. There was nothing negative.
  Istanbul to Amsterdam. It was one of my best flights on Turkish Airlines. Although the plane was not the newest one (a 10 year old A330-200), it was comfortable enough for such a short route. The flight entertainment system froze for 2 times, but it has a enjoyable content. Ticket was cheap, food was amazing, and 30 kg baggage allowance was great.
  Vilnius to Buenos Aires via Istanbul. A next-to-perfect experience. VNO-IST a new 737, light load in business, crew attentive. No printed menu, yet good food and a large choice of beverages. In Istanbul, a separate shuttle for business pax getting them to the terminal before the main crowd. Got a complimentary 5* hotel for my layover, yet had to wait for almost an hour before it was arranged (without any crowd at the desk). Another negative point for ground service - staff at Turkish Airlines lounge in Istanbul was unable to handle any reservation change, been told to go to transfer desk (which is in the arrivals area and would thus need to re-clear security to get back to departures). Istanbul to Buenos Aires a slightly worn Boeing 777, yet full recline seat. Great attentive staff, printed menu, food was great and plentiful - two full services, one light (sandwiches) plus an ample choice of self-service items. Despite a dedicated wine list being presented, had to explicitely request wine, crew never offered it. Free wifi for business passengers is a great plus as well, although the connection was faltering at some moments. Onboard experience was thus almost spotless, ground experience much less so - at Buenos Aires, first priority/business luggage was delivered more than 20 minutes after the delivery started. Fellow business pax already started to worry. On the overall, a very nice experience, outstanding value for money given the price paid.
  Ankara to Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. Efficient check in and orderly boarding. On board the product was good with full flat seats and lots of space. The IFE needs a refresh but is otherwise fine with a wide range of movie and music options. The soft product needs polishing. After take off I was asked for my beverage choice and when delivered my coffe was lukewarm at best. The FA served everyone lunch but completely ignored me. When questioned the response was an astonishing "I guess I forgot". For a carrier that prides itself in its inflight catering and boasts about being Europe's best this was a shocking and totally unacceptable response. The flight departed and arrived on time and as with most flights using IST we were bussed to the terminal. I have flown Turkish Airlines 12 times in the last 2 months and this was by far the most disappointing experience.

  Istanbul Sabiha to Antalaya. Turkish airlines has an excellent service. For this short route, we were served a hot sandwich with drinks plus the plane has cabin screens with flight infos and other infos. This a big plus compared to other carriers. Seats are large and comfy. 
  I took TK flights from Kiev to Manila with a stopover in Istanbul. Kiev to Istanbul was a short flight and everything went very well arrived on time. From Istanbul to Manila flight is after midnight and I spent some time in the lounge. This is by far the best lounge but this is only applicable in terms of hardware and in terms of F&B products. Soft skills, understanding of Service and how tired a passenger can be is not the concern of employees. Star Alliance passengers also patronize this lounge which makes it super crowded. Boarding is another mess ground staff creates group to ease the boarding, however it doesnt help at all. Many economy class passengers use Business class lane and this is acceptable by staff.  Flight was perfect, in the past the crew was not attentive though they gradually improved their standards and current status is extremely good. Chef on board served fantastic F&B, entertainment and free WiFi is simply excellent. Arrival to Manila was on time.
  Boston to Mumbai via Istanbul. I travel a lot of airlines between Boston and Bombay, and the tickets with Turkish Airlines were significantly cheaper. For the most part Turkish Airlines is average. The Istanbul airport layout leaves a lot to be desired but is made up by the food (Pistachio Icecream and Lamb). My complaint is with their Customer service which is abysmal. I needed to delay my departure because my Father-in-law was very ill. They had no Customer Service in India. I called their HQ and even though I selected the English option, they continued to talk in Turkish. I then called the US office (might as well). They gave a price 3 times my original fare just to change the dates ($2000 per ticket - my original fare was $850). To top it all, they will not accept credit cards. I would have to mail them a "check" and when they got it they would change it if there was availability! 
 Istanbul to Munich return journey with Turkish Airlines. We had previously tried to rebook our flights via the TK homepage as we had originally planned to fly back to MUC on Friday 11th. Unfortunately, TK´s homepage in Turkey is different ("old version") from the one available in Germany ("new version"). If you try to rebook a flight or do your online check-in on the old version the programme will send you into nirvana. Thus we wasted half a day going to their city office at Taksim Square to rebook the flight with the help of an unfriendly and unpologetic office clerk who charged a hefty rebooking fee. For the online check-in we tried the Taksim Square office again which turned out to be closed but we were fortunate enough to find out there is another office nearby at Harbiye where the nice and helpful TK staff was able to assign our seats but not to print out our boarding passes - TK, an airline full of mystery. On Sunday, security/passport checks at Ataturk airport surprisingly efficient despite general overcrowding and TK ground staff in the check-in area friendly and helpful. We went to gate 206 and found there are no info screens stating destination or scheduled boarding time. Boarding started 30 minutes after scheduled time; no explanation, no apology. Previously, TK staff came around checking some passports and boarding passes for no apparent reason as they had been checked before, then he got distracted by something and never returned. As boarding got underway, TK did something that sums up the whole way that they do things: there were 3 boarding channels for economy class passengers appropriately named A, B and C, plus a separate channel for business class passengers. TK staff opens business class channel first and then minds her own business, with the effect that all passengers, business class or not, stampede through the business class channel until they realise the plane is half full and blocks off business class channel, arguing with passengers who don´t understand what is going on while the rest of us are waiting patiently at A, B or C. Ambience on the plane just as bad as on our inbound flight to Istanbul, except the staff were friendlier and more efficient, and the food was better. Cabin announcements just as erratic, English version totally unintelligible. We took off almost an hour late because of rush hour at Ataturk and were merely informed by the captain that we would land 30 minutes late in Munich, no apology. Back in Munich, the usual sluggish MUC immigration and customs, 2 officers for a planeload of 200 people (not TK´s fault for a change). TK´s performance on this flight was better than on the inbound flight, but I would still recommend using another airline if you can.
  Munich to Istanbul.  The plane took off almost 40 minutes late; no explanation, no apology. The cabin was clean and modern, legroom bearable, seat pitch uncomfortable, plane fully booked, cabin overheated. We had tried to stay within limitations for hand luggage but found out that nobody else bothered. Cabin staff stressed and unsmiling, delivering uncoordinated service, running back and forth with the trolleys, standing in each other´s way,  and forgetful if you ordered anything extra. Cabin announcements erratic language-wise, sometimes in Turkish, English, German, sometimes in Turkish, English; English announcements hard to understand. Personal IFE didn't provide 3D-maps. Food quite eatable but served lukewarm. After landing at Ataturk airport (breathtaking views of the city during approach!), erratic announcements that didn´t bother to mention the local time. Ataturk airport is a surprise in that it is overcrowded but still manages to operate immigration and customs quite swiftly (Munich take note!). I usually enjoy flying but this was the first time I couldn't wait to get off a plane. 
  Amman to Bogota via Istanbul. While the Amman to Istanbul trip was short and uneventful trouble started once you reach Ataturk airport. This is probably not the fault of the airline but the airport is in no way capable of handling so much traffic. The TK lounge is big and offers a lot, it is so crowded now that it has no premium feel about it - you feel stuck in a crowded noisy bus station. The wifi service is a joke and keeps disconnecting probably from the too large number of people trying to use the service. The planes used to Bogota were old A330s with the old style business class seats which meant no lie flat beds on a 15 hour flight. The crew (it happened to be the same crew on the flight out and back) spoke very little English and semed almost robotic in their behaviour. The food was acceptable and not as fantastic as some reviews suggest. The so called "flying chef" gave me a surprised look when I inquired if I could have my breakfast two hours before landing in Bogota! 
  Great flight in Business Class with Turkish. Very attentive crew and excellent catering made this an enjoyable experience. Hot towel and soft drink after taking seats, then Taitinger and some nuts. For dinner I had chicken with an aubergine and avocado salad, wild mushroom soup and roast beef filet. Desert was a mango panacotta with mango ice cream. Fully flat reclining seat meant that I got some sleep though a bigger pillow would have helped. Had to refuse breakfast as I was too full from the night before. Upon landing a separate bus whisked all the Business class passengers to the terminal and we grabbed a shower in the arrivals lounge and had my shirt ironed. While the British Airways experience declines, the Turkish gets better. They get all my East European and Far East travel now.

  Istanbul to Kathmandu. I had high expectations of Turkish Airlines because of the huge seats in business class and the Catering (by Do&Co) Seats were very spacious, comfortable, it is possible to have a good quality of sleep. But blankets and pillows too small (room for improvement)/ Meal was ridiculous - Everything was on a tray (except the main dish) Main dish was served from a cart. After one hour flight no champagne.
  Chicago to Istanbul. Quick and smooth check-in at Chicago airport. Given a lounge invitation. Priority boarding. Onboard the seats very comfortable. Welcome drink offered, opted for Champagne which was of great quality. Hot towel was given. Choice of magazines/ newspapers. Jaguar amenity kit given with excellent products. Soon after take of plenty of appetizers offered, followed by delicious pumpkin soup, main course, desserts and tea/coffee.  Bed was made and had good night sleep. Breakfast orders were taken soon after take off. Before landing excellent breakfast was offered with fresh orange juice. Landed before time. Could not find any fault at all during entire flight.
  London to Hanoi via Istanbul. Hard product on both legs was faulty, no IFE on 14 hour second sector between IST and HAN; no apology or alternative. Toilets filthy, had to wait 10 mins to use a WC with stewards unwilling to police the use from other cabins. Planes was way too hot, uncomfortable to sleep. Food overrated and ridiculous that meal service takes 1.5 hours from beginning to end on a 02.35 departure. Food quality was poor. Cabin crew lack finesse and understanding, had to ask for water as no approaches. Couldn't connect to wifi on OS or Windows. Loung in Istanbul impersonal and too big. Left onboard in sweltering cabin for 2 hours during stop in SGN enroute with no offer of refreshments. Dreading return flight and will not use TK again.
  Istanbul to Bodrum on Turkish Airlines. Mobile check-in and seat selection worked flawlessly. The domestic CIP sub-terminal at IST offers great convenience and saves time. The domestic lounge is adequate for domestic travel and offers good comfort although it is often quite busy. Bussed to the plane at the remote stand and closed doors as scheduled. Drinks offered pre-take off and served a three-course meal (including a delicious hot main) for a 55 minute flight. The crew were smiling and attentive offering a very good level of service despite it being a full cabin. A very smooth landing and CIP bus transfer to the terminal offered to J Pax at Bodrum. Overall excellent domestic service by Turkish Airlines on the ground and air. A very happy customer.
  We have flown with Turkish Airlines from Antalya to Istanbul SAW on 19 May 2016. First of all the flight was punctual. Food includes sandwich and salad and desert, but tastes good. There was no inflight entartainment. When we arrived to luggage claim, the system that provides luggages, has a problem we waited nearly 20-30 minutes to get our luggage. 
  Return flight booked through Turkish Airlines Istanbul to Casablanca. Outbound flight was an awful experience on a codeshare flight flying with Royal Air Maroc, I can't believe TK put their flight number to such a product. This review is regarding the return flight with Turkish Airlines on an ageing A330-200. The check in experience was relatively easy at Casablanca airport, with no option to fast track at passport control despite the level of Star Alliance membership. Lounge at Casablanca is always busy and offers sandwiches and some hot food sometimes. Flight itself was not a good experience. It is almost a 5 hour flight and the inflight entertainment did not work. The cabin crew were very indifferent and told me there was nothing they could do about it. Overall cabin crew service level and attitude is not at the level I would expect for an airline that seems to consistently win awards. The ticket price was quite expensive and the product offered does not reflect this.
  Istanbul to Almaty return both flights on an old 737-800 rather than normal 737-900 I have experienced on this route before. Outbound flight is an overnight flight and the meal is served early in the flight allowing passengers to sleep for the rest of the journey. Experience was OK apart from the comfort of the seat. Legroom was great as I was in an exit seat, but the seat is very hard which is very uncomfortable for a 5 hour journey. The return flight some days later was on an identical (maybe the same) aircraft. A hot breakfast (that was actually very cold) was served at the beginning of the 6 hour return flight followed by some drinks a few hours later. For such a long journey I would expect a light refreshment to be served towards the latter part of the flight and a hotter meal. On both flights most of the crew were very indifferent and non-caring towards passengers with the exception of some who appeared to be from Kazakhstan who seemed to be smiling and helpful. On descent into Ataturk Airport water started to stream out of the ceiling (perhaps from melting ice) of the plane onto me and the passenger in front of me. We were both seated in exit row seats by the window. It was not possible to get out of my seat at this time as we were so close to landing so I had to use pillows and blankets to cover myself from the water. Due to a bird strike incident with the plane in front of us we had to ascend sharply to make another landing approach. We flew for a further ten minutes before landing safely. Pilot communication during this incident was very acceptable which was pleasing. I advised the flight attendant on exiting about the water leak and my clothing she told me that this sometimes happens - very poor attitude towards customer. In future I'll probably consider another carrier for this route. I was surprised TK use such an older plane on such a long journey and the attitude of their cabin crew. Very disappointing.
  Milan to Bangkok via Istanbul. Smooth Check-In at Milan airport with friendly ground staff. Flight to Istanbul in a new A321 with personal inflight entertainment (even in economy class). Food was enough and tasty. Beverages frequently served and plenty of options (alcoholic beverages included). Flight on A330-300 to Bangkok was OK, but legroom was a bit limited. My girlfriend opted for a preordered vegetarian meal, which worked perfectly on both flights.
  It's a very short hop from Istanbul to Dalaman (just under an hour), and with Turkish Airlines it's quite a nice one. For my flight, they used one of their older planes, and does not have as comfortable seats, or the entertainment systems that the Boeing 737-800'sthat they also use on the route have. The staff were very pleasant, and the flight was on time so no problems there. En-route, a hot cheese and tomato sandwich and complementary drink is provided. Altogether a fine experience.
 Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. The good thing about flying with Turkish Airlines was the food - edible and delicious. Area of improvement: cabin crew customer service skill is poor in general. They faked their smile when you get on board and they didn't smile at all when serving food, and they responded half heartedly when passengers asked for some assistance.
 Zurich to Bogota via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines might be the best in Europe due to their good product between Istanbul and European cities but their hard product on long haul routes is very outdated and horrendous. Especially on the A330-200. The planes are old, dirty and the seats often broken. To top it off, the inflight enterntainment did not work on a 13 hour flight. An airline should be consistent and offer the same hard product in C-class across their entire fleet. Their flight attendants are brash and lack the professionalism of other airlines in Star Alliance. I find the food very over-rated, in fact almost everything is almost tacky, starting from the presentation of the menu to the dinner service with the fake candle. This airline lacks the "finesse" of its biggest European competitors. When I asked my seat neighbour, who hails from Eastern Europe and now lives in Panama, why he doesn't fly with other airlines, his answer was simply "I like the price". His response actually explained it all to me. You get what you pay for! In future I will pay more and rather sit in clean and well maintained planes of other airlines, with a service and image that is a bit more polished around the edges.
  Montreal to Tehran via Istanbul. I have to say the products and services are okay. For instance, the IFE is OK (however the touch screens do not respond fast). The seats are comfortable. The legroom is OK. The food is very good (however, once we got food 3 hours into a long-haul night flight). The prices are affordable. However, the customer service is terrible, I can remember 4-5 terrible interactions with airline staff in various occasions (flight attendants, airport staff, ticketing). Ataturk Airport, is not well-equipped. You won't have access to even wifi. I do not recommend this airline if you're going to have a long connection time at that airport. All in all, the airline provides OK services. If you find a very affordable and temping price, it's worth it. 
  Istanbul to Gatwick. Some new healthier food options at the lounge much appreciated. Both Gozen Security and TGS at the gate implemented priority for families and Status/J Pax. Organized boarding and on time departure. I have been getting consistently 737s or A321s with 2x2 seating on this route which is the best European business hard product. The IFE had the latest blockbusters and the interactive 3D flight map. The food was well presented and tasty, enjoyed the swordfish brochette, though the portions seem to have gotten a little smaller. The crew and the onboard Chef were proactive and smiling. Arrived ahead of schedule and was on the Gatwick Express in less than 30 minutes. When things go well, TK really is the best in Europe.
  A direct flight from Dublin to Istanbul, which is often used for connections onwards to Asia or Africa, but this was solely for the purpose of visiting Istanbul. Turkish Airlines have gathered a very good reputation for themselves and this flight was no exception. The planes were extremely clean, the flight was on time, staff friendly and the entertainment very good. The food was also very nice, and is something they have been trying to constantly improve – they even make an air steward(ess) dress like a chef for the duration of the flight! Turkish delights handed out on take-off, as well as warm towels prior to landing. My only issue was with the price which was higher than average, but that was purely driven by the time of the flight (school holiday season). Classy airline due to their very satisfactory economy class service.
  Flew from Vienna to Kuala Lumpur via Istanbul. On the positive side, food is excellent, service is attentive and overnight on long distance is a good as it can get on a plane. Transit in Istanbul has been reported as problem by numerous passengers. This is due to outsourcing to TAS Turkish Airport Services which is not part of TK. TK has made efforts to make transit as pleasant as possible in IST, such as allowing transit passengers to access the departure level without going through security control again and providing the most fabluous lounge in the world. If you have a jetty for departure, boarding is a very orderly process. Problems arise when there is no jetty and passengers just scramble into a shuttle. Bagage transit has worked very well even on occasions of short connection. On the negative side TK has grown too fast and also outgrown the available facilities at Ataturk Airport.
  This is the first time we have flown with Turkish Airlines and it was superb. Check in was quick and easy as was the priority fast track and boarding. On board the first flight the crew were friendly, helpful and attentive. The seats wide and comfortable and the food and wines excellent. The lounge in Istanbul was large but with plenty of seating and a wide choice of freshly cooked food and snacks. Not that we ate having had a delicious lunch. We boarded the plane to Mauritius and were immediately impressed by the welcome, the cleanliness and the comfort of the cabin. Straight after take off the Chef (yes they have an on board chef) came round with the dinner menu. Pre dinner drinks were served with small bowls of nuts and olives to be followed by a variety of hot and cold canapés served from the trolley. Our tray tables were beautifully set and dinner was served with all the little extra chefs touches just like in a first class restaurant. After an truly wonderful meal the cabin crew asked could they make up our beds. A bed pack was produced with mattress pillows and duvet. Our seats then became fully flat beds and I had a restful night. Having already chosen our breakfast we were wakened to yet another lovely meal. Arrival was on time and our baggage arrived quickly We had the same experience on our return flights nothing was too much trouble for the excellent staff. Having travelled to Mauritius many times in British Airways business class and experienced the scruffy aircraft and the lack of service, travelling with Turkish Airlines was a breath of fresh air much more @like being-in first class. I cannot recommend Turkish Airlines highly enough and look forward to travelling with them again. Turkish Airlines deserves 5*.


  Bangkok to Venice via Istanbul. New planes on both legs with the latest hard product, excellent food as usual. Flight attendants on the Istanbul to Venice segment were among the best I have ever had on a flight: young, polite, very professional, smiling. Turkish Airlines remains my only choice of travel between Europe and Asia.
  Dar es Salaam to London via Istanbul. I was on an overnight flight from Dar es Salaam departing at 03.25 to arrive at Attaturk Airport at 10.25 later that morning. The plane was an old model and the seats did not recline completely. Sleep was not easy. One of the stewardess's in the business section could barely speak English, was unable to make herself understood and spent a lot of time opening & shutting overhead compartments in the business section, making it difficult for me to sleep (I was in seat 2B). My problem arose at Attaturk Airport when, only having a 2 hour layover, I chose to go to the business class lounge to relax until the connecting flight to London. However, I fell asleep and woke 20 minutes before take off. What I hadn't realised was that the gate was a 25 minute walk from the lounge and though I ran I made it to the gate only to be told the gate had closed, that I would need to go to the information desk to get another ticket for an alternative flight to London. When asked for instructions to the information desk, I was given incorrect information as to how to get there. Every member of the ground staff I asked told me a different direction, and were most unhelpful. Eventually I was told I needed to go to the transfer department - again given incorrect directions. Finally when I spoke to a member of staff there, he told me I had to go to the ticket office as he could not issue a ticket for me. Again, I was given incorrect directions to the ticket office. Back to information, who told me I had to go through passport control. When I got there I was told I needed a visa. Why? After all I'm airside, I'm not leaving the airport - no one had the courtesy to tell me that the only place I could buy a new ticket was outside the transit area. Again, I was given incorrect directions to the visa desk. I purchased a visa that cost me £20, went through passport control and eventually managed to find the ticket office. Again, I was met by very surly ticket office sales staff who were most unhelpful and who tore up my boarding pass & suggested I would have to pay a further £1050 for a business class ticket or £435 for a single economy ticket. She suggested if I wanted to try to buy one cheaper, I could do so online. When asked what the Wi-Fi code was, I was told there wasn't any. Having no alternative but to buy the economy ticket, I was then told to go to the incorrect check in desk! Standing in line for ages, when I got to the desk, I was told I had to go to 'C' section. Finally I came across the one and only helpful staff member, who understood my predicament, was sympathetic and helped me through the process of locating my luggage (which had obviously been off loaded from the original aircraft I was supposed to be on) and assured me it would be on the flight I was now booked on. I was aware that I had a restricted ticket and would therefore forfeit the ticket for a no show, or cancellation etc, however, what I did not expect was the rudeness and unhelpfulness from Turkish Airlines ground staff.  I certainly would never book with Turkish Airlines again. It was a nightmare.
  Birmingham to Cape Town via Istanbul and Durban. BHX to IST a comfortable B737-800 with fairly good leg space. Food was okay. Cabin crew weren't very enthusiastic. IFE was a bit difficult to work as touch screen wasn't very responsive. Choice of movies was okay. Was shocked to see many passengers get up to collect their cabin luggage while plane was still taxiing on arrival in Istanbul and cabin crew did nothing except tell them to sit down over the speaker. Istanbul to Cape Town via Durban a new A330-300, much better IFE although seat would not recline and very uncomfortable for a 12 hour flight to CPT, including a 1 hour layover in Durban. Fortunately we did not have to disembark in Durban. Food quality was the same as previous flight. Appreciated the amenities (toothbrush, socks.etc) given on this long haul flight as this is not always provided for on other airlines. Cabin crew friendlier on this sector. Flight was punctual on arrival in CPT. Return flight CPT-IST via Durban on an A330-300. More experienced crew and friendlier than previous flights. Same food quality and almost exactly same menu. IST to BHX on a B737-800. Boarding was disorganized and painfully slow which caused a slight delay in the flight. Lack of adequate airport facilities at Istanbul a contributing factor. Same breakfast served as on previous flight. Overall, not a great experience but considering it was cheapest ticket available I accept the outcome. Service and product quality nowhere near as advertised. Food menu was repetitive on all flight and cabin crew not always professional with not very fluent English. 
  Johannesburg to Montreal via Istanbul. Check in at JNB was uneventful. Turkish Airlines uses the SAA lounge which is pretty ordinary but food choices are extensive. Boarding was delayed due to late arrival of the inbound aircraft but was conducted in an orderly manner. Onboard, the aircraft looked well kept and the FA's were friendly and spoke very good English. Food and wine quality were good but I would have liked to have a few South African wines. Dinner and drink service was very slow and it took us over three hours to get to desert once we were airborne. The aircraft on the JNB-IST leg did not have wifi and although the IFE had a large selection of movies, it was on the skinny side when it came to new releases. Flight landed on time and with almost every flight we were bussed to the terminal. Spent a few hours in the Istanbul lounge which is well and truly an amazing experience with a very large array of food and beverage offerings. Boarding on the second leg was absolutely chaotic and TK should be ashamed of putting their premium passengers through that ordeal. Once again we were bussed to the aircraft. The second A330 was brand new and the crew and their service were outstanding. I felt pampered throughout the 10 hour flight and was able to catch 3 hours of very comfortable rest in the lie flat seats. The WiFi on the second leg did not work despite the pursers countless efforts to get it up and running. The food on the second leg was superior to the first which likely was related to catering being done out of TK's hub in Istanbul. The flight landed on time but the luggage delivery was slow with priority bags coming out towards the end. Turkish offers a very good business class product on long-haul routes and I would not hesitate to use them again. They must however improve boarding and gate arrangements in IST which are deplorable.
  Edinburgh to Kansai via Istanbul. Both flights were comfortable and left and arrived on time. Edinburgh to Istanbul on a modern Boeing 737, Istanbul to Kansai on an older A330. Leg room was just about adequate on both flights - I'm 1.92m tall. Food was good and plentiful, entertainment on the A330 was of poor quality - both the screen and the sound were a bit snowy.
  Dubai to Amsterdam via Istanbul SAW. Departed late in DXB. Upon boarding the plane, cabin was totally hot and the whole flight it was uncomfortable. We were able to catch our flight to AMS despite that we were running to the gate. 20mins++ we were still on ground and while looking at our window I saw my luggage as well as my friends luggage just lying outside our aircraft, until our plane pushes back, I was able to take a photo of it. Upon arrival in Amsterdam our luggage didn't come out from the conveyor and declared as mishandled luggage.  No direct TK staff spoke to us, no amenities provided to be used while in Amsterdam as we are not non resident.
  Heathrow to Antalya via Istanbul. I booked our flight with Turkish Airlines months in advance. Flight times changed and I made to contact to customer services (cannot be done on their website) to book the new time schedule. I had great trouble to understand their English. Once you book your tickets, you need to fill a form called APIS, to be able to check in and print the boarding pass. We tried this online many times, it got to a point that I wanted to cancel the flights. I had to contact their customer services but again, no luck to talk to anyone who can speak English clearly. We travelled to the airport to sort the problem and book our seats. Our flight was delayed 2 hours, found out at the airport. This caused further problem as we had a transfer flight from Istanbul to Antalya. We were dumped at the Istanbul Ataturk airport, no one there to tell us where to go or what to do. I speak Turkish so we could find our way and helped others. We needed to pass security points, walked almost 1 hour to get to the international to domestic side. But the domestic flight delayed too and we arrived there at 12:35 midnight to find that one of the luggage was left in Istanbul. We waited until 1:45 at their customer services to be told that it was not their problem, it was Istanbul. After long discussion we were told that they would send our luggage the next day. We waited all day for the luggage to arrive. It arrived at night and we wasted a day.  I rather use a budget airline and avoid this airline.
  Istanbul to Singapore. Disorganized boarding this time. Rather long bus ride to remote stand. A330 with lie flats and extensive IFE but no onboard Wifi. The onboard catering was extensive and substantial a là TK style. Cabin crew were hard working and gave an overall good level of service. Arrived almost as scheduled, delayed slightly to heavy traffic at Changi. Overall another solid long haul flight with TK.
  Kilimanjaro to London Heathrow via Istanbul. My route on the way to Tanzania wasn't too bad, although my friends bag did get lost. On the way home it was a terrible 24 hours. We got to Kilimanjaro airport early and then when it came to check in three people from my group including myself weren't on the list to fly! We had to wait till after check in had closed for someone to drive to the airport with a different list, during this time we were told nothing we had no idea if we would definitely be on that flight. We finally got through and then very quickly had to go through security again and wait to board. We had a two hour wait even though our plane had arrived - we got given no information. I hadn't had a drink in over 4 hours due to the fact you can't take liquids into the airport and then the only place I could buy a drink I was only there for a minute until I had to move again into somewhere we couldn't take liquids. They had moved some people up to business class and then after about an hour took in everyones tickets and got them reprinted, back to economy. Finally once we were on and then arrived at Istanbul, due to the fact we were 2 hours late one of my friends travelling with us had missed her next flight. Throughout the whole journey she was asking for help, she was literally on the back seat of the plane and wouldn't allow her to be one of the first to get off so she was the last person off. We then had to wait for a bus to take us to the airport. Once there we tried to find someone to help her, she asked someone who sent her to somewhere you go if you didn't have a boarding pass - this wasn't the issue (causing her to be even later). We asked 5 people at the airport for help and the staff were all rude saying 'I'm busy' and walking off. Eventually we found someone who told her where to go but it was too late she had missed her flight. I then got on my next plane to Heathrow, once landed at 4.30 I went to collect my luggage, I waited an hour and a half for them to then say 'That's all the bags.' Which meant 6 out of 7 people I was with didn't have their rucksacks. We all went over to lost luggage and there we got told all our bags weren't on the flight and that they were on the next flight coming from Istanbul. If we had been told this earlier it wouldn't have been as big an issue yet we waited an hour and half and parking at an airport isn't cheap! There was no communication at all. We got told we could wait till the next flight came in which was gone 9 in the evening or get our bags delivered to us in a few days. I opted for getting my bag delivered as my parents would have had to pay a fortune on parking else. Not happy at all, such a long tiring day with no communication. The one positive note I have is that the landing in London was very smooth!
  Montreal to Istanbul on Turkish Airlines. Check-in was handled by a ground agent and not a Turkish Airlines staff. It was a little slow as I wanted my bag checked only to Istanbul and not my final destination. Turkish uses an affiliated lounge in Montreal which was packed with standing room only so I left and walked over to the Air Canada lounge which was very quiet. Boarding was slow with business and coach passengers processed at the same time but through different queues. On top of it, passengers were kept waiting in the jetway as the crew was not ready. Onboard the aircraft looked newish. The FA's were courteous and spoke decent English. The lie-flat seat was comfortable but narrow and the crew turned into a bed by using a mattress and duvet. Service was prompt and food and beverages including champagne were of high quality. IFE had a rich selection of movies and the screen was a decent size. Wi-Fi connectivity was great. Flight left on time and arrived ahead of schedule. Overall it was a solid business class product.
  On 16th July, some hours after the coup attempt in Turkey, I went to the Munich airport expecting that my flight to SFO with a stop in Istanbul would be cancelled, but for my surprise, at the check-in I was informed by the Turkish Airline staff that the situation in Turkey was normal and that my flight from Istanbul to San Francisco was confirmed. So I got the flight to Istanbul but the situation I found at the airport was terrible. A lot of flights were cancelled. I found out that my flight to SFO was delayed by 5 hours, so I went to the gate and waited there. Then, after 5 hours waiting, they announced that all flights on that day were cancelled and asked passengers to go out of the terminal and ask for a hotel in the Turkish Airlines desk. I went out of the airport but my luggage was not in the baggage carrousel. I went to the hotel desk and they asked everybody there to enter in a bus and we were taken to a hotel. There a Turkish Airlines staff told me that my luggage will be delivered to the hotel and that my flight to SFO was confirmed to the next day. At the next day, we discovered that all flights from Turkey to USA were cancelled and we should wait another day. At the second, the flight was again cancelled, so I was given the option to return to Munich and request a refund of the flight to SFO. So I returned to Munich, but my luggage was lost (they didn't deliver it at the hotel as promised). I filed a report for lost baggage at my arrival at the Munich airport on 18th July and as instructed, I opened a complaint on the Turkish Airlines site on 25th July. Since then I didn't receive any response (40 days without any contact!). I tried to contact the company by telephone, e-mail or via their feedback system, but nothing. This is not acceptable.
  Amsterdam to Johannesburg via Istanbul. Very good service and I would not have any complaints if it were not for the uncomfortable and cramped seating. Not adequate for someone over 1.85m. Otherwise, happy to fly Turkish Airlines, flights were on time, the food and beverages are very good, perhaps their A330's need a bit of refurbishing.
 This month I used Turkish Airlines for the first time from Tbilisi to Dusseldorf via Istanbul SAW. Both times after boarding it took nearly 1 hour for take-off. Unfortunately there was no air conditioning (you can imagine the weather at the end of August in Tbilisi or Istanbul). The pilot apologized for that but of course, its hardly a consolation. The food on board is really good and the staff is well trained and helpful but I don't think I'd ever risk again to fly with Turkish Airlines.
 Flew from Bogotá to Istanbul (with a technical stop in Panama City) on an A330-200, and then Istanbul-Amsterdam on an A321 with Turkish Airlines. The crew was very attentive and friendly. I had ordered a vegetarian meal and it was delicious on all flights. Plenty of drinks in economy class. The IFE wasn't that great, on the A332 we had no 'navigation map', but there were lots of movies to choose from. On the A321 however, there was nothing. The crew played some romantic comedy on a DVD. I would definitely fly again with Turkish Airlines, but next time I will bring my own entertainment.
 Istanbul to Toronto with Turkish Airlines. The food is excellent. The cabin crew friendlier than many airlines I've flown with. Never had any trouble and the flights are almost always on time. Love the direct flights to Canada. The economy class seats could be a little bit more comfortable but overall a happy customer.
 Zurich to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. Great contract lounge at ZRH (Aspire) operated by Swissport with a terrace from which one can do some great plane spotting. Offerings were also much better than the Senator lounge, the bean counters must be hard at work as usual at the LH group. On time departure and orderly boarding. 2x2 business seating, IFE and much appreciated quality catering. While flying in a metal tube with little distractions it is nice to be served a nice meal. The onboard chef was attentive and the chicken papillotte was very good. One can even enjoy a cup of Turkish coffee afterwards. Scheduled arrival into IST. Kudos to TGS as the CIP bus was available (and this time was for J pax only) for a speedy transfer to the terminal. The new headphones seem to be of inferior quality, minor problem in a otherwise yet another very satisfactory TK journey.
  TK is my preferred airline. As living on the Asian side of Istanbul, I booked last flights to CDG & BRU from/to SAW Istanbul Sabiha Gokcen airport. It seems that TK offering from/to SAW not the same product as from/to IST and that the SAW TK fleet are old compared to the fleet based in IST, shortly not the same product. OK, we had during my last flights (SAW-CDG-SAW & SAW-BRU-SAW) a “Flying Chef” on board, but no choice on food, only Y configuration and no inflight entertainment IFE (personalised screens) available. The ground TGS staffs at business check-in counter at SAW airport has poor or no English knowledge and not communicating / speaking at all. TK should standardize the product and service and should offer and have in all airplanes same business and/or economy seats. You or your partner TGS have also a huge space of improvement by delivering as priority marked luggage. For inbound flights I had to wait 45-60 minutes and luggage didn’t been delivered with the first ones.
  Niamey to London Heathrow via Istanbul. What a hectic night. We sat on the plane on the tarmac for two and a bit hours because they lost an oxygen tank and couldn't find a new one. They then cancelled our flight and stuck us back in the terminal. Then the heavens opened. Obviously the best option was to stick 200 grumpy passengers outside in the thunder, lightning and rain. Next, they took us 4 at a time in taxis to an hotel. My wife and I were put into what appeared to be the remnant of a much hated Toyota Corrolla. We hung out there for a bit with a guy who spoke no English whatsoever. Once he left us alone in his car and we realised we were going nowhere we accosted a man with a Turkish airlines jacket in a dark car park (still raining). He put us on a bus which proceeded to tour Niamey at 3:00am with the AC on full blast which helped our wet cloths become much more effective in helping us contract some illness. Finally after messing about for a total 6 hours, at 4:00am we got a hotel which makes faulty towers look like New York's Waldorf hotel. There we were left in the hands of the  Receptionist. What he lacked linguist ability and clarity of speech he made for in volume and repetition. Needless to say information about our fate was lacking. At around around 7:30am a rumour spread that our suffering may end by 8:00pm that evening. Finally at 8:00pm we were herded into a bus and taken to the airport. There, the Turkish Airlines staff directed us to line up and walk around Niamey airport. At the departure gate our boarding passes and baggage tags were handed out. Once we finally boarded the aircraft most of us passed out with exhaustion for the rest of our journey. Needless to say this is a journey we will not forget in a hurry.
  Booked a flight from Bologna to Los Angeles via Istanbul. First flight was cancelled because of the coup. We ask at the ticket sales and they say everything ok and provide a new ticket for the day after. We arrive in Istanbul and sleep there for one night waiting for the second flight the next morning. As we arrive at the airport we learn all flights to USA have been cancelled again. We go to the ticket sales where a woman finds us a new flight from Istanbul to Frankfurt and a Lufhtansa flight from Frankfurt to LAX, the day after again. One more night in Istanbul. At the check-in counter I'm told they can't check us in for both flights, "Because we are two different companies". They say we have to get the luggage back in Frankfurt and check-in again with Lufthansa. Luggage is not in Frankfurt, I ask for information at the baggage claim and they explain to me when luggage is in transit it's kept in transit 'til the final destination. We move to the departures terminal and check-in again, but there's no seat number on the boarding pass. As we arrive at the gate we find out that the Turkish Airlines employee had jut put us on a waiting list. Boarding refused. We go back to the TK ticket sales and after two hours they manage to find us a new flight for the day after. We ask for our luggage, as we have been wearing the same clothes for 3 days and we find out the luggage is not in Frankfurt at all, as it's been never loaded on our flight from Ataturk. We make a claim (fortunately the German personnel is far more professional than the personnel in Ataturk). They say the luggage will be sent to LAX with the next flight from Ataturk. The day after we finally fly to LAX with a LH flight. Luggage is not there. Another claim, they say to come back the day after because TK made another mistake and sent the luggage to Frankfurt. We spend a night in Los Angeles and finally the luggage arrives in the evening. Turkish Airlines is poor in dealing with the customer. 
  We flew from Los Angeles to Geneva via Istanbul. Flight from LAX to IST was full and while the catering, inflight entertainment and cabin staff service were good, the impression that remained from this flight was the lack of leg room for such a long haul flight. I'm 1m 80 and my wife 1m 76, which has nothing exceptional in the European population and despite having removed all brochures from the seat pockets in front of us, our knees in a normal seating position were touching the seats in front of us (that were not even inclined). We battled during this 12h30 flight to find the most confortable position without success. A real pity that TK accomodate maximum seats in Economy despite very good 9 seats abreast configuration on this 777-300 (vs 10 for many other airlines). Like many European travelers, we have been attracted to Turkish Airlines by their competitive prices (around 50% cheaper than AF, BA, LH, LX when we booked to the ticket early April), their enviable reputation of Best European Airline by Skytrax for several years in a row and their staff reliability (no strikes recorded during the last few years compare to AF/LH for instance). Transit via IST was OK while extremely crowded highlighting again the dramatic need for TK to operate from the new airport under construction. Flight from IST to GVA was fine (A320) without leg room issues). Ground service was inexistant during the transit and we were finally all packed at Gate 306 with no seating capacity available at the boarding gate given the crowd.
  July 15th, 2016 I flew from Oslo to Manila via Istanbul. We landed normally on time, July 15th, 11pm in Istanbul for a short transfer for the next flight - but that was not to be. Leaving the plane we noticed there was no personnel from Turkish Airlines to be seen. After walking around looking for the gate for the connecting flight we started to feel something was wrong. And it was. The airport was closed (we were the last flight in) and the military coup was in progress. Since there was absolutely no information coming from the airport or Turkish Airlines personnel we had to rely on rumors and twitter to discover what was going on. In short order, here are the events as they unfolded: No personnel from Turkish Airlines was to be seen or heard from in any form from 11pm July 15th until 2pm July 16. They left thousands of transit passengers stranded without food, water or information. No information whatsoever was at any time given to us before the following day 2pm. The transfer desk and information desk was at all times left unmanned. After 14 hours my flight was cancelled. Over the speakers we were given the option to either travel to Turkish Airlines HQ in Istanbul city centre, or call their call center (all lines busy). It was complete chaos. I ended up having to go online and buy a new one-way ticket out of Istanbul. Travel Tip: Find another airline. 
 I flew from Munich - Istanbul and back. I think, Turkish Airlines are in fact the best European Airline. I also fly a lot with LH or KLM/AF (in Economy). You can't compare them with TK. The airplane seemed to be new. Both flights were with an A321. On both ways, there was IFE with a large choice of different international movies and documentaries. Never seen this before on an A321 or/and on short-haul. The flight time was enough to watch one movie. However, When you watched a movie and had your earphones on, the cabin announcements were so loud. Food was delicious. At first you get a turkish delight. For the meal, you could choose between Turkish meat-balls and something with chicken. I had the meat-balls which was great. Alcoholic drinks were free. I took a beer and a freshly squeezed orange juice. The staff were nice. Seat comfort is ok. I'm 5ft. 10in. I had enough space to the front and for my legs. The space to my neighbour was fine. I highly recommend TK even in economy class.
  I often fly Turkish Airlines economy class, but this time I flew business class Istanbul-Riga-Istanbul. Turkish Airlines is my favorite airline, but business class exceeded all my expectations. In Istanbul Ataturk airport I could check-in and use the business class passage for migration/security control - which is very valuable in such a busy and crowded airport. Moreover, Turkish Airlines lounge is free of charge for business class passengers. The seats in the business class are wide and comfortable with ability to transform a seat to bed-like resting position. The in-flight entertainment is wonderful - from many new movies, channels, series, etc. Inflight service is excellent with very attentive flight attendants. The meal service was simply fantastic - bext to appetizers, there is a selection of 3 possible main course choices (but I did not like any of them (veal, shrimp, vegetarian), so I was offered extra choice of chicken - to my own surprise). I highly recommend this airline even with economy clas, and its business class is a delight.
  Istanbul to Zurich. Lounge and fast track access at IST convenient and at a high standard. Ground services provider TGS also on good behavior. On time boarding with priority implemented for families and status/business Pax. Warm greeting by crew and informative announcement from the flight deck in good English. Proper 2x2 business class seats with on demand IFE and a wide range of content. The 3-course onboard catering very good as usual. Cabin crew could be a little more proactive with refills. Landed ahead of schedule at ZRH.  Turkish Airlines is providing a very competitive product and premium product compared to other European Carriers.
  Istanbul to Odessa. Turkish Airlines are a godsend if you need to get to Yemen or Kyrgyzstan. They have a relatively new fleet of planes and an amazing business lounge at Istanbul. However I must warn that this veneer of modernity can disappear quickly if you have any travel issues whatsoever. Lying beneath the surface is a bureaucratic organization and your connection through Istanbul will not be like your connection through Munich. Surly staff, grimy bathrooms, and general discomfort. If you miss a flight and have to stay overnight, you may have the full Turkish experience.  So, if you need to get to Tehran in a hurry, Turkish is your best choice. 
  Flew Turkish Airlines from Miami to Istanbul. Positive things were: the plane looked really nice, every passenger has a screen in front of him/her with a lot of movies, the drinks are free. Negative things were: there isn't enough space for your legs when you are 185 cm tall and the food was not good enough (taste, variety).

 Brussels to New York JFK via Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. TK is known as the Best European carrier, but in our opinion it isn't. There wasn't enough space for our legs, 2/3 of the served food wasn't tasteful for West-European passengers. In the first flight from BRU to IST the screen wasn't working and it wasn't possible to get it working. Positives, the selection of movies I could enjoy on the second flight from IST-JFK.
  Istanbul to San Francisco. Employees don't speak or understand English well. We had an infant with us and reserved a seat with a bassinet when we left. They didn't give us seats on the same row as a family, but I said at least we get the bassinet. At the gate it appeared that they printed the wrong boarding pass for us which complicated security for us and caused us to lose the bassinet seat after all of this. Now we had to suffer a 13-hour flight separate from each other and with no bassinet to put the baby in.
  My flight was from Nuremberg to Istanbul with an A321.  The flight was a great experience for me. The good start was when I was informed that the airline upgrade itself my seat from economy to business class. I was surprised. When I first got in the aircraft I observed that the Business cabin room was great. There are 2 seats in every side instead of the 3x3 (with a vacant seat in the middle) which is the average. The seat space was quite comfortable, the meal was tasty and I also enjoyed the beverages (fresh orange juice, a home-made lemonade and a glass of white wine). The touch screen gives you the opportunity to reach your destination in a relaxing and calm way.
  Beirut to Malta via Istanbul. Team was so friendly in both connections flights, flights almost on time. First connection a big airplane with Multi Entertainment choices. Beverage was acceptable. Seats as per normal standard for Economy but 2nd connection airplane to Malta was small and Seats are so tight. No Entertainment available on this flight.
  Flew Turkish Airlines on 25 July from Bangkok to Manchester via Istanbul. It was an excellent experience from start to finish. The cabin crew on both flights were very friendly and professional. Food was plentiful and very tasty. The cabin was very relaxed and peaceful which made for a wonderful journey. It was really pleasing to see this airline operating so well following recent events in Turkey and at the airport. I can highly recommend them.
  Toronto to Rome via Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. We had a very good flight with fully reclining seats - proper flat beds, staff do their work properly, meals are very good and nicely presented. Very enjoyable experience, we keep using this airline. We had a connecting flight from Istanbul to Rome, and we spend a few hours in their excellent lounge, where we had showers, meals, beverages, and experienced different corners for variety.

  Our flight was one of the first out of Istanbul to the United States (to Washington)  after the coup attempt of July 15. I was expecting some disarray on the ground and in the cabin but everything went smoothly. I wanted to write this review to express my gratitude to the cabin crew. The flight was TK0177 on July 19, 2016. This group of attendants were the best I have encountered in a long time, on all the flights I took in the last few years. They were eager to make our experience a pleasant one and they succeeded. Their service was efficient with a smile, and with great attention to detail. I am happy with Turkish Airlines in general but what makes it exceptional is the existence of such employees that elevate boring and long flights to outright enjoyable.
  I had a return flight Brussels-Dakar via Istanbul. I got my flight Brussels-Istanbul on 15 July. However, due to the political situation in Turkey, my flight Istanbul-Dakar on 16 July was cancelled and I was stuck at Ataturk Airport. After queuing for 7h30, I was informed there would be no flight to Dakar for the next three days and was sent to another desk. After another 1h I was informed there was a flight to Dakar the day after, but the boarding flights were printed with mistakes. On 17 July, Turkish Airlines put me on a flight back to Brussels. Therefore, I have never used my partial tickets Istanbul-Dakar and Dakar-Istanbul and they have committed on their website to refund these tickets. However, they are now making it a nightmare to claim back. Throughout the situation, no communication was provided to travellers, staff assistance was poor (the first food provided arrived after more than 10h), and even now the support provided is just not acceptable. There was never an apologies or concerned expressed. You do not want to be stuck in Turkey in the middle of a military coup and have to depend on them.
  Flew New York JFK to Brussels via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines was great, definitely recommend. The food was very good for economy class - I ordered vegetarian meals, which are almost always bland and generally awful, but I had no complaints. They seemed rather sophisticated and quite tasty for airline food, and you actually eat with real, metal utensils. The seats were comfortable enough (probably the most average portion of the flight), and my transatlantic flight had TVs (as expected for a 10-11 hr flight) with good selection, and my shorter flight (4 hrs) had overhead TVs that were available for everyone to watch. Best part of Turkish, though, is that they really do take care of you. On my transatlantic voyage, they provided a package with slippers/blanket/sleep mask/headphones/toothbrush and more. The bathrooms had real flowers in them, and they came around many times with food and drink - first with Turkish Delight, then with a different cake, then with dinner, then coffee/tea, then breakfast, then coffee/tea a second time). Overall, great experience. Clean, comfortable planes, really good prices, quite good food, and it seems a genuine care for passengers.
  I flew with Turkish Airlines from London Heathrow to Seoul via Istanbul on the 28th of June. During check in for the bag drop, I found that my seat reservation had been changed, unknowingly, which was a disappointment considering I had reserved my seats with the company via telephone. Upon taking my seat and checking out the IFE I found that the Map screen wasn't working at all, which was another disappointment, I'd seen one person call the flight attendant asking her the same thing. The entertainment, meaning the music and movie selection was good but not great. Nothing that was particularly new. We were given Turkish Delight as soon as all the passengers were settled down - it was A nice unique touch to their service. The flight attendants were dressed smartly and were attentive, however, looked moody and tired. The food service was brilliant. I chose the pasta option and it was very good. The side dishes accompanying it were very good also. Their Homemade Lemonade with Mint was really refreshing. The flight was proceeding ahead as normal until we landed and were at the gate ready to disembark the aircraft. We were told to take our seat's because the airport authorities wouldn't let us off. We were not aware of the issues at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport. The crew didn't mention it to us but people slowly started to find out. We were held on the plane for 6 hours, without any food - water was available but the crew had run out of cups which made it difficult for people to stay hydrated. After disembarking the plane via stairs, we were rushed off into Terminal Buses to take us to the airport entrance, once it was safe. By this time it was 2am and I had missed my connecting flight. It was canceled due to the incident - all flights were. The amount of stranded passengers in the terminal was overwhelming, and to see that no Turkish Airlines staff were there to assist us with the queries we all had was shocking. In incidents like these, when these things happen staff should be there to assist with the backlog of passengers. I ended up waiting until 9am for the information desk to open to re-book my flight to Seoul. When I finally got on the flight to Seoul, the service was immaculate. Everything worked and the flight was great. We were given Turkish Delight and Hot Towels, including complimentary amenity kits and a menu which clearly stated what the meal options were. Snacks anytime you wanted and the flight attendants regularly came with drinks to keep everyone quenched. The flight attendants were attentive and friendly and it was generally a pleasurable flight. The only thing I'd say having been on two flights was that I felt we were being treated like royalty on the longer long haul flights and less attended to on the shorter ones i.e London to Istanbul - we didn't get hot towels or much attention. Overall their in-flight service is very good, food is top notch, however, their ground staff could do with more training in customer management.

 I flew with Turkish Airlines from Kuala Lumpur to Munster (via Istanbul) and returned from Berlin to Kuala Lumpur (via Istanbul). All flights departed and arrived on time. The aircraft was clean and fresh, as well as the cabin crew. The seat was comfortable and the temperature inside the aircraft was set to a perfect one for me. The food was also very nice and delicious. However, the food tray did not sit properly on the table. The bottom side of the tray was not flat (it might be deformed due to the heat from previous meals) so it moved every time I used a knife or spoon on the food. It happened on all the four flights. The cabin crew and ground staff were very kind and polite. The inflight Entertainment was excellent, but the touchscreen (on some aircraft) was not as responsive as I expected. Overall, enjoyable flights and I will fly with them in future.
 Dusseldorf to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. Very satisfied, everything was OK. Many choices on screen (movies and games etc). Food was perfect. Staff were friendly and professional. Enough space for legs. Plane was clean. Newspapers was ready and free and the homemade lemonade was delicious. I recommend.
  Flew Turkish Airlines from Milano Malpensa (IT) to San Francisco via Istanbul, with my wife and two kids. On the first leg (Milano to Istanbul), we received a full meal and my kids dedicated gifts (toys and book). On the main leg from Istanbul to San Francisco, we received complimentary trousses (yes, in the economy class) two full meals + free availability of sandwiches and beverages, my kids received other dedicated gifts and trousses. Meals were generally good, even the pasta was good. The Flight Entertainment System maybe needs some adjustments: the games keep freezing, so I had to ask to the staff (really friendly and responsive) to restart at least three time the display of one on my sons. We did the online check-in, so we had a dedicated counter fro baggage drop-off at check-in, avoiding the queues of the economy class. Unfortunately, in seat map shown during online check-in the presence of the baby bassinettes was not indicated, so I discovered it only during the flight, not so comfortable. Moreover, the website is not so user friendly, it is impossible to select a special meal for example. Conclusion: Airline, staff and services really OK. The website needs some updates (the Emirates one should be used as a reference).
 Rome to San Francisco via Istanbul. It was my first time using Turkish Airlines and I was greatly surprised by the excellent service on the plane and in the lay-over airport (Istanbul). On the plane, although in economy class, we were treated well. In the toilet there were fresh flowers, creams and parfumes to select. I also saw staff cleaning up the toilet which is something very helpful especially in a very long flight. I have never seen such a great service.
  I flew Turkish Airlines from Bodrum to İstanbul on April 18th 2016. The food and refreshments were excellent and service was good. The staff were helpful and the overall flight was satisfactory. Thanking Turkish Airlines and looking forward to travelling again in the future with you.
  London Heathrow to Cape Town return via Istanbul. All the staff of Turkish airlines were so obliging from the check in at Heathrow to the staff on the planes. They went the extra mile to make you feel comfortable. We ordered kosher food and it was delicious, well flavored and varied combinations. The best I have tasted in a long time and we are frequent travelers. The planes were all very full. This can be a problem on the long haul flights as the seats are not very widely positioned so when the front one tries to incline you are left with very little feet room. The office staff in London helped me beforehand to order what I needed and all my requirements were met. Thanking Turkish Airlines and looking forward to travelling again in the future with you.
  Turkish Airlines flight from Miami to Manila via Istanbul. Terrible experience. My TV screen's touchpad and remote both didn't work. The food cart and some staff kept bumping against my seat. The food was decent, but they had to give me what I hadn't asked for because they had run out. Tried to connect to the wifi, but it seems like they don't accept international credit cards.
  Rome to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines, and I'm not surprised they are repeated European airline of the year. Although only a relatively short flight they had a cook on board to feed us properly. Nothing too much trouble. Both Rome and Istanbul airports are chaotic but that's not Turkish Airlines fault. They did everything they could to make things as smooth as possible, including special attention for my 86 yr old mother. Will definitely fly with them again.
  Flew Turkish Airlines from Kigali to Miami via Istanbul. Excellent in-flight service from very helpful flight attendants of both genders. Very accomodating in helping to stash away multiple musical instruments. Inflight meals and entertainment top-notch, a fantastic selection of Turkish music and bollywood/world films. Cabin temperature good, not freezing cold. Blanket and a nice pouch with slippers, lip balm, dental kit, socks, eyepatch and earplugs, plus moisturizer in the toilet all help on longhaul flights, especially on multi-stop journeys of ~24 hrs. The stopover in Istanbul goes by quickly with all the shopping (bazaars and bookstores), and if one has in transit for 6 hrs, Turkish Airlines has free Istanbul city tours that leave 3 times a day. 
  Faultless travel on a trip from Copenhagen to Buenos Aires via Istanbul and Sao Paulo.  A321 and Boeing 777-300 aircraft, flights on time. First flight full, the following only 50% loaded as it is a new route to TK. Check in smooth, though staff had limited experience and understanding. However, lounge access and seat wishes accommodated. Service onboard was top notch. However, despite being kind and service minded, the FAs had very limited English skills and were all of the same, Turkish nationality. Even on the Europe leg, two hot meals of decent quality was offered in economy. Plus free drinks - 3 drink rounds were accomplished. STPC stopover provided in IST, despite the ticket was extremely cheap and said the opposite. IST airport is a hassle with long queues and repetitive security checks. IFE works fine, even on the smaller A321 aircraft. The longhaul leg on Boeing 777-300 was my longest flight ever. Newer aircraft, equipment, and excellent staff. Hot meals served three times. Plenty of drink rounds. Good beers, particularly I liked Tuborg Gold beer on cans. Wines mediocre, both were Turkish. Staff language skills extremely limited, apart from Turkish and Spanish - on the last leg from Sao Paulo to BUE. Amenity kit set with 6 items given. Poor headsets, good IFE. I had no inscribed luggage nor no change/delays issues which make me score TK high, as everybody knows that the problems always come with any irregularity or luggage.
  Istanbul to Izmir. Terrible customer service.  I changed my booking with the call center. They charged the credit card for the change made. However they did a mistake on dates and blocked my payment. I lost my flight waiting for them to decide what to do. Apparently there are no supervisors or managers who can answer phone calls in customer relations. The managers supposedly solving cases without the need of talking to customer. I was told to buy another ticket which is not possible as I don't have enough limit. They can't return the blocked amount. Such bad service for business class.
 London Gatwick to Mombasa with Turkish Airlines. TK currently have rock-bottom fares (around £1300 return to MBA from LGW). Arrival / departure times are inconvenient which may be a contributing factor. TK use the new Number 1 lounge at LGW. The ‘onboard chef’ on TK flights is a lot of fuss about nothing. The ‘chef’ on the first short sector to IST is simply a flight attendant in a chef’s hat who serves the drinks and most of the food. There was no chef on the long-haul sector. The food offering was excellent on both flights. There is a Turkish flair to the menu (Mezze, Turkish coffee, Turkish wines), however there is enough to choose from to please the less adventurous palate. The seat is clearly the reason that the lower fares are currently offered on the route. The seats are not flatbed. They are similar to most airline’s Premium Economy seat offer. Good leg-room, a foot rest and good recline. Other than that a normal medium haul business class seat. If I was paying the fare BA or KQ charge on the route I would have something to grumble about, but I am not – so did not. Everyone talks about the lounge at IST. It certainly is large, and impressive with self-service bars throughout, deli-style counters with sweets, cakes and savoury options. The pizza chefs, BBQ chefs, pasta chefs cook for the streams of passengers queuing for them. There is a virtual golf range, scalextric track to ‘play’ with in addition to cinemas, pool tables and a huge library. There are massage therapists with whom you can book an in-seat massage too - but order this early as waiting times can be long. The thing is, the lounge is so big you tend to sit in one spot where you find a seat (there are no ‘quiet areas’, just lots of seats and tables dotted around). It’s big and brash (like the network and advertising for it), and I will go back – but it’s not ‘special’. The staff were also not especially welcoming. Questions about availability of yoghurt for example was met with a disinterested, “I don’t know – look over there”. There was no feeling of being a special guest. It felt more like we were being done a favour by being allowed into the lounge – now we must fend for ourselves. Even if you are not travelling in business class, IST is a fab transit point. Excellent shops, restaurants and bars. Both my wife and I said it will be our preferred transit stop, whichever class we travel in future. Signage could be improved and the information points were staffed were not interested in offering any form of ‘customer service’. The one time we asked for directions we were answered with grunts and a tired ‘nod’ in the direction we should go. I would hesitate letting anyone transit alone who was unsure about how to get around an airport (elderly parent etc.), simply because of the lack of genuine help available by the staff on duty. The service of the flight to Kenya was equally good with nice choices from the menu. The presentation could do with some work – meals brought out from the galley wrapped in foil (from an airline boasting top cuisine and a chef?) which is unceremoniously unwrapped in front of you. Turkish coffee was made from instant powder in full view of the cabin before being served (nicely) with Turkish delight. This was a little disappointing. Overall, a good product at an excellent price. The food service is good and transit process reasonably easy for frequent travellers. We will definitely book this airline again on this route.
  Manila to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. I am on the flight as I write this review there is one hour to go of a 12 hour flight. Today May 8, 2016, left on the 7th.  I would have to rate Turkish Airlines in the top three if not the top. The seat was the best as far as layout comfort storage, TV screen nice big size and plenty to choose from easy to use. Internet on the flight. The chef on board was friendly and accommodating took care of a couple of requests with a smile. Had a good comfortable sleep for 6-7 hours Price for business was one of the cheaper ones. Overall enjoyed the experience, on Turkish Airlines and would choose them again. 
  Antalya to Frankfurt via Istanbul. Out of 4 airplanes flown, 3 were rather dirty and had limited or no entertainment systems. No WiFi was available onboard. After arrival in Istanbul, it took 10 minutes for the stairs to arrive and another 10 minutes for the shuttle buses to come.  Istanbul domestic is similar to La Guardia. Miles&Smiles I contacted TK more than 10 times and spend USD 60 on phone costs without getting any professional reply - at both Istanbul Miles&Smiles desks the staff was busy doing their personal things and any customer was an unwelcomed intrusion. The girl at the outside Miles&Smiles desk made it clear that she will not answer any questions and is only hired to print cards. The guy at the int'l inside Miles&Smiles desk refused to answer my question and I had to pay USD 30 entry fee to a nearby lounge to get my answer. Don't call them. Just write a message and maybe you will receive a reply within 2-8 biz days. If you have anything urgent, too bad. If you have a question at check-in, go directly to the supervisor. There, you might have a chance to get an answer - I asked the supervisor at the Istanbul lounge about the lousy Miles&Smiles service. She refused to answer, refused to investigate, and refused to forward anything. She told me to write an email to customer care - Turkish Airlines staff guided me to the wrong security check-in, because of that, I was stuck with customs / police for over an hour. There is no Turkish Airlines customer care service at Istanbul domestic airport or outside of security at the international terminal.  I contacted customer care and didn't receive any answer to any of above raised points.  Turkish Airlines have a few points that they advertise and that are great (like the Istanbul lounge), with most other things, I felt like Turkish Airlines is only a large cheap budget airline. I am still waiting for a reply from Turkish Airlines.
  Zurich to Los Angeles via Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. Great price, awesome food and cabin service, smooth flight and on time. Very easy change of flights in Istanbul. I'd choose Turkish Airlines again to fly .
  I booked my Turkish Airlines flight from San Francisco to Vienna via Istanbul, and was nervous by the mixed feedback. But after 4 different flights (4 different planes, 4 different crews, all international) I can say I was fairly pleased with Turkish Airlines. Seats were more or less ok, each head rest had it's own USB so that's a plus - food was average, and I thought the staff was fairly friendly. Their English was "eh" but if you're leaving the states anyway it's really a moot point by then.  I believe most of their flights are routed through IST, which I found an easy airport to navigate. I'd feel comfortable with a short layover here (like an hour) if that's a concern for anyone.
  Munich to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. Prepared my online check in to have a good start to my holiday. Arriving at the airport they told me they were unable to use the online check in reservations. Not any reasons given. Just they didn't use it. Now I am sitting in a middle seat in Row 10, instead of an window seat in the back. Please replace people with robots at this airline. If you are not able to do online check in don't offer it.
  Barcelona to New York JFK via Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. I loved it and felt so pampered. Everything was very efficient. Delicious food was served (and complimentary), smooth flight and with nice staff. A modern plane, and great value. Highly recommend it.
  
Yesterday I returned to London Heathrow from Istanbul on flight TK1971, I have flown Turkish Airlines before and found them to be very good, however yesterday cabin service was poor. It was almost 2 hours into the flight before we were served a drink and the meal choice was just one pasta option, we were told that the meat options had gone. My wife cannot eat pasta so was given a vegetarian dish which looked very unappetising and my pasta was lukewarm and dry. The attitude of the cabin crew was that it was our fault as we should have pre-ordered a special meal. 

  Malta to Istanbul return. First time with Turkish Airlines and very impressed. The Boeing 737 to IST was new and spotless. Crew were friendly and the inflight service good. Food was impressive for a 2 hour flight and alcohol poured from a large bottle, so good measures. On the way back slightly older A319 but still spotless. Again excellent service and landed early on both flights. I will choose Turkish again.
  Flew Turkish Airlines from Istanbul Ataturk to Cairo on a midnight flight. Check in was easy and quick, departure lounge was chaotic. A member of Turkish Airlines ground staff was very rude to passengers who had questions about their flight and shouted at one passenger who then refused to fly. Other passengers were telling the ground staff member to calm down and behave appropriately. Passengers were very uncomfortable about the situation. Although the ground staff work for TGS, this incident reflects part of the overall Turkish Airlines product unfortunately. Most passengers had up to three pieces of carry on baggage which delayed the departure of the flight as carry on luggage would not all fit in the over head bins on the aircraft. Turkish Airlines would become more efficient if it enforced a strict carry on baggage policy like other leading airlines do. Onboard experience was OK. Food on the flight was quickly served. It was a cardboard box containing a sandwich, salad and a mousse which was not as good as Egyptair hot food offering on the same route and not what one expects for the amount of money paid for the flight.

  Copenhagen to Dar es Salaam via Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. For a couple of years I have flown quite a lot with this airline and I have been very satisfied with the service and performance, however recently it seems like the previous high standard is declining. The flight from Copenhagen to Istanbul was okay, but the journey from Istanbul to Dar Es Salaam was nothing to write home about - not something good at least. Mediocre meal, uninterested crew, fixed seat without any possibility for adjustments etc. I hope that Turkish Airlines will show it previous strength and performance on the way back. I will still recommend THY on this background.
  Podgorica to Tbilisi via Istanbul. Turkish Airlines is the best airline I have flown, and I have to say they have best service for the value of the ticket. Cabin crew are very polite and friendly. Also seats are excelent, the entertainment in the plane is great, various movies, music game. The best part is food and drinks, especially chocolate mouse.
  I flew a total of 4 Turkish Airlines flights on my recent trip to Europe, from New York to Paris CDG via Istanbul, returning from Frankfurt to New York via Istanbul. The cabin crew were warm and friendly,  food was quite good for aircraft food, especially if you are a fan of Turkish food. Expect a small salad, a yogurt/tsatziki sauce, choice between a chicken dish and a beef dish, with the lighter meal consisting of a pasta dish. There's warm bread and I've eaten more hummus on those four flights than I have in my life. The new A330s have a great entertainment system, with a nice multi-touch display, live TV, and wi-fi (purchase necessary). The slightly older A330 going from IST to CDG also had an older touchscreen display but was a bit unresponsive to input. The actual movies and TV shows were the same regardless of the hardware and so it was easy to overlook the hardware troubles. There is decent legroom although you start to feel a little claustrophobic once the person in front of you reclines back. For longer flights, they provide a little pouch of amenities like an eye mask, ear plugs, slippers, lip balm, and a toothbrush/toothpaste. For the price I've paid, I found the flights to be a genuinely pleasant experience and I would definitely fly with them again.
  Last September, I flew Istanbul to Vienna with Turkish Airlines. Seats were comfy for economy class standards, the food, a breakfast comprised of potatoes gratin and borek (Turkish pastry with cheese), was amazing. It had trumped all of the business class meals I got at US airlines so far. Also amazing service. They even gave me newspapers on the jet bridge and the cabin crew was super kind. Will fly again on my so far favorite airline!
  Boston to Tel Aviv via Istanbul. Had to deal with customer service by telephone before the flight - this was difficult and set my expectations for the flight low. But the flight itself was wonderful. Pleasant check-in, friendly people, and inflight quite comfortable seating and a very attentive cabin crew. So all-in-all a most wonderful experience and I would readily fly Turkish Airlines again.
  
Flew Turkish Airlines from Istanbul to London Heathrow. Fast and welcoming check-in experience at IST this time. Great lounge and direct fast track access as usual. On time departure and scheduled arrival to LHR. Both the ground and onboard experience are superior to anything on offer by other European carriers. Refined catering with several meal choices, even though the business cabin was nearly full, all meal choices were available. The "Bat" shaped menu, referencing their recent sponsorship was a nice touch. Both internet access (free of charge for J Pax) and live TV available throughout flight. Even managed to get a brief nap before our landing to Heathrow thanks to the comfort of the lie-flat seats. All in all a 5-Star experience considering this being a intra-Europe flight. Excellent value for money.
  One of my worst experiences, uncomfortable seats, small low quality IFE screen with poor entertainment, live flight map not working. No power supply. Rude staff when I was asking for drink. Check in possible only 24 hrs before, and I can't print my boarding pass online (flight NRT-IST-BUD) so I had to be there very soon just with cabin bag. Only positive was the food and small bag with slippers, sleep mask and ear plugs.
  Bangkok to New York via Istanbul. I have nostalgic affection for Turkish, and have flown them many times from Istanbul to New York - their Premium Economy on that route is one of the great bargains of air travel. Their Business product is another matter, though it has its good points. I flew it long haul from Bangkok to New York with mixed results. The A330 is small and cramped, especially if you are used to flying the A380 with Emirates, say. Cathay also fly this plane, however, and they herringbone the seats to give you privacy. No such luck with Turkish. The 2-2-2 configuration means you are either next to someone snoring with no divider - and no privacy whatsoever - or you are constantly leaping over someones legs to get to the bathroom. The cabin felt claustrophobic and hot for this reason. Food is superb and yes I love the little candles! Service is also professional and smiling and wines are high quality. Inflight entertainment is pretty mediocre : small screens, not much choice and low-brow movie selection. As is quite common with Turkish, my connection with New York was missed and when I arrived in Istanbul there was zero help from ground staff. I was just left to fend for myself. Appointments for the following day in NY duly cancelled, I struggled for four hours to get out of the airport with my (temporarily misplaced) bags and get a hotel voucher (vast line, an offer for a three star hotel). Not a Business class experience, to say the least. The limitations of Istanbul airport are not the fault of Turkish, of course, but the airline needs to seriously rethink its ground operations in the event of transit mishaps, especially as they are so common that I now hesitate about doing any connections in Istanbul. I arrived in NY the next day in a pretty bad mood. Coming back, boarding at JFK was like a rugby scrum, with no priority boarding and no organization. Stress all the way. All in all, Turkish Airlines try hard to make the on-bard experience friendly and gastronomically coddling which one has to appreciate, But for several thousands dollars I think I'll be flying a Far Eastern or Gulf airline next time - the product is just so much better and more logistically sophisticated.  As many others have noted here, there is no customer service and so your little complaint will go entirely ignored, as mine was. In the future, I will use Turkish for short haul flights in Economy because they fly to alot of places and are good value for money. I'll leave Business trips to the big boys.
  Flew Turkish Airlines from Cape Town to Istanbul via Durban. ​Boarding: No boarding music, no pre-departure champagne offered (must be requested), no nuts/snacks offered with drinks (must be requested). Cabin/seat: dull grey cabin with no special lighting effects/mood lighting/flowers etc, rather dated business class seat in 2-2-2 layout, broken tray table storage mechanism meant my table protruded into seat area for 14 hours - especially uncomfortable when attempting to sleep. Technician attempted but failed to repair it during the stopover in Durban. Service: service from Cape Town was minimalist, but following a replacement crew in Durban things improved slightly. Nevertheless timing was too often off - starters and main courses were served but no accompanying wine offered (requested), it took over three hours to serve and clear a relatively small business cabin before lights were turned off, then switched on (not even gradually) 2.5 hours before landing for a quick breakfast service accomplished in an hour which left passengers bleary eyed and waiting for landing. A rather persistent cabin crew member insisted I and the passenger next to me raise our seat backs to almost 90 degrees forty minutes before landing (most decent airlines show some discretion is this regard until nearing final approach). Entertainment: limited selection of movies and TV shows, no WiFi/connectivity. Due to system issues it was reset at least twice en-route, unavailable for ten minutes each time, and meant having to fast-forward through films to the point at which it had been turned off. Arrival: parked at a remote stand and bussed to the terminal on arrival in Istanbul, found the spacious and well appointed Turkish Airlines lounge but waiting time for a shower was two hours. Opted to queue for a toilet. ​All-in all a rather disappointing and unrefined experience, relieved not to have paid for this trip myself, and wouldn't recommend Turkish Business Class when other (in particular Gulf) airlines offer a far better long-haul product.


  Bologna to Tokyo via Istanbul. We could do the online check in only 24 hrs before and when we coul do it it was only for the first flight from Bologna and not the other from Istanbul, because it was 24 hrs before. We had no chance to choose meals. During the flights we had no choice for the meal because it was already finished once crew arrived at our seat. My monitor was not working, I asked few times unduccessfully. After 4 hours I had it working, after asking again. Crew could have been more smiling and reactive to our requests.
  Antalya to Zurich via Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. The flights back were very nice. Both flights were operated on new aircraft and from Istanbul to Zurich, AVOD was offered.  The service from the FA's was very nice. The only problem is Istanbul Airport which is a chaotic place. However when I fly to Turkey or beyond, I will choose TK again, since I was very satisfied with their service.
  Great experience flying with Turkish Airlines from Budapest to Kuala Lumpur and back via Istanbul, aircraft were in very good condition, clean, best entertainment system I have seen, friendly staff and really good food. It was unbeatable value for the amount we paid (return BUD-KUL for 400 Eur). Highly recommended flying with Turkish.
  New York to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines was one of the best transatlantic flights ever. Great food, warm and professional service and a seat so comfortable that I managed to sleep over 7 of the 10-hour flight. The only part that I wish was a bit better was the Entertaiment selection. The movies option seemed to be fine and up to date, but the TV programming was quite limited. But everything else was impeccable (minus the extremely annoying kids sitting behind me, but the airline cannot be blamed for that).
  I was very impressed when flying Turkish Airlines in April from Düsseldorf to Seoul via Istanbul. The planes were in a very good condition and were kept clean throughout the flights, the IFE offered a pretty decent selection of movies, live television and music and the service was top-notch (a nice amenity kit was given to us, hot towels were handed out, turkish delights were served prior to the meal, etc). The food was very very good by airline standards. I enjoyed flying TK, and would do so again, especially since their fares are very competitive. Only downside is transferring through IST, which can be a bit stressful.


  Zurich to Antalya via Istanbul, and I was impressed. Everything went smooth. The FA's were very nice and attentive. The food served was very good for economy class. All flights left and arrived on time, even earlier on the the leg to Antalya. The only minus is maybe that there was no inflight entertainment from Zurich to Istanbul. Not a big problem. I had enough reading material.

  Baku to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines. Ground experience was very disappointing: I had do wait more than a half hour for my check in at the business class counter at GYD because they only open one counter for a A330 flight. Thats a joke and not acceptable. It was not possible for me to reach the lounge because of the mentioned delay at check in. Onboard was long haul Business Class Seats (A330) on the route GYD-IST, a friendly crew and a lot of meal options. Food had a good quality and was served very fast after takeoff. Flight was lightly delayed and had to park on the apron at IST - TK don't offer separate busses for business class passengers- that is a point to improve!
  All the hype about their food and chef onboard masked sub-par service and performance on my flight from Istanbul to Washington. The FAs decided their work was done about half way through the 11-hour flight. Ran out of tonic water, served coffee with powered creamer and had a snack served without asking what I wanted from the menu. No checking of passengers being prepared for landing. I had glasses left on my armrest. What is with all the tie-ins to the new Superman vs Batman movie and media hype, it makes the whole experience feel commercial and cheap. The lounge in Istanbul was crowded disaster, and a 3-hour wait for a shower.
  I have taken Turkish Airlines flights from Mumbai to Dublin via Istanbul return flight multiple times - last one was March 2016. Boarding in Mumbai was fine on time. Food (Indian vegeterian) was good, cabin crew were helpful and asked us if we need baby food. Transit in Istanbul is the only worst part (so far) of this airline. Plane doesn't park at aerobridge and you need to take shuttle bus from plane to airport. Walk from airport entry gate to lounge is long. No pram for family travelers. You need to go through a security check before reaching transit area or lounge. Walk from airport gate to lounge is long without enough travelevators and you need to cut across crowd in congested area. Turkish Airlines Lounge in Istanbul is excellent - plenty of variety of foods and drink. A nice children play area and changing room. Flight from Istanbul to Dublin was almost empty. Cabin crew suggested us to leave bassinet seat and go to back of the plane and occupy a 3 seater. It was good suggestion, our baby slept peacefully there. Return from Dublin was an issue, at airport all display boards showed flight will depart from gate 307 (?), when we reached there 10 min before gate closure, we didn't see a single staff or notice there. We thought gate closed and everyone left, but wondering how come they closed and left 10 min before schedule closing time. Got panicked. display boards still showing gate #307. In this situation I thought to check with nearby gate staff but it was unmanned - the other adjacent gate was behind a wall. Went there, and boarding was happening at gate 308. But wondered why display boards are showing wrong gate and  if it is wrong gate, then airline's responsibility to put some note, notice at gate #307, so that people don't panic. 
  Oslo to Dhaka via Istanbul return. I have travelled with Turkish Airlines some times the past year, and it seems there is always is some sort of mishap - delays, technical problems with the entertainment system, booking of seats that doesn't exist etc. However, my past trip with made me wonder if they have heard of the term "customer service". I had booked their website. The trip passed through Istanbul with one hour waiting time. At 2am the day before my trip (ie. 34 hours before departure) I received an email (and email only) that my flight to Istanbul was 5 hours delayed, but there were no information about my flight from Istanbul, so I called customer service. It turned out that my flight had been cancelled, and that I had been shifted on a later flight, but Turkish hadn't thought about what effects that had on my flight from Istanbul. The initial thought of the customer service was that I had to stay overnight at Istanbul, and then take the flight the next day. There is only 1 flight from Istanbul to my destination every day, so that meant that I were facing a 24 hours delay and that I would have to wait until 6pm before my flight departed. When I told the customer service that this was not doable, he said that there were seats available on the flight to Istanbul on an earlier flight ( departure 7.30a, instead of noon), but that there were only business class seats left and that I had to upgrade my ticket. That is of course not acceptable. After 32 minutes on the phone with customer service, I got booked on to that earlier flight (giving me an 5 hours additional wait in Istanbul, but at least not a 24 hour delay to my arrival time). When I boarded that flight, I was seated in one of the economy seats that were supposed to be unavailable, and it also turned out that there were plenty of free seats on economy class. What kind of customer service is this? Unfortunately I had another horrible experience with Turkish on my flight back, where I were denied to check-in because I met up at the airport 52 minutes before departure instead of the required 60 minutes. There were no problems in assisting the business class passenger who arrived at the same time as me, but I was rejected because of these 8 minutes. I have never been late on check-in before, but I have seen many exemples of airline companies bending over backwards to help their passengers (especially if it was the last flight for the day, or in this case the only). Turkish would rather exploit it's customers. The irony is that this very trip was the one that earned me the last points for a membership upgrade. I will go to great lengths to avoid this airline in the future.
  I currently work in Adjara, Georgia and the nearest airport is at Batumi. As I am a UK citizen, I frequently fly between Manchester, UK and Batumi, Georgia via Istanbul Ataturk. I have made bookings for three trips between Batumi and Istanbul over the last three months and I have to say the performance of the airline on this route is shockingly poor. On 29 December 2015, my flight from Istanbul to Batumi was cancelled. Weather conditions at Batumi were blamed. I was offered an alternative flight to Trabzon, Turkey instead being told there would be a bus transfer to Batumi. On arrival at Trabzon, there was no information about a bus transfer and no-one seemed to have clue about what to do. Eventually, I managed to find someone who put me on a bus (it was obvious this had not been arranged to cater for the disruption) which then left meet at the Georgian border at Sarpi. I was then forced to make my own travel arrangements from there. On 24 February 2016 my flight from Batumi to Istanbul was cancelled. Once again weather conditions were blamed. Today (24 March) my flight from Batumi to Istanbul has again been cancelled with weather conditions at Istanbul Ataturk airport being blamed. However, on checking the Turkish Airlines website, it was noted that other international flights are recorded as having landed at this airport at around the same time my own was due to land. My work colleagues have also experienced similar disruptions and cancellations to their flights over the last three months (some of their experiences were even worse!). The flight between Istanbul and Batumi is supposed to be a scheduled daily flight. However, the level of disruption leads many of us working here in Georgia to believe the airline does not value its customers and can just cancel flights when it wishes if it believes it does not have enough passengers - with weather conditions being blamed as a way to avoid having to pay compensation. As far as I am concerned, this airline does not deserve the award of best airline in Europe.
  Malta to Kilimanjaro via Dar es Salaam. We are frequent flyers with Turkish Airlines and our experience in this case was bad enough that we will probably never fly with them again. 7 hour flights at 2am and 4am in aircraft so small and old that the seat inclined (when it worked) just 30 degrees. Crew mostly indifferent. Food also indifferent - normally the food and service plus sky chefs on Turkish warrant a 5 star review on their own. We asked at Istanbul lounge if we could speak to a member of customer service about our experience and they said 'No. Post via the website'. So we did. Nobody even acknowledged. We love the Istanbul lounge and the food there and (normally) the food on board. But in general indifferent has got into the habit of seeing customers as pesky unwanted extras that get in the way of their job. So maybe they're just telling us to go to another airline. Message received.
